
bagels 1

breads

2 cup warm water
2 pkg active dry yeast
3 tablespoon sugar
3 teaspoon salt
5 3/4 cup flour
3 quart water
1 tablespoon sugar
1  cornmeal
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon water

combine warm water, yeast and sugar.  let stand 5 minutes, stir in
salt. gradually mix in 4 cups of flour, beat at medium speed for 5
minutes. with spoon add 1 1/4 cups more flour to make a stiff dough.
turn out on a floured board and knead until smooth, elastic, and no
longer sticky (about 15 minutes), adding more flour as needed. dough
should be firmer than for most yeast breads.  place in a greased
bowl, cover, let rise until almost doubled (about 40 minutes). knead
dough lightly and divide into 12 equal pieces. to shape, knead each
piece, forming it into a smooth ball. holding ball with both hands,
poke your thumbs through the center. with one thumb in hole, work
around perimeter, shaping bagel like a doughnut 3 to 3 1/2 inches
across.  place shaped bagels on lightly floured board, cover lightly
and let stand in a warm place for 20 minutes. bring the 3 quarts of
water and 1 tbls sugar to boiling in large kettle. adjust heat to
keep it boiling gently. lightly grease baking sheet and sprinkle with
cornmeal. heat oven to 400 degrees. gently lift one bagel at a time
and drop into water, boil about 4 at a time, turning often, for 5
minutes. lift out with slotted spatula, drain briefly on a towel and
place on baking sheet. brush with glaze made with 1 egg yolk and 1
tbls water. bake 35 - 40 minutes, or until well browned and crusty.
cool on rack. whole wheat bagels: follow basic recipe, omitting
sugar. use 3 t honey instead. in place of flour, use 2 cups whole
wheat flour, 1/2 cup wheat germ, and about 2 3/4 cup all purpose
flour, blended together. knead with white flour. pumpernickel bagels:
follow basic recipe, omitting sugar. use 3 t dark molasses in place
of sugar.  in place of flour use 2 cups rye, 2 cups whole wheat, 1
3/4 cups all purpose flour blended together.  knead with white flour.
onion bagels: add 1/2 cup instant toasted onion to basic dough with
the yeast , water and sugar in basic recipe. seeded bagels: springle
boiled bagels with sesame seed, poppy seed, or caraway seed after
using egg wash and before baking.

yield: 12 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

