
bannock

breads, canadian

1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup rolled oats
2 tablespoon sugar, granulated
2 teaspoon baking powder salt
2 tablespoon butter, melted
1/3 cup raisins; optional water; approx,

"bannock, a simple type of scone was cooked in pioneer days over open
fires. variations in flours and the additional of dried or fresh
fruit make this bread the simple choice of canadian campers even
today.  oven baking has become an acceptable alternative to the cast
iron fry pan. mckelvie's restaurant in halifax serves an oatmeal
version similar to this one. for plain bannock, omit rolled oats and
increase the all purpose flour to 1 cup.... one of the earliest quick
breads, bannock was as simple as flour, salt, a bit of fat (often
bacon grease) and water. in gold rush days, dough was mixed right in
the prospector's flour bag and cooked in a fry pan over an open fire.
indians wrapped a similar dough around sticks driven into the ground
beside their camp fire, baking it along with freshly caught fish.
today's native _fried bread_ is like bannock and cooked in a skillet.
newfoundlander's _damper dogs_ are small rounds of dough cooked on
the stove's dampers while _toutons_ are similar bits of dough deep
fried. at a promotional luncheon for the 1992 inuit circumpolar
conference, eskimo doughnuts, deep fried rings of bannock dough, were
served. it is said that inuit children prefer these "doughnuts" to
sweet cookies.
red river settlers from scotland made a frugal bannock with lots of
flour, little sugar and drippings or lard. now this same bread plays a
prominent part in winnipeg's own folklorama festival.
at expo '86 in vancouver, buffalo on bannock buns was a popular
item at the north west territories ' restaurant. in many regions of
canada, whole wheat flour or wheat germ replaces part of the flour
and cranberries or blueberries are sometimes added. a saskatchewan
firm markets a bannock mix, and recipe books from coast to coast
upgrade bannock with butter, oatmeal, raisins, cornmeal and dried
fruit."

stir together flours, oats, sugar, baking powder and salt. add melted
butter, raisins (if using) and water, adding more water if needed to
make sticky dough. with floured hands, pat into greased pie plate.
bake in 400f oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until browned and tester
comes out clean. cut into wedges. serves:6 variations: in place of
raisins add chopped dried apricots or fresh berries.(blueberries are
terrific if one is camping in northern ontario in august.)

source: "the first decade" chapter in _a century of canadian home
cooking_ posted by anne maclellan

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

