
basic muffins & biscuits

breads

      ----basic biscuit baking mix----
9 cup flour; sifted
1/3 cup baking powder; double acting
1 cup nonfat dry milk plus
2 tablespoon nonfat dry milk
4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup vegetable shortening

stir baking powder, dry milk and salt into the sifted flour. sift all
dry ingredients together until well mixed. cut or mix fat into flour
mixture utnil all particles are thouroughly coated and mixture
esembels coarse cornmeal. sotre mix in a jar or can with a tight lid.
it can be measured into 2 cup amounts and put in plastic bags or
jarsd where it will be ready for use. it may be stored at room
temperature for 6 weeks. vary the liquids: dry milk solids are
already in the mix so more milk is not need. you can use fruit juice,
water or meat broth for the liquid called for in a recipe.

the recipes in this pick-a-pocket book were written for commercial
packaged baking mix which has no milk so it is the liquid called for
in recipes. this mix is a perfect substitte. just use water where it
calls for milk. (written out of my cookbook)

basic biscuits: 2 cups mix, 1/2 cup water. add water to mix and stir
20-25 times. turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 10-15
times. roll to 1/2" thickness and cut with a knife to pockets shapes
or use biscuit cutter to make circles. place in preheated sm and bake
5 minutes or until golden brown.

sausage biscuits: 2 1/4 cups packaged biscuit baking mix(milk), 8
links sausages cooked.

prepare biscuits according to package directions for rolled biscuits.
knead dough, roll out on floured surface and cut 8 circles with a
biscuit cutter. lay one sausage in center of each and wrap dough
around, pinching to seal. sausages will stick out the ends. bake 5
minutes or until golden brown.

jelly biscuits: flatten unbaked biscuits with heel of your hand.
place 1/2 teaspoon jelly or preserves in center. fold over and pinch
edges together to seal. bake 5 minutes or till golden.

pimento cheese bread: 2 cups packaged biscuit baking mix, 1 egg,
beaten; 1/2 cup grated cheddar; 2/3 cup milk; 2 tablespoon drained
dice pimento (optional) mix all ingredients together until soft dough
forms. spoon into pockets.  bake 10 minutes or until golden.

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

