
boston brown bread

breads

2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup dark molasses
1 cup seedless raisins
1 cup rye flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup white, fine ground cornmeal
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter or margerine @rm temp

equipment;  egg beater or electric mixer, larege sized mixing bowl,
wooden mixing spoon, sifter, 2 clean cans (2-1/2 cup size, one end
removed) wax paper, aluminum foil, string, or tape, wire reack to fit
inside large saucepan with cover, oven mits, waxpaper covered
worksurface.

1. put about 2 qt. water in tea kettle and breing to boil. 2. using
egg beater or mixer, mix buttermik and molasses until well
blended (about 5 min>); add raisins 3. put rye and whole wheat
flowers, cormenal , baking soda, and salt into
flour sifter and sift into buttermilk mixture a little at a time.
stir
coninually until well blended. 4. spread softened butter or
margarine over inside and bottom of cans.
pour mixture equally into the cans.  cover each can loosely with
greased
wax paper (greased side down), allowing room under the wax paper
for the
bread to rise.  cover wax paper with a large peice of aluminum
foil,
pulling it tightly around the outside of each can but puffing it
up over
the opening. tie or tape the foil securely to the sideds of each
can.
placed filled cans on rack in saucepan.  set saucepan on stove and
add
enough boiling water to reach about 3/4  of the way up the sides
of the
cans.
set on high heat and breing water to a boil.  reduce to low, cover,
and steam bread for 2-1/2 hours. 5. using oven mitts, carefully
remove cans, one by one from water, and
place on work surface.  carefully remove foil and wax paper from
hot cans. turn cans upside down and carefully turn bread out on
waxpaper
covered work surface.

to serve:  allow the bread to cool before slicing into about 1/2 inch
wide peices.  refrigerated, the bread keeps ell if wrapped for about
10 days.

from:  "the multicultural cookbook for students,"  albyn & webb, oryx
press, 1993. posted by bud cloyd

yield: 2 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

