
challah ii~ part 2 of 2

breads, jewish

1  see part 1

: continued from part 1

notes:

*  challah (pronounced "hallah") is a type of braided egg bread
traditionally eaten on the jewish sabbath. it is eaten by tearing off
hunks rather than by cutting with a knife.

i got this recipe from a housemate a couple of years ago; i don't
know its origins before that, but it has become one of my favorite
recipes, and one with which i have experimented a good deal. i've
tried several other challah recipes, but find i like this one the
best. yield: 2 large loaves.

*  the variation in oil makes quite a difference in the moisture of
the bread: if you use the larger quantity, the bread comes out very
nice and moist, but when it cools it becomes somewhat oily.

the amounts of sugar and oil may sound high, but try it this way once
before cutting back. i have tried other recipes that use less, and
they don't taste nearly as good.

*  here's the fun part --> variations.  because this dough is so
workable, you can form it many different ways, limited only by your
imagination; i once made a whole collection of different shapes and
sizes, for a festive dinner party.

some of the variations i have tried include:

:  o  adding extra ingredients, such as raisins and/or nuts
:  o  forming the braided loaf into a wreath-like loop (joining the
ends) :  o  braiding 5 ways instead of 3
:  o  baking a small loaf on top of a larger loaf (traditional)
:  o  braiding 3 braided loaves into a recursive loaf (didn't turn out
well; it ended up looking knotty, rather than intricate, and being
somewhat tough)
:  o  varying the loaf sizes.  one time i made individual-sized
loaves, so that everyone could have their own loaf at dinner. another
time, i divided the dough into 2 halves, set one aside, and made a
loaf out of the other half. then, i divided the remaining piece into
2 halves, and continued the process until i had an array of loaves,
each half the size of the previous. i managed to get 9 loaves by
doing this, the smallest of which was about 1/4 inch by about 2
inches.

:  o  varying the length-to-width proportions; traditionally, challah
loaves are quite wide relative to their length. i find that shorter,
wider loaves are doughier (and thus tastier), but longer loaves look
more elegant.

: difficulty:  moderate.
: time:  30 minutes dough preparation, 1 1/2 hours first rising, 1
hour loaf forming, 1 hour second rising, 30 minutes baking. total: 4
1/2 hours. : precision: approximate measurement ok.

: mike schwartz
: university of washington, computer science, seattle, washington, usa
: ihnp4!uw-beaver!schwartz
schwartz@cs.washington.edu

: copyright (c) 1986 usenet community trust

yield: 2 loaves


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

