
chocolate orange brioches

breads

1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 pkg yeast
2  oranges; zested
2  eggs
4  egg yolks
3 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter; (cold) plus
1 tablespoon unsalted butter; (cold)
6 oz bittersweet chocolate - roughly cho; pped
      ----orange glaze----
1 cup confectioners' sugar
3 tablespoon orange juice

scald the milk and let it cool to 110 degrees f.  add 1/4 cup of the
sugar and the yeast and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes.
combine the orange zest with the remaining sugar in a food processor
and process until zest is finely ground. in a heavy-duty electric
mixer, combine the yeast mixture, zest and sugar mixture, eggs and
egg yolks. beat until combined, about 30 seconds. in a separate bowl,
sift together the flour and salt. gradually add the dry ingredients
to the liquid in the mixer bowl, beating constantly until the dough
is sticky and soft. add 2 sticks (1 cup) of butter, 1 tablespoon at a
time, beating constantly until combined. beat an additional 30
seconds. coat a large bowl with remaining tablespoon butter. turn the
dough out onto a lightly floured board; form a ball without kneading
and place in the bowl, turning to coat the dough with butter. cover
with plastic wrap and a towel and set aside to rise in a warm place
until doubled in bulk, about 1 to 1-1/2 hours. turn the dough out
onto a lightly floured board.  punch down to remove air bubbles and
return to the bowl.  cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate a
minimum of 6 hours, or overnight. turn the dough out onto a lightly
floured board and gently knead in the chocolate pieces. divide the
dough into 16 equal parts. roll each between your hands to form a
1-1/2" round cylinder. to make the traditional brioche topknot, lay
the cylinders on a counter and roll the side of your hand back and
forth at a point about an inch from the top, so you form a shape like
a bowling pin.  place the dough in buttered brioche tins or muffin
cups, pinched side up, and gently press the tops down toward the
bottom of the tim. place the tins on a baking sheet, cover with
plastic wrap and a towel and set aside in a warm place to rise until
doubled, about 1-1/2 hours. preheat oven to 375 degrees f. bake for
20 minutes. while the brioches are baking, make the glaze. orange
glaze: whisk the ingredients together to form a paste and spoon about
1 tablespoon over each warm brioche.

yield: 16 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

