
chocolate stuffed peanut butter scones (randa

breads, desserts, chocolate

2 cup flour
1/2 cup lt brown sugar, firmly packed
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup unsalted butter, chilled
3/4 cup peanut butter, creamy
1/4 cup milk
2 large eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup unsalted peanuts, chopped
1 1/2 oz bittersweet chocolate, broken into; 8 equal pieces

preheat oven to 375 degrees.

in a lg bowl, stir together the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, and
salt. cut the butter into 1/2-inch cubes and distribute them over the
flour mixture. with a pastry blender or two knives used scissors
fashion, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
in a sm bowl, stir together the peanut butter mixture to the flour
mixture and knead until combined.  knead in the peanuts.

pat the dough out into a 1/2-inch thickness on a cutting board. using
a floured 2-1/2 in. to 3-in. diameter crinkled round biscuit cutter,
cut out rounds from the dough. gather the scraps togvether and repeat
until all the dough is used and there are 16 round. place 8 of the
rounds on an ungreased baking sheet. top each round with a piece of
the chocolate and one of the remaining circles of dough. press the
edges gently to seal. bake for 17-19 minutes, or until lightly
browned. remove the baking sheet to a wire rack and cool 5 minutes.
using a spatula, transfer the scones to the wire rack to cool. serve
warm or cool completely and store in an airtight container.

variation (randy's preference):  make the dough as above, omitting
bittersweet chocolate, substituting 1/2 c unsalted peanuts for the
chopped peanuts and kneading in 3/4 c semisweet chocolate chips at
the same time. put the dough into a 9-inch diameter circle on a
baking sheet. with a serrated knife, cut into 8 wedges. bake 20-22
minutes, or until a cake tested or toothpick inserted into the center
of a scone comes out clean. cool as above and recut into wedges, if
necessary.

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

