
chocolate-stuffed peanut butter scones

breads, desserts, chocolate

2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar, brown, light
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter, sweet; chilled
3/4 cup peanut butter, creamy
1/4 cup milk
2  egg
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup peanuts, unsalted; chopped
1 1/2 oz chocolate, bittersweet; brok

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. in a large bowl, stir together the
flour, brown sugar, baking powder, and salt. cut the butter into
1/2-inch cubes and distribute them over the flour mixture. with a
pastry blender or two knives used scissors fashion, cut in the butter
until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. in a small bowl, stir
together the peanut butter, milk, eggs, and vanilla. add the peanut
butter mixture to the flour mixture and knead until combined. knead
in the peanuts. pat the dough out into a 1/2-inch thickness on a
cutting board. useing a floured 2-1/2-inch to 3-inch diameter
crinkled round biscuit cutter, cut out rounds from the dough. gather
the scraps together and repeat until all the dough is used and there
are 16 rounds. place 8 of the rounds on an ungreased baking sheet.
top each round with a piece of the chocolate and one of the remaining
circles of dough. press the edges gently to seal. bake for 17 to 19
minutes, or until lightly browned. remove the baking sheet to a wire
rack and cool for 5 minutes. using a spatula, transfer the scones to
the wire rack to cool. serve warm or cool completely and store in an
airtight container. yield: 8 scones. variation: make the dough as
above, omitting bittersweet chocolate, substituting 1/2 cup unsalted
whole peanuts for the chopped peanuts and kneading in 3/4 cup of
semisweet chocolate chips at the same time. pat the dough into a
9-inch diameter circle on a baking sheet. with a serrated knife, cut
into 8 wedges. bake for 20 to 22 minutes, or until a cake tester or
toothpick inserted into the center of a scone comes out clean. cool
as above and recut into wedges, if necessary.

yield: 16 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

