
classic sourdough bread**

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
1 1/3 cup warm water
5  to 6 c all-purpose flour or a combi; nation of
1  all-purpose and whole wheat flours
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda

cornmeal to sprinkle on pans

the sponge: pour 1 c of starter into a large ceramic mixing bowl.
feed and then refrigerate the remainder. add to the starter in the
mixing bowl, the warm water and about 3 c of flour. beat vigorously
with a spoon or wire whisk. cover this sponge with plastic wrap and
put it aside to work. this time period can be very flexible, but
allow at least 2 hours and as many as 24. the longer it has, the more
yeast there will be for the second rise and the more pronounced the
sour flavor of the bread will be.

the dough: after sponge has bubbled and expanded, remove plastic wrap.
blend salt, sugar and baking soda into 2 c of flour. mix this into
sponge with large spoon. when dough begins to hold together, turn it
out onto floured board and knead it for 3 or 4 minutes. add flour as
needed to make a fairly stiff dough.give the dough a rest and clean
the bowl. continue kneading for another 3 or 4 minutes. place the
dough back in the bowl turning it to grease the top. cover and let
rise for 2 to 4 hours.if you want, you can skip the second rise in
the bowl and proceed directly to the next step.

shaping and baking the loaves: knock down the dough and shape it into
2 long loaves. place them on a cornmeal sprinkled cookie sheet, cover
and let them rise for another 2 hours or so.toward the end of the
rising period, preheat your oven to 450 f and begin heating a kettle
of water on your stove. just before you put them in the oven, slash
the tops of your loaves diagonally with a knife 1/4" deep every two
inches and brush with cold water.place a baking pan on the oven
bottom and put in 3 or 4 cups of boiling water. put the loaves on the
rack over the steaming water, close the oven and bake for about 25
minutes.

from the cookie-lady's files reformatted for mm:dianee 6/29/93

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

