
cran-apple streusel bread

breads, fruits

1 lb loaf frozen bread dough, or 1 loaf; homemade wt
1 can cinnamon apple pie filling (21 oz)
1 cup cranberries, fresh or frozen, whole
1 tablespoon orange juice
1 tablespoon grated orange peel(zest)colored par; t only
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon apple pie spice
1  streusel topping
1/4 cup milk (approx)
3/4 cup walnuts, chopped, divided use
1  glaze, optional
1/4 cup flour, all purpose
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoon brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, ground
1/4 cup butter, softened

this recipe is shaped like a wreath or individual loaves for gift
giving. cranberries, fresh fruit, nuts and spices combine bright
color and a refreshing flavor for a holiday favorite. a nutty
streusel topping and a sweet hint of glaze complete the picture.

preliminaries; thaw frozen bread dough until pliable according to
package directions. fifteen minutes prior to baking, preheat oven to
350 degrees.

in a large bowl, mix apple pie filling with cranberries, orange juice,
orange peel, lemon juice and apple pie spice. set aside. prepare
streusel topping (recipe follows).  cut loaf into 3 even pieces. on a
lightly floured work surface roll out each piece of dough into a 8 by
7 inch rectangle. cut the dough with kitchen shears to obtain the
correct measurement if needed. place on baking sheet.

make 2 inch long cuts at 1 inch intervals on both of the 7 inch sides
of dough rectangle. spread 1 cup of cran-apple mixture lengthwise
down center third of dough. top filling with 1/4 cup walnuts. fold
strips diagonally over filling, overlapping strips to give a braided
look. brush dough strips with a little milk and 1/4 cup streusel mix.
repeat with remaining 2 pieces of dough.  let rise for 30 minutes in
warm place. bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes,
covering with aluminum foil after 20 minutes to prevent
over-browning. remove bread from baking sheet to cool. bread may be
drizzled with glaze, if desired (recipe follows)

glaze; mix 1/4 cup powdered sugar with 1 tsp milk; stir until blended.

streusel  topping   procedure; in a medium bowl combine flour, sugars
and cinnamon;  stir until well mixed. cut in butter using a pastry
cutter until butter is the size of small peas.  use as directed
above.....

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

