
croissants (kh)

breads

1 cup milk
1 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg compressed or active dry
1  yeast
1/4 cup warm water (105 to 115)
2 3/4  to 3 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup (1/2 pound) butter,
1  softened
1  egg yolk
1 tablespoon milk

heat 1 cup milk, oil, sugar, and salt in a saucepan; cool to lukewanm.
dissolve yeast in warm water in a large bowl. add milk mixture and 1
cup flour; beat until smooth. stir in enough remaining flour to make
a soft dough. turn dough onto a floured surface; continue to work in
flour until dough can be kneaded. knead until smooth and elastic
(about 5 minutes). shape dough into a ball and place in an oiled
bowl; turn to oil top of dough. cover; let rise in a warm place until
double in bulk (about 45 minutes). punch dough down. roll out on
floured surface to form a rectangle about l/4 inch thick. cut butter
in slices (just soft enough to spread but not melted). spread over
center one-third section of rectangle. fold each extending side of
butter, pressing together the open edges to seal. roll out again
until rectangle is 3/8 inch thick. turn dough occasionally, flouring
surface lightly to prevent sticking. fold in thirds again to make a
squarish rectangle. roll dough and fold again in the same manner.
wrap dough in waxed paper or foil; chill 30 minutes. if at any time
dough oozes butter and becomes sticky while rolling, chill until
butter is more firm. roll and fold again 2 more times exactly as
directed before. chill dough again another 30 minutes. roll dough
into a rectangle about 1/8 inch thick. cut into strips 6 inches wide.
cut triangles out of each strip to measure about 6x8x6 inches. roll
up each triangle of dough from a 6-inch edge, pinching tip to seal.
shape each roll into a crescent. place, point down, 1 1/2 inches
apart on ungreased baking sheet. cover; let rise until double in bulk
(30 to 45 minutes). brush each roll with mixture of egg yolk and 1
tablespoon milk. bake at 425f 15 minutes, or until brown. remove from
baking sheet and cool on wire rack. serve warm.

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

