
crockpot pumpkin bread in jars

breads, crockpot

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 cup brown sugar, firmly packed
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2  eggs
1/2 cup pumpkin (canned)
4 tablespoon raisins or dried currants, finely

chopped

in small bowl combine flour, baking powder and pumpkin pie spice; set
aside.

in med. mixing bowl combine brown sugar and oil; beat till well
combined. beat in eggs. add pumpkin; mix well. add flour mixture.
beat just until combined. stir in raisins.

pour pumpkin mixture into 2 well-greased and floured 1/2-pint
straight-sided canning jars. cover jars tightly w/greased foil. place
a piece of crumpled foil in 3-1/2 or 4 qt. crockery cooker with liner
in place. place jars atop crumpled foil.

cover; cook on high setting for 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 hours or until a wooden
toothpick inserted near centers comes out clean.

remove jars from cooker; cool 10 minutes in jars. remove bread from
jars. cool thoroughly on wire rack. makes 2 loaves.

for 3-1/2 to 4 quart crockpots--halve all ingredients.

warning:

use only canning jars for this recipe.  others may not be tempered to
withstand the heat.  do not use coffee or vegetable cans as most
contain lead and are painted or sealed with materials that may give
off toxic gases when heated.

taken from "better homes and gardens new crockery cooker"

this recipe doesn't say you can seal them up and store them in your
pantry but my kerr canning book recipe says you can; here's how:

remove jars from the oven one at a time, wipe rim of jar clean; put
on lid and ring and screw on tightly.

jars will seal as the cake cools.  store like canned goods.

if you'll be giving these as gifts, take a piece of decorative cloth
(about 1-inch larger in circumference than the lid or as large as
you'd like) and put it on top of the lid, then screw on the ring.
make sure you screw the lid on very tightly. i like to use pinking
shears to cut the cloth out with.

yield: 2 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

