
election day loaf

breads

2 pkg dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
2 teaspoon sugar
6 cup unbleached flour, divided
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
3/4 cup butter, at room temperature
1 cup sugar
2  eggs, at room temperature
1 1/2 cup raisins
3/4 cup chopped walnuts or pecans
1/2 cup chopped citron
1 tablespoon flour
1  icing:
1 cup confectioner's sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon orange juice
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 pinch of salt

mew england legend decrees that votes were bought in exchange for this
loaf. you may not win an election, but you will get an overwhelming
vote of confidence if you serve this bread to the poll watchers
gathered in your home on election night.

in a large bowl, dissolve the yeast in warm water. add 2 tsp sugar
and 1 1/2 cups flour.  beat well, about 150 strokes. cover the bowl
tightly and set in a warm, draft-free place for 30 minutes.
meanwhile, sift the remaining flour with the salt, cinnamon, cloves,
and nutmeg on a piece of wax paper.  in a small bowl, cream the
butter and sugar. when the yeast batter has only 5 more minutes to
rise, add the eggs to the creamed butter.

beat well.  stir down the yeast batter.  spoon in the butter mixture
and blend well.  add the sifted dry ingredients a spoonful at a time,
beating after each one until the mixture is smooth. dredge the
raisins, nuts and citron in the tbsp of flour and stir into the
batter. pour the batter into a greased 10 inch tube pan. make it
level by using a spoon dipped in cold water.  cover the pan with wax
paper and place in a warm, draft-free spot for about 1-1/2 hours, or
until a wooden tooth-pick inserted in the center comes out clean.
check halfway through baking time; if the top gets too brown, cover
loosely with foil or brown paper. remove from oven and let cool for
10 minutes before turning the bread onto a wire rack to cool.

spread on the icing while the bread is still warm. makes 1 loaf.

origin:  hearth and home companion shared by: sharon stevens.

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

