
fancy coconut rotti

breads, ceylon

3 cup flour
1 cup desiccated coconut
6  curry leaves *
2 tablespoon crushed dried shrimp
1/2  onion, chopped
10  green chilies, chopped
1 cup warm water (approx., just enough to; moisten the dough)
1  vegetable oil
      ----filling----
1/2 cup green onions or leeks, finely chopp; ed
1 teaspoon crushed, dried red chilies
1/2 cup cabbage, finely chopped
1/2 cup kale, finely chopped
1  a few curry leaves* (optional)
1  salt
1  black pepper
1  vegetable oil for frying

combine the ingredients, mix well, and add enough warm water to make
a soft dough.  knead it until it forms a ball and does not stick to
the sides of the bowl. shape it into balls about 2 inches in
diameter. then flatten each ball on a greased plate or cutting
surface, spreading it until it is as thin or thick as desired. fill
with the following:

filling: in a bowl, combine the green onions or leeks, red chilies,
cabbage, kale, and curry leaves.  add salt and pepper to taste. heat
the oil in a skillet, and saute the vegetables and spices until
golden. place about 2 tablespoons of the filling on each rotti, fold
the rotti in half, and pinch the edges together to form a packet
enclosing the vegetables. heat the vegetable oil in a skillet, and
fry each rotti until the filling is warmed through.

*curry leaves - edible gray-green leaves that resemble bay leaf, used
in flavoring sambols and fish, vegetable, or meat curries. the sri
lankans use curry leaves fresh, but they can be used dried if fresh
leaves are not available.  the sinhalese term for the plant is
'karapincha', and if you can find them fresh, they add great depth
and flavor to a dish. they are not removed before serving, and they
are edible. there is no substitute for curry leaves.

from:  fire & spice - the cuisine of sri lanka by heather jansz
balasuriya and karin winegar, mcgraw-hill publishing company, new
york. 1989. isbn 0-07-003549-0 shared by: karin brewer, cooking echo,
7/93

yield: 4 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

