
flaky cheese twists

appetizers, breads

2 1/2 cup instant flour (wondra)
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter,chilled>>>>>
1  cut into bits.
1/2 cup ice water, or as needed
1 cup cheddar cheese, fine grate
1 teaspoon paprika (med-hot if avail.)
3/4 teaspoon coarse (kosher or sea) salt
2 tablespoon dry bread crumbs,fine
1  egg
1 tablespoon water

whisk together the flour and 1 ts. salt thoroughly. add the butter
bits and, using your fingers or pastry blender, blend into flaky
mixture. sprinkle ice water gradually and mix lightly with a fork.
add just enough water to make the dough bits adhere to each other;
don't overmix. form dough into brick, wrap in plastic, and chill for
at least 1 hr or as long as 12 hrs.

when ready to bake the twists, halve the pastry, return one-half to
'fridge, and roll remaining half on lightly floured surface to make
rectangle 8 x 12". turn pastry so that a long side faces you and
brush off all surplus flour, then fold pastry like a book where the
ends meet at the center.  roll folded pastry out again, this time to
an oblong 7 x 10". stop at any point and refigerate dough if it
becomes too soft. dough must remain cold.

cover large baking sheet with wax paper and sprinkle lightly with
flour. lay pastry on paper and roll out to 9 x 12". chill. roll and
fold second half of pastry. chill both halves, uncovered, for 30 min.
or cover loosely and chill up to 12 hrs.  combine cheese, papprika,
coarse salt, and bread crumbs in a bowl. beat egg with 1 tbs. water
in another bowl. preheat oven to 400 f.

slide one sheet of dough, on its wax paper, onto the work surface.
brush lightly with egg mixture and sprinkle with 1/4 cup of cheese
mixture, pressing into surface. cover with sheet of wax paper and
turn dough over. peel off wax paper from top, then coat surface with
egg and another 1/4 of cheese mixture, pressing it in as before.

quarter sheet of dough (pastry wheel or pizza cutter), then cut each
quarter into strips 1/2" wide and 4" long. twist each strip to pencil
thinness (they will lengthen as you twist) and place them 1/2" apart
on ungreased baking sheet. press ends of twists onto pan to prevent
unrolling.

bake abt. 10 min., until the sticks are golden brown, then remove to
racks to cool.  when cool, trim off any unsightly flattened ends.
repeat forming and baking proceedure for the second half of the
dough. store airtight for up to 2 wks in the 'fridge or 1 wk. at room
temp. baked twists may be frozen.  however stored, they improve with
brief warming before serving. yield:  5 dozen sticks

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

