100% Whole Wheat Banana Bread
    
    Who doesn't love banana bread? This moist, tender, richly flavored loaf features whole wheat flour, making this a super (and tasty!) way to increase your family's intake of healthy fiber. Using honey as some of the sweetener adds both moistness, and the merest hint of honey flavor.
    
       454g sliced bananas 113g butter 106g brown sugar, light or dark 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 3/4 teaspoon baking soda 3/4 teaspoon salt 85g honey 2 large eggs 227g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium Whole Wheat Flour 57g chopped walnuts, optional; toasted if desired 
    
     Directions   Preheat your oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 9" x 5" loaf pan.  Mash the bananas with a potato masher or fork; or purée them in a blender or food processor.  In a large bowl, beat together the butter and sugar until smooth. Add the vanilla, baking soda, salt, and bananas, beating until well combined. Beat in the honey and eggs.  Add the flour, then the walnuts, stirring until smooth.   Spoon the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top. Let it rest at room temperature for 10 minutes.   Bake the bread for 50 minutes, then gently lay a piece of aluminum foil across the top, to prevent over-browning. Bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, then remove the bread from the oven; a long toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center should come out clean.   Allow the loaf to cool for 10 minutes; then remove it from the pan, and set it on a rack to cool completely. Store at room temperature, well wrapped in plastic, for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For banana-pineapple bread, drain a 20-ounce can of crushed pineapple in juice, saving the juice for another use (or to drink). Place the pineapple in a double layer of paper towels, and wring it until it's as dry as can be. Substitute it for one of the bananas in the recipe; you may need to increase the baking time by 5 to 10 minutes. Want to dress up the bread's crust — and add flavor, too? Mix 2 tablespoons granulated sugar + 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; sprinkle evenly over the top of the bread  before baking.For banana mini muffins, scoop the batter into a mini-muffin pan (in batches), and bake the muffins in a preheated 325°F oven for 10 minutes, or until they test done. Yield: 32 mini muffins.Why add banana flavor to banana bread? It's certainly not a must, but if your bananas aren't over-ripe (and at their optimum degree of flavor), adding 1/4 teaspoon banana flavor to the batter helps amp up the bread's taste.  
    