Apple Cheddar Chop Bread
    
    Filled with sweet apples and sharp cheddar cheese — we love Cabot extra-sharp — this easy pull-apart bread is perfect for parties — autumn or otherwise.
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 large egg 113g lukewarm milk 57g lukewarm water 35g vegetable oil or olive oil  Filling  198g crisp apple, cored and cut into 3/4" to 1" cubes 170g cubed sharp cheddar cheese, Cabot preferred, in 1/2" dice  Glaze (optional)  35g boiled cider 14g milk pinch of salt 170g confectioners' sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients, and mix and knead to make a smooth, elastic dough.  Shape the dough into a ball, place it in a lightly greased bowl or other container, cover it, and let it rise for about 60 minutes, until it's just about doubled in size.  Gently deflate the dough, and place it on a lightly greased work surface; a silicone rolling mat works well here. Pat it into a circle about 15" in diameter.  Scatter the diced apples and cheese over half the circle. Fold the bare half over the filled half, and transfer the filled dough to a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet. Shape the half-moon of dough into an oval.  Using a knife, pizza wheel, or bench knife, cut the dough at 1 1/2" or so intervals both lengthwise and crosswise to make small squares. Leave them in place; no need to separate them.  Cover the pan, and let the dough rise for about 45 minutes; it won't rise much, but will become a bit puffy. While the loaf is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Uncover the loaf, and bake it for about 30 minutes, until it's a light golden brown. Remove it from the oven, and transfer it to a rack to cool slightly.  Pull pieces off the loaf and enjoy. Or wait until the loaf is lukewarm, then drizzle with glaze. Make the glaze by combining all of the glaze ingredients, stirring  until smooth. Add additional milk, if desired, for a thinner glaze.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't have boiled cider? Try substituting apple juice concentrate; you'll probably need to use less milk if you make this substitution. 
    