Apple Oat Bread
    
    Studded with nuts and dried apples, this hearty, whole-grain loaf is excellent toasted on its own or used as a base for a stellar grilled cheese sandwich.
    
       397g boiling water 82g steel-cut oats 85g boiled cider, divided 85g chopped dried apples 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast 198g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 206g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 113g chopped toasted pecans or walnuts 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, pour the boiling water over the steel-cut oats. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the boiled cider and set aside.  In a separate heatproof bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons boiled cider with the dried apple pieces. Cover and microwave for 1 to 2 minutes, to help the apples absorb the cider. Set aside.  Add the salt, cinnamon, yeast, flours, and dry milk to the cooled oat mixture. Mix and knead until you have a soft, slightly sticky dough. Knead in the toasted nuts. Place the dough in a greased bowl, cover, and let rise for about 2 hours, until puffy looking.  Gently flatten the dough into a rough rectangle on a lightly greased or floured surface. Spread with the apples, then roll up and shape into a log, a round, or an oval loaf, whichever you prefer. Place the shaped bread onto slightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet (or into a greased 9" x 5" loaf pan, if you've shaped a log). Cover with greased plastic and let rise for 1 hour, or until puffy looking.  Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F.    Uncover the risen loaf and slash the top. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, until the bread is deep brown and its interior reads 195°F when measured with a digital thermometer.    Remove the bread from the oven, and cool completely before slicing.  Store the bread, tightly wrapped in plastic, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.   
    
    
    