Apple Oatmeal Bread
    
    Apples are great prepared in any fashion, but especially in yeast breads. Not only is the flavor great, but the apples keep the bread moist. One universal favorite apple for baking is Granny Smith, but local markets and farm stands may offer unique regional varieties.
    
       18g active dry yeast 113g warm water 454g warm milk 25g vegetable oil 106g brown sugar 2 teaspoons salt 198g oat flakes or old-fashioned rolled oats 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 602g (approximately) King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 227g coarsely chopped tart apples 113g coarsely chopped walnuts additional oat flakes or rolled oats, for sprinkling in pan and for topping 1 large egg beaten with 14g cold water, for topping 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften.   Add milk, oil, brown sugar, salt, oats, cinnamon, 2 cups flour, apples and walnuts. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes.   Gradually add remaining flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead.   Turn dough out onto a floured surface.   Knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.   Put the dough into an oiled bowl, turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil, and cover with a towel. Let rise in a warm place until puffy, about 1 hour.    Grease two 9" x 5" or 10" x 5" loaf pans, and sprinkle with rolled oats.   Turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface. Divide dough in half.   Shape dough into loaves and place in prepared pans.   Cover with a piece of lightly greased plastic and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.    While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F. Just before baking, brush tops of loaves with egg/water mixture. Sprinkle with additional rolled oats.  Bake for 30 minutes, or until internal temperature of loaves reaches 190°F. Immediately remove bread from pans and cool on a rack, to prevent crust from becoming soggy.  Store, well-wrapped, for 5 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    