Apricot, Raisin & Pecan Bread
    
    Looking for an interesting bread to go with your morning bowl of granola? Using a pre-ferment in the dough (a portion of the flour and water with yeast mixed ahead of time) allows the flavor — sweet, tangy and nutty — and texture — irregular holes and a chewy crust — in this fruit- and nut-laden bread to shine. 
    
     Biga  241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 25g rye (any type) or 28g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 227g water 1/8 teaspoon SAF Gold instant yeast  Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 170g water 2 teaspoons salt 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast 96g dried apricots, chopped 113g raisins, golden or regular 170g pecans, chopped and lightly toasted 
    
     Directions   To make the biga: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine all of the biga ingredients, cover, and set aside for 12 to 24 hours. This pre-ferment is ready to use when it's developed large holes, looks very puffy, and is domed in the center. If the center has fallen, the pre-ferment is overripe but can still be used. Your bread will have slightly more of a tang to it.  To make the dough: Combine the biga, flour, water, salt and yeast — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth and supple dough.  Knead in the apricots, raisins and pecans. (If you're using a bread machine, add them about 5 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle.)  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk, about 2 to 2 1/2 hours, depending on the warmth of your kitchen. If you mixed in a bread machine, remove the bread from the bucket and place it in a bowl to rise.  Gently fold the dough in upon itself and turn it upside-down after 45 minutes, and again at the 1 1/2-hour mark.  When the dough is billowy (but not necessarily doubled in bulk), divide it into three pieces, each weighing approximately 1 pound (454g).  Pre-shape the pieces into loose rounds, let the rounds rest for 15 minutes, covered, then form them into oval loaves (bâtards).  Cover the loaves with greased plastic wrap or a dough cover, and let them rise for 1 hour, or until they're puffy.  The loaves may be baked at this point, but will have better flavor if they're refrigerated, covered, for 4 hours, or up to about 16 hours. Remove the loaves from the refrigerator, and let them rest at room temperature, covered, for 25 to 30 minutes while you're preheating the oven.  If you're using a baking stone, preheat the oven to 475°F for at least 30 minutes. If you're going to bake the loaves on sheet pans, preheat the oven to 450°F.  Just before putting the loaves into the oven, spritz them with water or brush them with an egg white thinned with 2 tablespoons water.  Place the loaves in the oven. If you're using a stone, immediately reduce the oven heat to 375°F. If you're baking on sheet pans, wait 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375°F.  Bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes, until it's dark brown. Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a wire rack.  Store well-wrapped at room temperature for up to 5 days, or frozen for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    