Baked Focaccia Sandwich
    
    Focaccia dough can be pressed thinly, layered with cured meats and cheese, then topped with another layer of dough, to create a filled, finished sandwich in one neatly squared-away package.
    
     Biga  241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 227g water 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast  Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor, optional, but good 170g water 53g olive oil 21g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver, optional, but helpful 2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Filling  113g thin-sliced salami, pepperoni, capicolla, coppa, prosciutto, or ham 227g thin-slices provolone, mozzarella, or fontina 113g grated Parmesan or Asiago cheese  Topping  57g grated Parmesan or Asiago cheese 
    
     Directions   To make the biga: Combine all of the ingredients in a medium-sized bowl, cover the bowl, and let the mixture rest at room temperature for about 12 hours, or overnight.  To make the dough: Combine the biga with all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until the dough is springy and smooth.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and allow it to rise for about 60 minutes. It should get puffy but not double.  To assemble and bake the sandwiches:  Gently deflate the dough, divide it in half, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface.  Cover it, and let it rest for 15 minutes. This gives the gluten a chance to relax, making it easier to roll out.  Working with half the dough at a time, roll it into an 18" x 13" rectangle. Don't worry, if it's not exactly 18" x 13", you can stretch it once it's in the pan.  Transfer the dough to an olive-oiled half-sheet (18" x 13") pan. If you don't have this size pan, use a baking sheet, or whatever size pan you have that's comparable.  Cover the pan with greased plastic wrap or a proof cover, and let the dough rest for 10 minutes.  After its rest, stretch the dough with your fingers to the edges of the pan. This will take some doing, but keep gently working it until it covers (or is close to covering) the bottom of the pan.   Put a layer of provolone, mozzarella, or fontina atop the crust, then a layer of meat.  Top the meat with the cup of grated Parmesan or Asiago.  Roll the other half of the dough into a rectangle large enough to cover the filled crust. Drape it over the filling, and seal it to the bottom crust all the way around.  Cut a small hole in the center, to allow any steam to escape. Cover the focaccia, and let it rise for 30 minutes, while you preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the focaccia for 20 minutes.  Remove it from the oven, sprinkle it with the half cup of Asiago or Parmesan, and return it to the oven. Bake for an additional 15 minutes, or until the focaccia is golden brown, and the cheese is melted.   Remove it from the oven, and transfer it to a rack to cool.   Store the focaccia, well-wrapped, in the fridge for up to 5 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't use anything too moist (e.g., raw vegetables, ricotta cheese) in the filling. The bread will become soggy. Better to stick with cheese and cured meats, maybe some hot oil-packed peppers or sun-dried tomatoes. Also, when constructing the filling, start and end with a layer of cheese. This helps keep the sandwich "glued" together. 
    