Blueberry and Raspberry Charlotte with Custard Sauce
    
    An old-fashioned treat that deserves to be rekindled, a charlotte incorporates leftover slices of bread layered with imperfect  — but still quite delicious — berries, then baked in a mold. It's served with a creamy custard sauce. A charlotte's next-of-kin is a betty, which is thickened with crumbs, not slices.
    
     Charlotte  340g blueberries 241g raspberries 135g sugar 21g quick-cooking tapioca 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 57g butter, optional 340g to 383g of hearty homemade bread  Custard Sauce  1 large egg 1 large egg yolk 25g sugar pinch of salt 227g milk 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 
    
     Directions   Preheat your oven to 350°F. Lightly grease an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan.  In two small saucepans, place the berries. To each add 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon tapioca, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice.   Heat for about 10 minutes or until the sugar is dissolved and the fruit has released its juice. Stir in 2 tablespoons of butter (optional).   While the fruit is cooking, trim the slices of bread into squares, wasting as little as possible. Cut each square into thirds so you have pieces about 1" x 3".  Place bread on bottom and sides of the pan. The pieces on the sides should be upright.  Pour the raspberries on the first layer of bread. Place a layer of bread slices on top of the raspberries.  Pour the blueberries on top of the second layer of bread slices. Put a final layer of slices on top and sprinkle it gently with sugar.  Bake for 20 to 30 minutes. If you're going to serve this hot, it's best to serve it from the pan as it won't keep its shape if you turn it out. If you'd like to chill it, once it's cool, you can turn it out onto a serving platter.  To make the custard sauce: Beat the egg and yolk, sugar and salt together.  In a double boiler, or very carefully in a saucepan, barely heat the milk. Pour a little into the egg mixture, blend it together and pour this back into the saucepan.   Cook slowly, stirring with a wire whisk without letting it come to a boil or it will curdle. When it begins to thicken, remove the pan from heat and stir occasionally to cool it and prevent it from developing a skin. If it does curdle, use an immersion blender to smooth it out.  Add the flavoring.  Serve warm over the chilled charlotte.  Store both the charlotte and the sauce in the fridge for up to 4 days.  
    
    
    