Blueberry Duff (Spotted Dog)
    
    The following recipe is typical of a pudding that was made "down East" in the late summer days of early New England. This version is made with whole wheat flour which old timers were apt to use; it is full of small, wild Maine blueberries; and it's sweetened with old-fashioned sweeteners, brown sugar and molasses. Because our energy needs have diminished somewhat in this century, this version is made without suet or fat of any kind so it will fill you up without filling you out. 
    
       227g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 3/4 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon ginger (or cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, a blend, etc.) 2 large eggs 106g brown sugar* 170g dark, unsulphured molasses* 227g buttermilk 340g wild Maine blueberries (or other berries) * For a lighter taste, use 213g brown sugar and no molasses. 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease a 2-quart pudding mold.  Mix the flour, baking powder, soda, salt and spice(s) together.  In another bowl, beat the eggs and add and beat in the brown sugar, molasses and buttermilk.  Stir the blueberries into the dry ingredients and mix these quickly into the egg/molasses/buttermilk mixture.  Pour the batter into a greased 2-quart pudding mold (it should fill it about two-thirds full).  Secure the lid and place it in a kettle or saucepan that is tall enough so you can put a lid on it. It's important to put something on the bottom of the pan so the steamer isn't directly in contact with it. Crinkled tin foil or a vegetable steamer will do.  Fill the pot with boiling water about two-thirds of the way up the pudding mold.  Cover, bring the water back to a boil and lower the heat to a simmer. Steam for about 2 hours, adding water if necessary.  After the pudding is done, remove it from the water and let it stand for a few minutes.  If it seems to be sticking anywhere, loosen it gently with a knife. Then take a serving plate, upend it over the mold, and turn the pudding out, giving the mold a tap if it's reluctant to let go.  Store, covered, in the fridge for up to 3 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This pudding makes a delicious (and healthy) dessert or snack as is, but you can dress it up by spooning a bit of yogurt sweetened with a little maple syrup over it when you serve it.By the way, going "down East" was a term coined by sailors who were sailing before the prevailing east wind (down wind) along the coast of Maine, which runs east/west, not north/south as a quick glance at a map might make you think. 
    