Butterscotch Apple Sweet Rolls
    
    Tender sweet rolls filled with tangy sweet apples and butterscotch make a warm, bright moment for any breakfast or a snack.
    
     Dough  227g sour cream 28g unsalted butter 99g granulated sugar 1 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast 57g lukewarm water 1 large egg 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  filling  57g unsalted butter 454g (1 1/2 pounds before peeling) tart cooking apples, peeled, cored, and diced or coarsely grated 1/4 teaspoon salt 159g brown sugar, light or dark 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon 28g Instant ClearJel or 14g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Glaze  170g confectioners' sugar 43g to 57g milk or cream 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients in your mixer or the pan of your bread machine set on the dough cycle. Mix and knead until a soft, smooth dough is formed; cover and let rise for an hour if using a mixer, or let the machine finish its cycle.  To make the filling: While the dough is rising, melt the butter in a large skillet. Add the apples and salt, and cook over medium heat for 3 minutes, until the apples begin to soften. Combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and ClearJel or flour and sprinkle over the apples. Stir until the apples are coated; cook for 1 more minute. Remove the pan from the heat and cool to room temperature.   To assemble: Grease a 9" x 13" or 15" square pan. After the dough's first rise, spray your work surface with non-stick spray and roll the dough out to an 11" x 16" rectangle.   Spread the cooled apple filling over the dough, leaving 1/2" bare along one long side. Roll the dough into a log the long way (starting at the side with filling); roll gently to lengthen the log to 18", if it hasn't already lengthened itself. Slice into 12 rolls, each 1 1/2" wide. Place the rolls, cut side up, in the prepared pan. Cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes while you preheat the oven to 350°F.   To bake: Uncover the rolls and bake for 28 to 30 minutes, until they're puffy and golden brown. Remove them from the oven and cool on a rack until lukewarm.  To glaze: While the rolls are cooling, combine the confectioners' sugar, milk or cream, and vanilla. Drizzle over the lukewarm rolls, and serve. Store any leftover rolls, well-wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 12 rolls.  
    
    
    