Butter Roll-Ups
    
    These really aren't crescent rolls, since we prefer to leave them just plain log-shaped. But if you want to make them into crescent rolls, follow the directions below, bending them into the characteristic curve after they've been rolled up.
    
     Dough  283g milk 46g potato flour 36g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver, optional, but helpful 113g butter 2 teaspoons salt (use 1 3/4 teaspoons if you're using salted butter)  50g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or 482g Pastry Flour Blend  Topping  85g butter, melted 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or machine — stirring and kneading to form as smooth, supple dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a proof cover, and allow it to rise for about 1 hour, or until it's puffy. Don't worry about it doubling in bulk, because it probably won't.   To shape and bake the rolls: Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface.  Divide it in half, and roll each half into a 14" circle. Brush each circle with about 1 tablespoon melted butter.   Cut each circle into 8 or 12 pie-shaped wedges.  Starting with an outer edge, roll each piece up towards its point. Pinch the point to the bottom of the roll to seal it.  Lightly grease (or line with parchment) two baking sheets.  Place the rolls on the baking sheet, with the points tucked underneath. Cover them with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow them to rise for about 90 minutes, or until they're puffy (though they won't be doubled in bulk).   While the rolls are rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Brush the rolls with 2 tablespoons of butter before you put them in the oven.  Bake them for 18 to 20 minutes, until they're a light, golden brown. Don't let them get deep brown, as they'll dry out and become tough. These rolls are designed to be soft and a bit squishy.  Remove the rolls from the oven, and brush them with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter.  Store at room temperature for up to 3 days or up to a month in the freezer.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you make a total of 16 rolls rather than 24, each will be larger and more likely to hold its crescent shape.For cheese rolls, brush the rolled-out dough with butter, then sprinkle it with the cheese (or cheese powder) of your choice. Cut, roll and bake as directed above. 
    