Candied Cherry and Almond Biscotti
    
    We feature the classic flavor combination of cherries and almonds in this crisp, elegant, easy-to-package holiday biscotti recipe. The candied cherries lend color and cheer, while the delicate toasted almond flavor might make you think of roasting nuts on an open fire.
    
       85g unsalted butter 131g sugar 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon almond extract 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 2 large eggs 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g sliced almonds, toasted 198g candied cherries bittersweet chocolate, for coating (we like Guittard Bittersweet Onyx Wafers) 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a biscotti pan (see "tips," below, for a substitute pan suggestion).  Beat the butter, sugar, salt, extracts, and baking powder until smooth and creamy.   Beat in the eggs; the batter may look slightly curdled.   Stir in the flour; the dough will be smooth and sticky.   Stir in the almonds and cherries.  Place the dough into the prepared biscotti pan, leaving a ¾" margin free on each side of the pan to allow for expansion. Smooth the top of the dough with a wet spatula or bowl scraper.  Bake the dough for 35 minutes; remove it from the oven, and cool for 1 hour. Turn it out of the pan.  Slice the log diagonally into 1/2" to 3/4"-thick pieces. Place them on edge onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.   Preheat the oven to 325°F. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown. Remove the biscotti from the oven, and allow them to cool right on the baking sheet.   Once the biscotti are completely cool, melt the chocolate, and dip the ends of the biscotti into the melted chocolate.    Yield: 12 to 18 large biscotti.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have a biscotti pan, lightly grease a baking sheet (or line it with parchment). Turn the dough out onto the baking sheet, and form it into a flattened log about 13" x 3". Bake the biscotti for 30 to 35 minutes; let cool for 15 to 20 minutes. Continue with the recipe beginning at step #8.   
    