Cheese on Toast
    
    Is there any other light supper dish quite so comforting as melted cheese on toast? Welsh Rabbit (a.k.a. Welsh Rarebit) has been a mainstay of easy suppers, on both sides of the Atlantic, for centuries. And when the cheese is sharp cheddar, and the bread homemade — well, it just doesn't get any better. 
    
     Cheese  42g butter 42g to 57g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour, divided 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard or 1 teaspoon prepared mustard, optional 1 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce, optional 1/2 teaspoon salt a pinch of cayenne pepper, optional 113g beer or ale* 283g milk: skim, low-fat, full-fat, evaporated, half & half, or light cream 227g shredded sharp cheddar cheese *Don't want to use beer or ale? See tip, below.  Toast  6 thick slices toast, your choice of bread; see tips, below, for our favorites 
    
     Directions   In a saucepan set over medium heat, melt the butter, then stir in 3 tablespoons of the flour, the dry mustard, Worcestershire, salt, and cayenne until well combined.  Gradually stir in the beer or ale, whisking until no lumps remain and the sauce is thick.  Put the remaining 3 to 5 tablespoons flour in a bowl or measuring cup. Whisk in the milk, stirring vigorously to avoid lumps. Pour the milk mixture into the saucepan, whisking constantly until all the milk is added and the mixture is smooth. Cook until very hot, but not simmering.  Gradually add the cheese, again stirring constantly until the cheese is melted. Reduce the heat to low, and stir the sauce occasionally as you prepare the toast.  Slice bread 3/4" to 1" thick and toast until it's golden brown on the outside, yet still a bit soft inside. A large capacity toaster oven or 4-slice toaster is a good choice here.  Butter the toast, if desired. Place each piece on a plate, and pour on the cheese sauce. Serve hot.  Yield: 6 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For a deluxe comfort dish, choose your favorite plain white bread, such as our recipe for English Muffin Toasting Bread. Other good choices include Oatmeal Toasting and Sandwich Bread, and 100% Whole Wheat Sandwich Bread.Don't like beer or ale? A dry white wine is good, too, adding a touch of fondue flavor. If you're after something completely non-alcoholic, substitute 1/2 cup milk.Want to make a Kentucky Hot Brown sandwich? You'll find the directions in our blog; see link above. 
    