Cherry Almond Honeyed Fantans
    
    These delicious sweet rolls include the nutritional goodness and added protein of soy and whole wheat flours, and the super taste combination of cherries and almonds.
    
       1 tablespoon active dry yeast 113g warm water 454g warm milk 1 teaspoon almond extract 28g butter, softened 1 teaspoon salt 35g granulated sugar 25g soy flour 113g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 142g sweetened tart cherries 142g chopped almonds 106g brown sugar 170g honey 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften.  Add milk, almond extract, butter, salt, granulated sugar, soy flour, whole wheat flour, and 1 cup unbleached flour.  Gradually add remaining flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead.   Turn dough out onto a floured surface. Knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.  Put the dough into an oiled bowl, turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a towel, and let rise until puffy, about 1 hour.  Combine cherries, almonds and brown sugar. Set aside.  Grease or spray two 12-well muffin pans.  Turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface. Roll into an 18" x 12" rectangle.  Sprinkle the cherry mixture on two-thirds of the dough, leaving a 1/2" border around the edges.  Fold the uncovered third of dough over the center third. Press the half 1/2" border along the top and bottom to seal.   Fold the double thickness of dough over the final third of dough. You will have a 6" x 12" packet. There will be three layers of dough and two layers of cherry filling. Press the edges to seal.  Carefully roll the dough into a rectangle 18" x 12". Be careful not to break the dough open.  Fold the dough into thirds. Cover with a towel and let rest on the work surface for 10 minutes.  With a sharp knife, cut the dough into three 12" long strips. Cut each strip into eight equal pieces.   Place each piece, cut side up, into a well-greased muffin tin.  Cover with a towel, and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.  While the rolls are rising, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Just before putting into the oven, drizzle 2 teaspoons of honey over the top of each fantan. Bake for 10 to 13 minutes, or until done. Be careful not to bake them too long, or the honey gets chewy.  Let cool 5 minutes, then remove from pan and cool on a rack.  Store, well-wrapped, for 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    