Cherry Almond Panettone
    
    Sweet cherries, rich chocolate, and crunchy almonds take panettone to new heights.
    
     Starter  120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/16 teaspoon instant yeast 113g cool water  Dough  all of the starter 85g unsalted butter 2 large eggs 57g lukewarm water 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/2 teaspoon almond extract 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 43g potato flour 35g granulated sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 135g dried cherries, chopped 135g toasted almonds, chopped 85g chocolate chips or chunks 2 tablespoons pearl or white sparkling sugar (optional, to top loaves) 
    
     Directions   Combine the starter ingredients in a small mixing bowl, cover, and allow to rest overnight (8 to 12 hours) at room temperature. If using a bread machine, do this right in the bucket.  Combine the starter with the remaining dough ingredients, excluding the cherries, almonds, chocolate chips, and pearl or sparkling sugar; mix, then knead to make a soft, shiny, slightly sticky dough. This dough is difficult to fully develop by hand; we strongly recommend using a mixer or bread machine to knead the dough. Knead in the fruit, nuts, and chocolate chips at the end.  Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or till it's puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk.   Gently deflate the dough, and form it into a ball. Place it in a panettone pan (paper or metal); or other straight-sided, tall, 1 1/2 to 2 quart pan. Cover the pan and let the dough rise till the middle is crested over the rim of the pan, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Toward the end of the rising time, move your oven rack to a low position and preheat the oven to 350°F.   Spritz the dough with water, then sprinkle with the pearl or sparkling sugar. If using a paper panettone pan, place the bread on a baking sheet  Bake the bread for 55 to 65 minutes; check the bread after about 45 minutes, tenting it with foil if it's browning too quickly. The loaf is fully baked when an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F or above.   Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack. If baked in a metal pan, cool for 10 minutes before turning out onto a rack. If baked in a paper pan, cool completely right in the pan.     Yield: 1 large loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Baker's tip: To take the bread's temperature, you don't have to poke even a small hole in its pretty top. Turn the bread out of the pan, and insert the thermometer through the bottom of the loaf. Or, if you're using a paper pan, push the thermometer probe right through the paper. It'll leave a small, barely noticeable hole.   
    