Chewy Parmesan Breadsticks
    
    Crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside, the breadsticks in this recipe approximate a New York salt stick. Made from a dough similar to that of bagels, and boiled before baking, also as for bagels, this is the perfect, toothsome snack to really sink your jaws into.
    
     Dough  227g lukewarm water 7g non-diastatic malt powder 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast 113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 82g semolina flour 177g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 57g freshly grated, lightly packed Parmesan cheese  Water Bath  1814g water 14g non-diastatic malt powder  Egg Wash  1 large egg beaten lightly with 1 tablespoon water kosher or coarse sea salt, for topping 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine the dough ingredients, gradually adding the flour and withholding the cheese — by hand, machine, or bread machine — to form an elastic, stiff dough.  Mix in the Parmesan before you add the last 1/4 to 1/2 cup of flour, and knead the dough until the cheese is well-distributed throughout. The finished dough should be smooth, but  on the stiff side.  Transfer the dough to an ungreased bowl, cover the bowl, and let the dough rise until it is puffy, about 1 1/2 hours. Transfer the dough to a clean work surface.  Preheat the oven to 425°F. Lightly grease (or line with parchment) several baking sheets.  To shape and bake the breadsticks: Punch down the dough, let it rest, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes, then roll it out to a 12" x 12" square.  Place a large, deep pot containing the water bath ingredients onto the stove, and bring the water to a boil.  Use a sharp knife or rolling pizza wheel to cut the dough into 32 equal pieces, approximately 3/4" wide by 6" long. (See "tips", below.)  When the water has come to a full boil, turn the heat down to a gentle, rolling boil, and drop in 4 or 5 pieces of dough at a time.  Boil for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until the dough has risen to the surface of the water and puffed noticeably. Don't let them boil any longer than this or they may deflate.   Drain each piece well with a slotted spoon or skimmer-type utensil, and carefully transfer to the baking sheets.  Brush each bread stick gently with the egg wash and sprinkle lightly with salt.  Bake the bread sticks for 15 to 20 minutes.   Turn the bread sticks over and bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes, until golden brown.   Transfer to a cooling rack.   Store, well-wrapped, for 24 hours at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The easiest way to shape the bread sticks is to cut the dough into 16 equal pieces in the vertical direction, then cut those in half with one swipe in the horizontal direction.  If you want, you can roll each piece a bit under your fingers to form more of a log shape. On the other hand, you can leave the pieces as they are, and they'll look more "stick-like." 
    