Chewy Semolina Rye Bread
    
    This recipe comes from reader Christine Heyn. She writes, "My family just loves the Italian bread I make with King Arthur flours using semolina and bread flour. I decided to try combining semolina with rye and bread flour to make a hearty sandwich loaf. I hope you like the results as much as we do and will share it with your readers." We love this bread — the dough is very easy to work with, the texture is soft (but chewy), and the taste is delicious. Thanks, Christine! 
    
     Dough  255g lukewarm water 14g sugar 18g olive oil 11g minced dried onion 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 11g vital wheat gluten, optional; for higher rise 113g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 106g pumpernickel flour or Perfect Rye Flour Blend 163g semolina 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Topping  poppy, sesame, or the seeds of your choice 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, or in the bucket of your bread machine, combine all of the dough ingredients.  Mix, then knead — by hand, mixer or bread machine — until you've made a smooth, slightly sticky dough. Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 hour.  Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into a round or oval loaf; place the loaf on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Or shape the dough into an 8" log, and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pan.  Cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let it rise until it's very puffy, about 60 to 90 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat your oven to 400°F with a rack in the center.  Remove the plastic. Spritz the loaf with water, and sprinkle it with the seeds of your choice, if desired.   Bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes, tenting it with aluminum foil after 20 minutes to prevent over-browning. When the loaf is fully baked, a digital thermometer inserted into its center should register 190°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, and place it on a rack to cool. If it's in a loaf pan, turn it out of the pan onto the rack. Cool completely before slicing. Store the well-wrapped bread at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 1 loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Seeds are an optional topping, but add nice flavor and crunch. Our Artisan Bread Topping or Everything Bread & Bagel Topping are both great choices. To ensure that the seeds stick, it is helpful  to brush the dough with an egg wash (1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon of water) before adding the seeds. 
    