Cinnamon-Swirl Pumpkin Rolls
    
    These cinnamon-roll lookalikes are made with a golden, pumpkin-scented dough and lots of spice. Read our blog about these rolls, with additional photos, at Flourish. 
    
     Dough  227g canned pumpkin or squash 2 large eggs 28 to 57g lukewarm water* 57g soft butter 298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 198g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, optional 43g brown sugar, light or dark 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast *Adjust the amount of water by the time of year or your climate. For summer, or in a humid enivronment, use the lesser amount of water. In winter, or in a dry climate, use the greater amount. It's always best to start with the lesser amount; you can   Filling  113g Baker's Cinnamon Filling* 43g water 57g minced crystallized ginger, raisins, or dried cranberries, optional *Substitute 3/4 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon for the Baker's Cinnamon Filling and water, if desired. If you use sugar and cinnamon, DO NOT ADD THE WATER.  Glaze  113g glazing or confectioners' 14g butter 21g milk, or enough to make a "drizzlable" glaze 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until you've made a soft, fairly smooth dough.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours, until it's almost doubled in bulk.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface. Roll it into a 14" x 22" rectangle; the dough will be thin.   Mix the cinnamon filling and water. Spread a thin layer over the dough, leaving one short edge free of filling.   Sprinkle with crystallized ginger or dried fruit (or both), if desired.   Starting with the short end that's covered with filling, roll the dough into a log.   Cut the log into nine 1 ½"-thick rolls.   Place the rolls into a lightly greased 9" x 9" pan that's at least 2" deep. Set aside, covered, to rise for 1 hour, or until the rolls look puffy.  Bake the rolls in a preheated 375°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, until they're lightly browned and feel set. Remove them from the oven, and set them on a rack. Turn them out of the pan, and allow them to cool for about 15 minutes. Towards the end of the cooling time, make the glaze.  To make the glaze: Heat the butter and milk together till the butter melts. Whisk into the sugar.  Drizzle the warm rolls with the warm glaze. Sprinkle with chopped nuts, if desired.   Yield: 9 rolls.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For a glaze that stays white and remains on top of the rolls, rather than partially melting in, allow the rolls to cool completely before glazing. 
    