Cinnamon-Apple Raisin Challah
    
    Challah is typically made as a long, braided loaf, its crust a shiny golden brown from a glaze of beaten egg applied before baking. But Rosh Hashanah challah, which celebrates the Jewish new year, often appears in a spiral — signifying the circle of life. This particular challah is studded with fresh apple and raisins, and rolled in an aromatic coating of cinnamon-sugar — autumn flavors to complement the September Rosh Hashanah holiday. 
    
     Dough  113g lukewarm water 74g vegetable oil 2 large eggs 43g honey 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 3/4 teaspoons salt 4 teaspoons instant yeast, SAF Gold instant yeast preferred* 128g raisins, regular, golden, or a mixture 78g diced apple (1/2" cubes); leave the skin on, if you like   *If you use regular (SAF Red) instant yeast, you'll see an increase in your rising times.  Glaze  1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water cinnamon-sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them, by hand, mixer, or bread machine, until you have a soft, smooth dough.   Allow the dough to rise, covered, for about 1 to 2 hours (or more, if you don't use SAF Gold yeast), or until it's puffy though probably not doubled in bulk.    Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface.   Pat and roll the dough into a 36" rope, tapering one end. Poke any raisins or apple bits sticking out of the dough back underneath the dough's surface; this will help prevent them from burning in the oven. Sprinkle the dough with cinnamon-sugar, rolling it around to coat as completely as possible.  Starting with the tapered end, coil the rope loosely into a lightly greased 9" round cake pan, starting at the center and working outwards.   Cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap (or place it in a proof box), and let it rise until it's very puffy, 60 to 90 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Whisk together the egg white and 1 tablespoon water, and brush this glaze over the risen loaf. Sprinkle with additional cinnamon-sugar, if desired.  Place the cake pan atop a baking sheet; this will insulate the bread's bottom crust, and keep it from browning too much. Put the challah in the lower third of the oven, and bake it for 20 minutes.   Tent the challah loosely with aluminum foil, and bake for an additional 18 to 22 minutes, until the loaf is golden brown. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register 200°F or above.  Remove the bread from the oven, and place it on a rack to cool.  Yield: one 9" spiral challah.  
    
    
    