Cornbread
    
    This cornbread is a rare compromise between Southern and Northern cornbreads: it's "just right," as far as the amount of sugar. It's tender and moist, with a balanced corn flavor. While delicious just as it is, this recipe can also accommodate all kinds of personal touches. Feel free to add some cheese, green onions, corn kernels, jalapeño peppers, cooked sausage, or any combination of these suggestions. The combined volume of your add-ins should be a maximum of 1 cup.  Our guarantee: This cornbread will bake up light and tender, not dry, and have a moist crumb.
    
       213g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 156g cornmeal 50g sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon salt, to taste 283g milk 113g unsalted butter, melted and cooled* 1 large egg *For moister cornbread, substitute 1/4 cup vegetable oil or corn oil for 4 tablespoons (1/4 cup) of the butter. 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 375°F. Lightly grease a 9" square or round pan (a cast iron skillet will work fine, too), shallow 1 1/2 quart casserole dish, or 12 muffin cups.  In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.   Stir in any desired herbs, cheese, corn kernels, or other flavorings.   In another bowl or large measuring cup, whisk together the milk, melted butter, vegetable oil (if you're using it), and egg.   Pour the liquid all at once into the flour mixture, stirring quickly and gently until just combined.   Spread the batter into the prepared pan, or scoop into the muffin tin.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the edges just begin to pull away from the pan and a cake tester or paring knife inserted in the center comes out clean.  Remove from the oven and cool on a rack for 5 minutes before cutting; serve warm.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Add-ins will increase the baking time by 5 minutes.Don't over mix: stir the batter just enough to bring it together and evenly moisten the ingredients.If you decide to add creamed corn, decrease the milk in the recipe by 1/3 cup.If you like a crispier crust on your cornbread, grease a cast-iron pan and place it in the oven for 10 minutes to heat. Scoop the batter into the hot pan and return it to the oven to bake as directed. Check on the cornbread after 15 minutes. Want to make mini loaves? Use three 3 1/4" x 5 3/4" x 2 1/4" mini loaf pans. Use 1/3 (1 cup) of the batter per pan. Bake in a preheated 375°F oven for 23 to 25 minutes. When done, the loaves will be golden brown on top, firm to the touch, and a tester inserted in the middle will come out clean.  Cornbread isn't just an accompaniment to chili anymore. It can be dressed up to go with most any dish. Stir in any of these extra ingredients, or experiment with some of your own.  Corn and Scallion  1/2 cup (2 ounces) fresh/cooked or frozen/thawed corn kernels 1/2 cup (about 1 1/2 ounces) chopped scallions (3 or 4 scallions, white and green part)  Bacon, Cheddar and Chive  1/4 cup (4 ounces) cooked, crumbled bacon  3/4 cup (3 ounces) grated cheddar cheese 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives  Cranberry-Walnut  1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) dried cranberries 1/2 cup (2 ounces) chopped walnuts  
    