Cranberry Orange Rolls
    
    Move over, cinnamon buns! Instead of cinnamon and sugar, we've filled these moist, tender breakfast rolls with tart-sweet cranberry orange spread (homemade or purchased). Top them off with a luscious orange glaze for a decadent holiday treat.
    
     Dough  152g lukewarm water 57g orange juice 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 57g soft unsalted butter 1/4 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia 2 teaspoons SAF Gold instant yeast 25g sugar 3/4 teaspoon salt 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 46g potato flour  Filling*  57g orange juice 71g light brown sugar   99g fresh or frozen cranberries 57g dried cranberries pinch of salt 14g melted butter *Use 3/4 cup prepared cranberry-orange jam, spread, or conserve, if desired.  Icing  113g confectioners' sugar 3 to 5 drops Fiori di Sicilia 14g to 28g orange juice 
    
     Directions   To make the rolls: Mix and knead all the ingredients together to make a soft, smooth dough.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover, and let it rise until nearly doubled in bulk, about 60 minutes.   To make the filling: Combine all of the filling ingredients except the melted butter in a small, heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened. Remove from the heat, and stir in the melted butter. Set aside to cool.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface. Pat it into a 16" x 12" rectangle.  Spread  the filling evenly over the dough.  Roll the dough into a log starting with a short edge; pinch the seam closed.   Cut the log into 9 slices.   Place the rolls into a lightly greased 9" square ceramic baker (or see "tips" below), cover, and let them rise until noticeably puffy, about 45 to 60 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the rolls until they're brown around the edges and golden brown in the center, about 25 to 35 minutes; tent with foil if they appear to be browning too quickly.  To make the icing: Combine the sugar, Fiori, and enough orange juice to make a spreadable icing.  Let the rolls cool for 10 minutes, then spread with the icing and serve. Store any leftovers well-wrapped, at room temperature, for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  We prefer SAF Gold instant yeast for our sweet breads and rolls, but use SAF Red if that's what you have on hand. Just be sure to allow extra time for rising.If you don't have Fiori di Sicilia, substitute 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in the rolls, and 1/2 teaspoon in the glaze.You can bake these rolls in a 9" square metal pan, reducing the bake time by about 5 minutes. 
    