Cream Cheese Cinnamon Buns
    
    These cinnamon buns are irresistibly flaky and tender; a layer of cream cheese adds richness to their filling. Thanks to Red Star Yeast, one of our valued partners, for this recipe. 
    
     Dough  170g lukewarm milk 1 large egg 1 large egg yolk 113g unsalted butter, softened 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 ¼ teaspoons Red Star Platinum, Active Dry or Quick Rise yeast 25g light brown sugar ¾ teaspoon salt ½ teaspoon vanilla extract  Filling  28g finely chopped walnuts 28g finely chopped pecans 163g Baker's Cinnamon Filling* 57g water* 227g cream cheese, softened, for spreading and folding in the dough *See substitute in tips, below.  Icing  1 ½ tablespoons milk 85g confectioners' sugar or glazing sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients to make a smooth, soft dough.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or in an 8-cup measure; the measure helps you judge how much it's risen. Let it rise until it's almost double in size, about 2 hours.   To make the filling: Combine the nuts in one bowl, and the Baker's Cinnamon Filling and water (or substitute ingredients) in another.   Roll the dough into a 14" x 12" rectangle. Spread the softened cream cheese evenly over the surface.    Fold one short end into the center. Fold the other short end over the first, like you were folding a letter.   Roll the dough into a 14" x 12" rectangle again, and fold it like a letter again.   Roll the dough into a 12" x 18" rectangle. Spread the cinnamon filling evenly over the dough, followed by the nuts.   Beginning with one long edge, roll the dough into a log. Cut the log into 9 equal slices. Place the slices in a greased 9" square or 10" square baking pan, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise for 2 hours. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the rolls for 30 to 35 minutes, until they're golden brown. Remove the rolls from the oven.   To ice, whisk together the sugar and milk, drizzle icing over the buns, and serve warm.   Yield: 9 buns.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  No Baker's Cinnamon Filling on hand? Substitute the following: 1/3 cup (2 5/8 ounces) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup (7 1/4 ounces) brown sugar, packed; and 3 tablespoons (3/4 ounce) ground cinnamon. OMIT the ¼ cup water.Want fresh-baked, oven-warm buns in the morning? Prepare the buns through their rise in the pan (step 8). Cover and refrigerator overnight. Next day, allow the buns to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes before baking; you may need to increase the baking time by a few minutes. If you ice the buns while they're warm, the icing will soak in and disappear. If you want the icing to stay on top, remove the buns from the oven, and turn them out of the pan onto a rack to cool. When completely cool, drizzle with icing.   
    