Crunchy Breadsticks
    
    These light, crunchy sticks, made from a fairly typical pizza dough, can be left plain, coated with seeds or crushed nuts, or anointed with a flavored oil before baking. Place them upright in a tall glass or clean vase, and set them on a low table within kids' easy reach, or serve with soup or salad.
    
       298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 teaspoon salt 18g Easy-Roll Dough Improver, optional but helpful 7g Pizza Dough Flavor, optional but good 25g Bakers' Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 39g olive oil (plus 12g to brush atop the breadsticks before baking) 227g water toasted sesame seeds or other seeds/ seed blends of your choice, for topping 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients except the topping, and mix and knead them together — by hand, mixer or bread machine — until you've made a soft, smooth dough.   Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 to 1 1/2 hours.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and roll it into a 10" x 20" rectangle.  Brush the dough lightly with olive oil, and sprinkle it with the topping of your choice.   Roll the dough gently with a rolling pin to press in the topping.  Use a pizza wheel or a sharp knife to cut the dough (the short way) into 1/4" to 1/2" wide strips.  Twist the ends of each strip in opposite directions to make a "twist," and place the sticks on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets.  Let the breadsticks rest, covered, for 30 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 425°F.  Bake them for 12 to 14 minutes, or until they're golden brown. These go from pale to golden to burned very quickly. Pay close attention to them as they get around the 10-minute mark.  Remove from the oven and let cool a few minutes before serving.  Store any leftover breadsticks in an airtight container for up to 5 days at room temperature.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Instead of olive oil, you could brush the dough with an egg white beaten with a tablespoon of water. This may make the sticks just marginally less tasty, but the seeds will adhere much better.  
    