Cumin Cornmeal Buns with Green Chili-Cheese Butter
    
    These soft, golden pan rolls, with the distinctive sweetness of whole-germ cornmeal, are a treat hot out of the oven. Serve them at lunch or dinner with the accompanying chili-cheese butter, or for a very distinctive breakfast treat, with butter and hot pepper jelly alongside scrambled eggs or a Western omelette.
    
     Cumin Cornmeal Buns  11g active dry yeast or 2 teaspoons instant yeast 113g lukewarm (110°F) water 227g milk 113g buttermilk 138g whole cornmeal 99g sugar 113g butter or margarine, softened 2 large eggs 2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon cumin powder 723g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g additional butter or margarine, melted additional cumin powder, to taste  Green Chili-Cheese Butter  113g unsalted butter 113g green chilis, chopped and drained 1/4 teaspoon salt 3/4 teaspoon sugar 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon Tabasco sauce, to taste 43g  sharp Cheddar cheese 
    
     Directions   To make the buns: Dissolve the yeast in the lukewarm water, and let it sit until foamy, about 10 minutes.  Meanwhile, heat the milk and buttermilk until barely warm.  When the yeast is foamy, add the milk/buttermilk, cornmeal, sugar, butter or margarine, eggs, salt, cumin powder and 2 cups of flour. Beat the mixture until well blended.  Add enough of the remaining flour to make a stiff dough, suitable for kneading.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.  Place the dough in a well-greased bowl, turning to coat all sides, and cover. Let it rise until not quite doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.   Lightly grease two deep-dish 12" pizza pans or two 9" x 13" pans.  Deflate the dough and divide it into two pieces. Roll each piece into a 12" x 8" rectangle.  Spread each rectangle with some of the melted butter or margarine (leaving about half to spread on rolls before baking), and sprinkle lightly with cumin powder.  Roll the rectangles up, starting with the long end, and pinch the edges to seal.   Cut each log into 12 buns. Place the buns in the pans.  Spread the buns with remaining butter or margarine, and sprinkle lightly with cumin. Cover them and let them rise until almost doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.   Toward the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Bake the buns for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown.  Store the buns in an airtight container, at room temperature for up to 5 days.  To make the butter: Place all of the ingredients into the bowl of a food processor or blender and blend until smooth.  Store the butter, covered, in the fridge for up to 2 weeks.  
    
    
    