Dark Ginger Quickbread
    
    This quickbread, because it's so moist and dense, won't dome up as it bakes; it'll remain flat across the top, and may even sink a bit in the center. But that's the nature of the beast; once it's cut in slices, it's shape won't be important. Since it keeps well, and even improves in flavor after a couple of days, we suggest making this loaf on Friday, if you're hosting a Sunday brunch. Wrap it well in plastic wrap, and store it at room temperature. Just before serving, slice it in thin pieces, and array the pieces on a plate with other quickbreads, or in a basket.
    
     Batter  206g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon ginger 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg 1/2 teaspoon cardamom 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda 64g crystallized ginger, minced 113g butter 103g brown sugar 99g granulated sugar 21g molasses 2 eggs 28g crushed or grated fresh ginger 113g buttermilk  Topping  46g diced or sliced crystallized ginger, minced 7g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan.  To make the topping: In a mini food processor or blender combine the flour and ginger. Set aside.  To make the batter: Combine 1/2 cup of the flour, the spices, salt, baking soda and crystallized ginger in a mini-processor or blender, processing until the ginger is finely chopped. Set aside.  In a large mixing bowl, beat together the butter, sugars and molasses until smooth, then beat in the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Add the grated or crushed ginger root, then beat the dry ingredients (including the remaining flour) into the mixture alternately with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients.  Spoon the batter into the pan, and sprinkle the topping mix on the batter, pressing slightly to adhere.  Bake the bread in a preheated 350°F oven for 50 minutes, or until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean.  Cool the loaf in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn it out onto a rack to cool completely.  Store, well-wrapped, for a week at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    