Dutch Oven Dinner Rolls
    
    Soft and tender on the inside, crispy on the bottom, these are not your ordinary dinner rolls. We've used a Dutch oven to achieve these decadently buttery, dual-textured buns that are clear winners when it comes to either sopping up leftover juice from an extravagant holiday roast or dipping into a warming bowl of soup.
    
     Dough  177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 170g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 50g buttermilk powder, 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 14g non-diastatic malt powder or 25g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 227g lukewarm water 57g soft unsalted butter 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Topping  57g unsalted butter, divided 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Weigh the flours; you’ll find their weight by toggling to “ounces” at the top of the ingredient section above. Or measure by gently spooning into a cup, then sweeping off any excess. Combine all the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set to the dough cycle — until a soft, smooth dough forms.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl, cover, and allow it to rise until almost doubled in bulk, about 90 minutes.  To prepare the topping: While your dough is rising, set a 4 to 5 quart Dutch oven over medium-low heat.   Add 3 tablespoons of butter to the pot and heat until melted. Remove the pot from the stove and set aside.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface. Divide the dough into 12 pieces and shape each piece into a smooth ball.  Place the rolls into the pot on top of the melted butter. Cover the pot with its lid and let the rolls rise until they fill the pan, 45 to 60 minutes.  Towards the end of the rising time preheat the oven to 400°F.  Transfer the covered pot to the oven, and bake the rolls for 15 minutes. Remove the lid from the pot, and bake the rolls for another 8 to 10 minutes, until golden brown.  Remove the pot from the oven, and set it on a rack to cool.   Melt the remaining tablespoon of butter, and brush over the warm rolls in the pot.  Serve the rolls warm or at room temperature.  Store the rolls, well wrapped in plastic, for several days at room temperature; freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    