Easy Pumpkin Bread
    
    Whenever we have a company gathering, this pumpkin bread is one of the first things to disappear. Super-moist and packed with flavor, it can be made into a simple pumpkin loaf; or enhanced with chocolate chips and/or nuts. Or raisins. Or cinnamon chips. Or...  
    
       198g vegetable oil 528g granulated sugar 4 large eggs 425g canned pumpkin (not pumpkin pie filling) 152g water 400g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon nutmeg 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 113g chopped walnuts or pecans, optional 255g chocolate chips, optional coarse white sugar for sprinkling on top, optional 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease two 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pans (if you're making the plain version of the bread); two 9" x 5" loaf pans (if you're adding chocolate chips and nuts); or one of each, if you're making one plain loaf, and one loaf with chips and nuts.  In a large bowl, beat together the oil, sugar, eggs, pumpkin, and water.   Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, and vanilla, stirring to combine.  Mix in the chips and nuts, if you're using them. To make one loaf with chips/nuts, one loaf without, divide the batter in half. Leave one half plain, and add 3/4 cup chips and 1/2 cup nuts to the other half.  Spoon the batter into the prepared pans. Sprinkle the tops of the loaves with coarse sparkling sugar, if desired.  Bake the bread for 60 to 80 minutes, or until a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean; and that same tester inserted about 1/2" into the top of the loaf doesn't encounter any totally unbaked batter.   Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack. When it's completely cool, wrap it well in plastic wrap, and store it overnight before serving.  Yield: 2 loaves.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Can you use your own homemade puréed pumpkin? Sure. Just be aware that it'll probably be thinner than canned pumpkin, so you'd want to add a bit more flour. Results may vary...Want to add a simple icing? Just before serving, drizzle with a mixture of 1 cup confectioners' or glazing sugar, 2 tablespoons melted butter, and 1 tablespoon milk.  How about making gift loaves? This recipe makes eight 3" x 5" loaves, with the addition of the chips and nuts. Bake the loaves for about 45 to 60 minutes; start testing at 45 minutes, and remove from the oven when a toothpick inserted into the center of one of the loaves comes out free of crumbs.Variation: substitute diced crystallized ginger (mini diced ginger), golden raisins, or dried cranberries for the chocolate chips and/or nuts.  
    