Fig and Walnut Sourdough
    
    This robust, crusty sourdough is studded with rich figs and crunchy walnuts. It's a terrific partner for any artisanal cheese. If you don't have figs, dried cranberries are a tasty and colorful substitute.
    
       283g ripe (fed) sourdough starter 1 cup water 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1/4 teaspoon instant yeast (optional) 85g diced dried fig or cranberries 85g walnuts, roughly chopped 
    
     Directions   Combine the starter, water, and flour in the bowl of your mixer just until smooth. Cover the bowl and let the mixture sit (autolyse) for 1 hour.   After an hour, add the salt and yeast (if using), and knead the dough with your mixer's dough hook on medium speed for 5 to 7 minutes. Just before the kneading is done, mix in the figs or cranberries.   Stop the mixer and add the walnuts, using a dough scraper to fold them gently into the dough. Cover the bowl again and let the dough rise at room temperature for 40 to 60 minutes.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface (it will be fairly wet and possibly a bit sticky).   Scoop up the edge of the dough with your dough scraper and bring it to the center, pressing down. Give the circle of dough a quarter turn counterclockwise, and repeat three or four more times. You're stretching the dough a bit and rounding it at the same time. For two smaller loaves, divide the dough in half and round each.    Flour the banetton(s) you want to use, or a tea towel placed inside a bowl with a shape you find pleasing. Place the rounded dough into the banetton or bowl, bottom side up, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.  The next morning, preheat the oven to 450°F with a baking stone in the lower third. Put 1" of water into a small skillet that can go into the oven. Take your breads out of the refrigerator. They may not have risen a lot; that's OK.   Bring the water in the skillet to a simmer and place it in the bottom of the oven. Place a piece of parchment on a baker's peel or the back of a baking sheet.     Turn the loaves out of their banettons onto the parchment. Slash the top(s) of the loaves, and slide the bread(s), paper and all, onto the stone in the oven. Spray the inside of the oven generously with water from a spray bottle and set a timer for 5 minutes. Spray once more when the timer goes off, and bake for another 35 minutes, until the center of the loaf reads 200°F when measured with a digital thermometer. Remove from the oven and cool on a rack before slicing.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  What is "ripe" sourdough starter? It's a starter that's been fed and allowed to work at room temperature until at its peak level of activity. It should be full of bubbles; if you watch it for 10 to 15 seconds, you should see bubbles coming to the surface and popping, as if a slow-motion boil is happening. What's the 1/4 teaspoon of yeast doing in the ingredients? In this case it shortens the rise times a little bit. You can make a great loaf without it, which is why it's optional in the ingredients list; you'll want to keep an eye on the character of your dough and possibly adjust your expectations for rising times.  
    