Fruited Sourdough Sandwich Bread
    
    This soft sourdough loaf is studded with sweet raisins and tangy apple pieces. We like it served simply toasted with melting butter; or as a grilled cheese sandwich with apples and arugula.
    
       160g sourdough starter, ripe (fed) or discard 152g lukewarm water* 14g olive oil or vegetable oil 14g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 269g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 43g potato flour or 1/2 cup instant potato flakes 35g rolled oats, traditional or quick 2 teaspoons instant yeast 113g chopped Granny Smith apple (about 1 small apple), peeled or not 149g golden raisins *In summer, or during hot/humid weather, reduce the water by 1 tablespoon. 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients in a bowl, the bowl of an electric mixer, or the pan of your bread machine, and mix and knead to form a smooth yet sticky dough. If you're kneading by hand, you'll want to keep your hands well greased.       Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and allow it to rise for about 90 minutes. The dough will become puffy, though it may not double in bulk.    Lightly grease an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan.    Gently deflate the risen dough, and shape it into a log. Place it in the pan, cover it lightly, and allow it to rise until it crests at least 1" over the rim of the pan, 60 to 90 minutes.    Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.    Bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes, tenting it with foil after 15 to 20 minutes; it will continue to brown slowly. When it's done, the bread will be golden brown, and will register 190°F on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center.    Remove the bread from the oven, and after a couple of minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool.    Yield: 1 loaf, about 12 to 16 servings.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  This bread is a wonderful choice for grilled cheese. Try our recipe for Grilled Cheese with Apple and Arugula. This bread can be baked in our bread baking bowl. Shape the loaf into a round (boule), cover, and allow to rise until it has domed about 2” over the rim of the bread baking bowl, 60 to 90 minutes. Bake the bread according to recipe instructions. 
    