Fruit and Nut Braid
    
    This tender loaf, loaded with dried fruit and nuts, makes delicious coffee bread.
    
       113g butter 170g milk 2  large eggs + 1 yolk (save the white for the glaze) 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (See "tips", below.) 50g sugar 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk powder 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 1/8 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia or lemon oil, or 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor 113g to 170g dried fruit: any mixture of cranberries, cherries, apricots, raisins, or pineapple 71g pine nuts or 74g chopped macadamia nuts 
    
     Directions   Heat the butter and the milk together until the butter melts.  Cool to lukewarm, then stir in the 2 whole eggs and one yolk.  Mix in the remaining ingredients, omitting the fruit and nuts, until the dough is homoegneous.  Let rest for 30 minutes, then knead until the dough is smooth and satiny. (Use a bread machine set on the dough cycle, if you like.) Knead in the fruit and nuts at the end.  Place the dough in a greased bowl, cover, and let rise in a warm place for 2 hours, or until the dough is puffy in bulk.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface, divide it into three pieces, and let it rest for 10 minutes.  Grease (or line with parchment) a baking sheet, or grease a 10" tube pan.  Roll each piece about 30" long. (If the dough "fights back," let it rest for a few minutes midway through the rolling.)  Braid or simply twist the strands together.  Place the braid on the pan. Pinch the ends together.  Cover and let rise for about an hour, until it's puffy.  While the dough rises, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Whisk the remaining egg white with 1 tablespoon water, and brush it over the risen loaf.  Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, until it's a deep golden brown. Remove from the oven, and after 15 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool.  Store well-wrapped for up to 5 days at room temperature or 3 months frozen.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For added fiber, substitute 1 to 1 1/2 cups King Arthur 100% Organic White Whole Wheat Flour, or 1 cup Hi-maize Natural Fiber for an equal amount of the all-purpose flour. 
    