Gluten-Free Whole Grain Bread
    
    A tasty, moist, and light grained loaf that can help those with gluten sensitivities get their recommended whole grains.   Note: You must use an electric stand mixer or electric hand mixer to prepare the batter; mixing by hand doesn't do a thorough enough job.  
    
       362g King Arthur Gluten-Free Whole Grain Flour Blend 28g milled flax 25g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 1/4 teaspoons xanthan gum 227g warm milk 25g vegetable oil or 28g melted butter 3 large eggs 
    
     Directions   Place the flour, milled flax, sugar, yeast, baking powder, salt, and xanthan gum in a bowl. Whisk together well.  Place the milk, oil or melted butter, and eggs in the bowl of a mixer, and beat well.   Blend in the dry ingredients a cup at a time, beating for a minute and scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl after each addition.    After all the dry ingredients have been added, beat for 2 to 3 minutes at medium speed to make a very smooth, thick batter.   Cover the bowl, and let the batter rise for 1 hour.  Scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl, deflating the batter in the process. Beat the batter for about 1 minute.  Grease an 8 1/2" by 4 1/2" loaf pan, or 9" x 4" x 4" loaf pan, or small pain de mie pan (without the lid; you won't need it). Scoop the dough into the pan, doming it in the middle; using a spatula or your wet fingers helps.  Cover the pan with greased plastic wrap. Set it in a warm place to rise until the loaf barely crowns above the rim of the pan 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" pan; or rises to fill about 3/4 of the 9" x 4" or small pain de mie pan. This should take about 60 to 75 minutes. Toward the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes, until golden brown. Tent the loaf with foil the final 10 to 15 minutes of baking, to prevent over-browning. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the fully baked loaf will register about 205°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out of the pan, and cool on a rack.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Note: For a dairy-free version of this bread, substitute soy milk, almond milk, or rice milk for the milk called for in the recipe. Results may vary from the original. 
    