Gluten-Free Dinner Rolls
    
    These golden, high-rising rolls are buttery and delicious, their texture a comforting cross between tender biscuit and soft dinner roll.  
    
     Rolls  234g King Arthur Gluten-Free Flour or brown rice flour blend (191g)* 32g Hi-maize Fiber** 7g gluten-free Cake Enhancer, optional 1 teaspoon instant yeast 3/4 teaspoon salt 3/4 teaspoon xanthan gum 113g lukewarm milk 2 large eggs 43g honey 28g soft butter *See recipe for this blend below. **See "tips," below.  Topping  14g to 28g melted butter 
    
     Directions   Place the flour or flour blend, Hi-maize, cake enhancer, instant yeast,  salt, and xanthan gum in a mixing bowl, and whisk to combine.    Using an electric mixer (hand mixer, or stand), mix together the milk, eggs, and honey. Beat in 1 cup of the flour mixture, and the 2 tablespoons soft butter.   Beat in the remaining dry ingredients; scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl, then beat at high speed for 3 minutes, to make a smooth, thick batter.  Cover the bowl, and let the thick batter rise for 1 hour. It won't appear to do much; that's OK.    Scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl, deflating the batter in the process.  Grease an 8" round pan; or 6 English muffin rings; or the wells of a hamburger bun pan. Grease a muffin scoop or large spoon with the melted butter, or with non-stick baking spray.   Scoop the dough into the 8" round pan; a slightly overfilled muffin scoop works well here. Space 7 mounds around the perimeter, and 1 in the middle.   To make sandwich buns, drop the batter into the prepared hamburger bun pan, or into the English muffin rings placed onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Flatten the dough slightly, using a greased spatula or your wet fingers.  Cover with greased plastic wrap, and set in a warm place to rise until the rolls touch each other and look puffy. This should take about 45 to 60 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the rolls for 28 to 32 minutes, until they're golden brown. Remove the rolls from the oven, let them cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn them out of the pan onto a rack. Serve warm.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  *Make your own blend Many of our gluten-free recipes use our King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour, which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods. Our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats, keeping them fresh longer.    The following make-at-home blend, featuring stabilized brown rice flour, works pretty well when substituted; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour.     Whisk together 6 cups (28 1/2 ounces) King Arthur stabilized brown rice flour; 2 cups (10 3/4 ounces) potato starch; and 1 cup (4 ounces) tapioca flour or tapioca starch. Store airtight at room temperature. Note: You can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like; it'll make your baked goods grittier (unless you manage to find a finely ground version). No Hi-maize? Substitute 1/4 cup King Arthur Gluten-Free Flour or brown rice flour blend.   
    