Gluten-Free Holiday Stollen
    
    The classic Christmas stollen is made with yeast. But we think this quicker, easier gluten-free version, made with baking powder, is just as tasty. Filled with dried fruit and toasted almonds, and covered with a thick layer of butter and sugar, this pastry is delicious with coffee or tea. 
    
     Dough  351g King Arthur Gluten-Free Flour 99g granulated sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt* 3/4 teaspoon xanthan gum 113g cold butter 170g ricotta cheese, part-skim milk type 2 large eggs 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 1/2 teaspoons Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor, optional but good the grated rind of 1 small lemon; or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil, or 1/4 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia 163g Fruitcake Fruit Blend; or a blend of golden raisins and your favorite dried fruits, chopped to 1/2" pieces if necessary 35g slivered almonds, toasted and cooled *Reduce the salt to 1/4 teaspoon if you use salted butter.  Topping  85g butter, melted 85g confectioners' sugar   
    
     Directions   Preheat your oven to 325°F. Lightly grease a baking sheet, or line it with parchment.  Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and xanthan gum in a mixing bowl.   Cut the cold butter into small chunks, then blend it into the flour mixture to form uneven crumbs.  In a separate bowl, mix together the cheese, eggs, vanilla, and flavors.  Toss the fruit and almonds with the flour mixture until evenly distributed. Then combine the wet and dry ingredients, mixing until most of the flour is moistened.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface, and knead it two or three times, until it holds together. Divide it in half.  Pat each piece of dough into an 8" x 7" oval about 1/2" thick.   Fold each piece of dough roughly in half, leaving the edge of the top half about 1/2" short of the edge of the bottom half. Should you fold the long way, or the short way? The long way will give you a longer, narrower stollen, with shorter slices; folding the short way will give you a wider, fatter stollen, with longer slices.   Use the edge of your hand to press the dough to seal about 1" in back of the open edge; this will make the traditional stollen shape. It's also the familiar Parker House roll shape, if you've ever made them. The dough will probably crack; that's OK, just smooth it out as best you can.  Carefully place the shaped stollen on the prepared baking sheet.   Bake the stollen until they're very lightly browned around the edges and on top, about 40 minutes. A cake tester inserted into the center should come out clean.  Remove the stollen from the oven, and transfer them to a rack. Brush them each with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Sprinkle heavily with confectioners' sugar.   Allow the stollen to cool, then brush with butter again, and sprinkle with sugar again. Wrap in plastic wrap until ready to serve; serve within a week. If desired, sprinkle with additional sugar just before serving.   Yield: two 1-pound stollen loaves.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  Check your ingredients to make sure they're all gluten-free. Gluten can turn up in some unexpected places, so it's important to read labels when you're baking for someone who's trying to avoid it. 
    