Granary-Style Loaf
    
    This is a bread beloved by the British. We call it "granary-style" loaf because Granary Flour is a proprietary brand sold by a specific company in England. But it's reasonably easy to replicate by the savvy bread baker. Here's our version, close to the English, a full-flavored bread with a hint of sweetness and a bit of crunch.
    
       454g lukewarm water 21g to 42g barley malt syrup 128g malted wheat flakes 241g King Arthur 100% White Whole Wheat Flour 11g instant yeast 28g melted butter or 25g vegetable oil 2 teaspoons salt 361g to 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or Unbleached Bread Flour (See "tips," below.) 
    
     Directions   Pour the 2 cups of water into a mixing bowl. Stir in the barley malt, wheat flakes and white wheat flour. Mix in the yeast, and allow this sponge to work for 15 to 20 minutes.  Stir in the butter or oil, salt, and about 2 1/2 cups of the all-purpose or bread flour. Add flour slowly until you have a shaggy mass hat begins to hold together and pull away from the sides of the bowl.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface, and knead until it's cohesive. Give it a rest while you clean out and lightly oil your bowl.  Continue kneading for several minutes, adding only enough flour (or oil) to keep the dough from sticking to you or the work surface.  Return the dough to the bowl, turning to coat all sides, cover the bowl with a damp towel or plastic wrap, and let the dough rise until it's puffy, about 1 1/2 hours.  Gently deflate the dough, cut it in half, and shape each half into a log. Place the logs in two lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pans. Allow the loaves to rise, covered, until they're about three-quarters of the way to doubled, about an hour.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers 190°F. Remove the bread from the oven, remove it from the pans, and transfer it to a wire rack to cool.  Store, well-wrapped, on the counter for 5 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Bread flour absorbs a bit more moisture than all-purpose, so you'll need less bread flour when kneading. 
    