Hearty Barley Muffins
    
    Chock-full of both barley flakes and barley flour, these muffins are a hearty, filling breakfast whether you’re on the go or leisurely reading the newspaper. The Jammy Bits offer sweet-tart bursts of fruit that complement the subtle notes of whole grain.
    
       113g boiling water 50g barley flakes 67g vegetable oil 1 large egg 106g brown sugar 227g buttermilk 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 85g barley flour 85g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon cinnamon 170g jammy bits (a combination or all one flavor), or raisins or other dried fruit (chopped into 1/4" to 1/2" pieces if they're large) 113g chopped nuts, optional 
    
     Directions   In a medium bowl or measuring cup, combine the boiling water and barley flakes. Set aside to cool to room temperature.  Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with papers, or just lightly grease the muffin cups for a crustier muffin bottom.  When cooled combine the soaked barley flakes with the vegetable oil, egg, brown sugar, buttermilk, and vanilla extract. Set aside.  Weigh out your flours; you’ll find their weights by toggling to “ounces” at the top of the ingredient section above. Or measure them by gently spooning them into a cup, then sweeping off any excess. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flours, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon.  Pour the wet ingredients into the dry, and stir just until evenly moistened. Cover the batter loosely and allow it to rest for 10 minutes.  Fold the Jammy Bits, raisins, or dried fruit and the nuts into the batter.  Scoop the batter by heaping 1/4-cupfuls into the prepared muffins cups; a scone and muffin scoop works well here.  Bake the muffins for 22 to 25 minutes, until a cake tester inserted into the center of one comes out clean.  Remove the pan from the oven, allow the muffins to cool for 5 minutes, then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely.  Store leftover muffins in an airtight plastic container or bag at room temperature for several days; or freeze for up to 1 month.  
    
    
    