Hearth Bread Bagels
    
    The flavor of a good bagel begins with a simple but firm dough, and is developed over time. The boiling stage forms a skin on the exterior, which quickly cooks the skin of the bagel so it can't expand freely in the oven, resulting in a dense, delicious interior.
    
     Dough  454g lukewarm water 21g barley malt syrup 11g active dry yeast 602g to 723g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 14g salt 1 large egg, beaten with 2 teaspoons water, for brushing on the bagels sesame seeds, poppy seeds, or other topping, optional  Boiling liquid  water to fill a saucepan by 3" 21g barley malt syrup, optional 14g salt, optional 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, dissolve the barley malt syrup in the lukewarm water.  Add the yeast and two cups of flour, and mix well. Let work for about 10 minutes, or until the mixture is expanded and bubbly.  Stir in the salt, then an additional 3 cups of flour. When the dough begins to hold together and pull away from the sides of the bowl, it's ready to knead.  Turn it out onto a kneading surface where you've sprinkled another 1/2 cup of flour. Knead the dough for 3 to 4 minutes, then let the dough rest while you clean and grease your bowl.  Knead an additional 3 to 4 minutes, adding flour only if necessary, until the dough is smooth, elastic and no longer sticky.  Form the dough into a ball and place it in the greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover the bowl with a damp towel or piece of plastic wrap and set it in a draft-free spot until it has not quite doubled in bulk, 1 to 2 hours.  After the first rise, gently deflate the dough. On a well-floured surface with a well-floured rolling pin, roll it out to about 1/2" in thickness.  There are several ways to form bagels. Experiment and pick whatever method suits your fancy.  Method I: Cut strips about 3/4" wide by 6" or 7" long. Pinch the two ends together, moistening the ends with water to help them stick. Put your hand inside the bagel's circle, place your hand over the overlapped ends, and roll back and forth to seal the seam. Unless you seal them well, they tend to come apart as you cook them.  Method II: Cut them out with a large round cookie cutter and use a small cookie cutter to cut out the center.  Method III: Take a piece of dough slightly larger than a golf ball, poke a hole through it with your finger, enlarge it a bit, and twirl the dough around your finger until the hole is an inch or so in diameter.  Let the formed bagels rest for 15 to 20 minutes, while you preheat your oven to 450°F and get your water heated. Line two baking sheets with parchment.  Fill a large saucepan with about 3" of water. Add the malt extract if you want a shiny bagel surface, or add the salt if you want a slightly salty surface. Place over medium heat until the water simmers.  The bagels are ready to cook when they've risen slightly (they should still be firm enough that the surface will bounce back a bit when lightly touched). Bring the water to a full boil and then turn it down so it's still bubbling gently, but not rolling. This keeps the action of the boil from deflating the bagel dough.  Carefully slip 2 or 3 bagels into the water, making sure you give them enough room to expand. Keep the water at a simmer.  After 1 minute, flip them over gently and continue cooking them 3 more minutes. Carefully lift the bagels out of the water with a slotted spatula or spoon, and gently place them on the baking sheet so they don't deflate. Repeat with the remaining bagels.  Slide the bagels into the oven and bake them for 10 minutes.  After 10 minutes, you can safely brush them with the egg wash for shine and sprinkle sesame or poppy seeds on them.  Bake the bagels 8 to 10 minutes more (18 to 20 minutes altogether), turning them over 4 to 5 minutes before they're done. Remove from the oven and cool them on a rack.  Store wrapped at room temperature for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make a classic egg bagel, make up a batch of Hearth Bread dough, replacing the 2 cups water with 2 extra-large eggs (equals 1/2 cup liquid) and 1 1/2 cups water in which you've boiled potatoes.Use any yeasted bread dough flavored any way you want for a whole variety of bagels. Sprinkle on chopped onion or garlic, or caraway or dill seeds, or whatever you want to bring out or add to the flavor of the dough.One bagel variant are "bagins", which are just bagels with the holes left in. This English muffin/bagel hybrid was devised to maximize the surface that cream cheese or other yummy things can be spread on. 
    