Herbed Tomato Ciabatta
    
    This simple, light and airy ciabatta bread is flavored with sun-dried tomatoes and Mediterranean-inspired herbs.
    
       340g cool water 43g sun-dried tomatoes, diced 2 teaspoons Pizza Seasoning (or a mixture of dried basil, oregano, thyme, and red pepper) 418g King Arthur Organic All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 
    
     Directions   Mix together the water, tomatoes, Pizza Seasoning, 2 cups of the flour, and 1 teaspoon of the yeast.  Set the mixture aside to rise, covered, for several hours (or overnight).  Mix in the remaining flour, yeast, and salt until the dough is smooth. This is a very sticky dough; add more flour only if it's "soupy." (See "tips", below.)  Let the dough rise, in a lightly floured bowl, for 1 hour, then gently deflate and fold it over a few times to help develop the gluten.  Let it rise another hour, then turn it out onto a liberally floured work surface, and sprinkle lots of flour on top.  Gently stretch the dough into an 8" x 10" rectangle, and cut it into two 4" x 10" pieces. Transfer the loaves onto a piece of parchment, leaving about 6" between them.  Cover the loaves with heavily oiled plastic wrap, and let rise until they're very puffy, about 2 hours.  While the dough is rising, preheat your oven to 500°F (with a baking stone inside, if you have one).  Spritz the loaves with water, then transfer the bread to the stone, parchment and all, and lower the oven temperature to 425°F. If you're not using a baking stone, place the parchment and loaves on a baking sheet.  Bake the ciabatta until it's golden brown, approximately 22 to 25 minutes. Cool on a rack.  Store well-wrapped for 5 days at room temperature, or 3 months frozen.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  A bowl scraper is helpful for stirring together a very sticky dough. Use one hand to rotate the bowl and the other to lift and stir from the outside to the center, until the dough is homogeneous and seems to have a little bit of "muscle". 
    