Holiday Pumpkin Bread
    
    Autumn is a great season to bake with pumpkin. Pumpkin's mild yet distinctive flavor (and rich color) makes it a favorite ingredients in cake, muffins, cookies — pie, of course! — and pumpkin yeast bread. This mahogany-gold wreath is dense and moist, mildly spicy, and utterly tasty. The recipe makes two loaves; enjoy one, and give the other away. Or use the other to make Pumpkin Bread Pudding.
    
       326g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 241g King Arthur 100% White Whole Wheat Flour, organic preferred (See "tips", below.) 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves 1 teaspoon ground ginger 71g brown sugar 46g diced crystallized ginger, optional 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 11g instant yeast 425g canned pumpkin 2 large eggs 57g melted butter or 50g canola oil 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients, and mix and knead them — by hand, electric mixer, or bread machine — until you've made a smooth, somewhat sticky dough.  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours; it should have expanded somewhat, but won't be wildly puffy.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface (a silicone rolling mat works well here), divide it in half, and divide each half into three pieces.  Roll each piece into an 18" log.  Working with three logs at a time, make a braid, pinching the ends together.  Coil the braid into a lightly greased 8" or 9" cake pan, shaping it into a wreath-like circle and pressing the ends together where they meet. Repeat with the remaining logs.  Cover both pans with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap, and let the wreaths rise for about 90 minutes, until they look puffy, though not doubled in bulk.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 30 minutes, until lightly browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 190"F.  Remove the wreaths from the oven, and allow them to cool on a rack.  Store, well-wrapped, for 5 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If desired, you can use entirely all-purpose flour. 
    