Honey Wheat Black Bread
    
    This loaf, often known as Canadian Brown Bread, is dark and quite sweet, but pleasingly so; we love it with just a plain pat of butter.
    
       227g to 255g lukewarm water 43g unsalted butter, softened 113g honey 241g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour* 191g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 4g cocoa 14g sugar 2 teaspoons espresso powder 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon powdered caramel color, optional; for darker color  2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast *If you don't use King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour, reduce the amount of water to 3/4 cup, adding additional water if necessary to make a soft, smooth dough.  
    
     Directions   Note: As of 1/11/17, the amounts of water, honey, and butter in this recipe have been adjusted slightly to produce a more workable dough.  To make the dough: Measure out the flour by stirring it in the canister, then spooning it lightly into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess. Starting with the smaller amount of water, mix and knead all of the ingredients — by hand, or using an electric mixer or the dough cycle of your bread machine — to form a smooth, soft dough.   Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise until doubled in bulk, at least 1 hour.   Divide the dough into 8 pieces. Shape each piece into a small log-shaped loaf. This dough is soft, so use flour or a non-stick spray on your hands.    Sprinkle a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet with cornmeal, place the loaves on the sheet, and cover. Let the loaves rise for 1 hour, or until they look puffy but aren't doubled in size. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 20 to 25 minutes. The loaves will appear slightly darker on the top when they're done. Remove them from the oven, and cool on a rack.   Store, wrapped, for 4 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This bread stays moist and delicious for at least four days. If you want a less sweet bread, cut the honey to 1/4 cup and leave out the 1 tablespoon sugar. The bread won't stay moist as long, but has very good flavor. We also tried this bread with molasses in place of the honey, and it was very good. Want to bake a loaf instead of rolls? Shape the risen/deflated dough into a log, and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan. Let the loaf rise until it's crowned about 1/2" above the rim of the pan; then bake it in a preheated 350°F oven for about 40 minutes, tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes of baking to prevent over-browning. The interior temperature of the finished loaf should be at least 190°F. Take the bread out of the oven, and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool.  
    