Hummus Bread
    
    Made from ground sesame seeds, tahini contributes a nutty flavor to hummus, a garbanzo bean dip that originated in the Middle East. Adding the hummus to your bread — coupled with garlic oil — enhances winter soups or stews, as well as a salad of fresh spring greens.
    
       2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 10g King Arthur Whole-Grain Bread Improver 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g King Arthur 100% White Whole Wheat Flour 4g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 46g toasted sesame seeds 170g milk 245g prepared hummus (recipe below) 53g garlic oil 1 large egg 
    
     Directions   To make the dough in a bread machine: Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.   Program for basic or white bread, and press Start.   Check the dough's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins, adding additional water or flour to form a smooth, soft dough.  Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  Remove the bread when it's done, and let it cool completely before slicing.  To make the dough by hand: Combine all of the dough ingredients, mix and knead until smooth, and let rise for 1 hour.  Shape the dough into a loaf, place the loaf in an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" lightly greased loaf pan, and let it rise, covered, for about 1 hour, or until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan.  Bake the bread in a preheated 350°F oven for 35 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F.   Store, well-wrapped, for 5 days on the counter, or freeze for 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Hummus 1/3 cup tahini (sesame paste) 1/4 cup olive oil 1/4 cup warm water 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice (more or less to taste) 1 teaspoon salt 3 (or many more) peeled garlic cloves, to taste 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin ground black pepper, to taste two 16- to 20-ounce cans chickpeas or garbanzo beans, drained Put all the ingredients, except one can of the chickpeas, into a blender container or the bowl of a food processor. Blend until smooth. Add the remaining chickpeas and blend, adding an additional tablespoon of water or oil if the mixture is too thick to blend. Refrigerate until ready to use. Yield: 3 to 3 1/2 cups.We developed this recipe during a brainstorming session with Lora Brody, our favorite bread machine cookbook author (and a special friend). 
    