King Arthur's Egg Braid
    
    Impressive and colorful, wreath-shaped breads with eggs braided into them  are found in Italian and Greek communities for the Easter holidays. Made without the decorative eggs, the dough is a soft, sweet year-round favorite.
    
     Bread  11g active dry yeast 227g warm water 99g granulated sugar 843g to 1084g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 227g warm milk 4 large eggs, at room temperature 113g butter or margarine 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon 12 dyed uncooked large eggs (See "tips", below.) egg wash (1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water and a pinch of salt to help liquefy the egg)  Icing Glaze  170g confectioners' sugar 43g orange liqueur 
    
     Directions   Dissolve the yeast in the water. Stir in the sugar and add 1/2 cup flour. Let this sit for 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going.  Add the milk, eggs, butter, salt, and cinnamon.  Stir in 4 cups of the flour. Add flour until the dough starts to form a shaggy mass.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it, adding more flour as necessary, until the dough has formed a smooth and satiny ball. The dough will be a little tacky, but it shouldn't be sticky.  Put the dough into a greased bowl and turn to coat it lightly on all sides.  Cover the dough with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise in a warm spot for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until it's quite swollen and puffy-looking.  Lightly grease (or line with parchment) two baking sheets.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and press it down gently to expel any air bubbles.  Divide the dough into 2 pieces and set one aside.  Divide the first piece into 3 even pieces. Roll each piece into a rope that is 1" in diameter.  Braid the set of ropes and shape the braid into a large circle. Place the circle on a baking sheet.  Repeat with the second piece of dough.  Cover the loaves with plastic wrap or dough covers, and let the wreaths rise for 30 minutes.  While the bread rises, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Place the eggs on the wreaths and gently press them into the dough, between the strands of the braids.  Brush the dough with the egg wash.  Bake the loaves for 35 to 45 minutes, until nicely browned.  Cool the wreaths on a rack and ice when fully cool.  To make the glaze: Beat the sugar and the liqueur together. The icing should be the consistency of a thick salad dressing.  Use a fork to drizzle the icing on the wreaths.  Store in the fridge for up to 5 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Occasionally, an egg will split in the oven. Use a sharp knife to remove it from the wreath and substitute a dyed hard-boiled egg. 
    