Large-Batch Hot Dog Buns
    
    Feeding a crowd? Not sure when to expect summer company? This easy, versatile dough will make two batches of hot dog buns, and will keep for up to 5 days. Note: This recipe calls for a special hot dog bun pan. Don't have one? See "tips," below.
    
       723g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g sugar 1 tablespoon salt 85g unsalted butter 85g potato flour OR 28g dried potato buds 113g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 510g lukewarm water 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead all the ingredients together — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth dough.   Place the dough in a greased bowl, cover, and refrigerate overnight, or for up to 5 days.  To make the rolls: Divide the dough in half, and return one half to the refrigerator.   Gently fold the dough 2 or 3 times, and stretch it into a lightly greased New England hot dog bun pan.   Grease the bottom of a clean baking sheet, and place it atop the pan. Let the dough rise until it’s almost filled the pan, about 90 minutes.   Towards the end of the buns' rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the buns with the baking sheet on top for 22 to 25 minutes, then uncover and bake for an additional 5 minutes.   Cool the buns for 5 minutes in the pan before turning them out onto a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough, if desired.   To finish the buns: Slice each bun down the middle, without cutting through to the bottom. Separate into individual buns.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  To form hot dog buns without a pan, divide the dough into 20 equal pieces and form each piece into a cylinder 6" in length. Transfer buns to two parchment-lined baking sheets. Flatten the buns slightly (dough rises more in the center, so this will give them gently rounded tops), then allow to rise for 90 minutes. Bake in a preheated 375°F oven for 20 to 22 minutes.To make hamburger buns, divide half the dough into six equal pieces and shape each piece into a smooth, flat ball about 4" in diameter. Place the balls into the greased cups of a hamburger bun pan (or onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet), cover, and let rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours. For seeded buns, brush the tops of the buns with a beaten egg and sprinkle with your favorite seed or seed blend. Bake the buns in a preheated 375°F oven for 20 to 22 minutes, until light gold. Cool the buns in the pan for 5 minutes, then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough; or make one batch each of hot dog and hamburger buns. 
    