Light Summer Ciabatta
    
    Ciabatta, an airy, white hearth bread from northern Italy, receives its name from its dusty, flattened, somewhat rumpled finish, reminding a fanciful baker of an old slipper. The interior is filled with light, airy holes, contrasting with the crisp and crunchy crust. Split it lengthwise, and turn it into garlic bread, fill with a bounty of fresh or marinated vegetables, or stuff with a fine assortment of Italian cured meats.
    
     Starter  177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 227g water 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast  Dough  starter (from above) 1 teaspoon instant yeast 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon sugar 11g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 57g water 25g olive oil 
    
     Directions   Mix the starter ingredients in a small bowl until well combined. Let the starter rest overnight, covered, or for up to 15 hours.  Place all of the dough ingredients, including the starter, into the bowl of your mixer, and beat it at medium speed, using the flat beater, for 7 minutes, until it's extremely smooth and elastic; it'll be soft.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and allow it to rise for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, deflating it once midway through the rising time, if you happen to be around and it fits into your schedule.  Transfer the dough to a well-oiled work surface. Lightly grease a half sheet baking pan (18" x 13") or similar large pan, and your hands.  Using a bench knife or your fingers, divide the dough in half. Handling the dough gently, stretch it into a log about 10" long, and place it crosswise on one half of the baking sheet.  Flatten the log with your fingers until it's about 4" wide. Repeat with the remaining piece of dough.  Lightly cover the dough with heavily oiled plastic wrap or a proof cover, and allow it to rise for 30 minutes. Oil your fingers, and gently poke deep holes all over the dough.  Re-oil the plastic wrap, re-cover the dough, and allow it to rise for an additional 30 minutes. While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Spritz the risen loaves with lukewarm water.  Bake them for 18 to 20 minutes, or until they're golden brown. Turn off the oven, remove the ciabatta from the baking sheet, and return them to the oven, propping the oven door open a couple of inches with a folded-over potholder. Allow the ciabatta to cool completely in the oven; this will give them a very crisp crust.   Store, well-wrapped, at room temperature for 3 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Because this dough is so soft, it's quite a challenge to knead it by hand. Unless you're a baker experienced in working with high-hydration doughs, you may have difficulty. You can use an electric mixer or your bread machine (set on the dough cycle) to knead the dough; if you use a bread machine, allow the dough to remain in the machine an additional 90 minutes after the completion of the cycle. Or follow the directions in our blog post, kneading wet dough by hand.  
    