Maple-Walnut Sticky Buns
    
    Do you love sticky buns? How about maple syrup? If the answer is a resounding yes, then you'll surely enjoy these soft, light buns with their subtle maple filling and sticky, nutty maple topping.
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g unsalted butter, at room temperature 35g granulated sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 43g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 1/2 teaspoon maple flavor; optional, for increased flavor 198g to 255g lukewarm water* *Use the lesser amount in summer (or in a humid environment), the greater amount in winter (or in a dry climate), and somewhere in between the rest of the year, or if your house is climate controlled.  Glaze  156g maple syrup 43g melted butter 1/2 teaspoon maple flavor; optional, for increased flavor 213g brown sugar, light or dark, firmly packed* 113g diced toasted walnuts *Substitute maple sugar, if desired.  Filling  35g maple sugar; substitute brown sugar if desired 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead everything together — by hand, mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth dough. If you're kneading in a stand mixer, it will take about 5 to 7 minutes at second speed; the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl, perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom. In a bread machine (or by hand), it should form a smooth ball.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise, at room temperature, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's nearly doubled in bulk. Rising may take longer, especially if you've kneaded by hand. Give it enough time to become quite puffy.  While the dough is rising, lightly grease a 9" x 13" pan.  To make the glaze: Whisk together the syrup, melted butter, and maple flavor, if you're using it.   Spread the glaze in the prepared pan. Sprinkle the brown sugar (or maple sugar) and toasted walnuts atop the glaze. To toast walnuts, see tips, at left.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and pat or roll it into a 16" x 12" rectangle. It's a nice, soft dough, and pats out easily.   Sprinkle the maple sugar evenly over the dough, leaving an uncovered strip about 1" wide along one long end of the rectangle. Gently pat it onto the dough, so it adheres.  Starting with the sugar-covered edge, roll the dough into a log the long way.  Using a sharp or serrated knife, slice the log into 20 slices. Or, instead of using a knife, loop a length of dental floss around the log, and pull the ends in opposite directions; they'll slice nicely through the dough.    Space the buns in the pan; five rows of four works well. Cover the pans, and let the buns rise until they spread out, touch one another, and puff up, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.    Towards the end of the buns' rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the buns for 25 to 30 minutes, until they're a light golden brown and feel set when you poke them.  Remove the buns from the oven, and loosen their edges with a knife. Carefully — the syrup is hot! — turn them out onto a rack (set over parchment, to catch any spills) or parchment-covered sheet pan. Scrape any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns, and spoon any glaze that's run onto the pan back onto the buns.  Serve warm, or at room temperature. Wrap any leftovers airtight, and store at room temperature.  Yield: 20 sticky buns.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To toast walnuts, spread them in a single layer in a 9" round cake pan or similar size pan. Bake in a preheated 350°F oven for 7 to 9 minutes, or until they're beginning to brown and smell toasty.Want to make these fresh and hot for breakfast? Make the dough, shape the buns, and place them in the pan (with the glaze); don't let them rise. Place the pan of buns in the refrigerator for up to 18 hours before you want to serve. Remove the buns from the fridge, and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour. Bake them in a preheated 350°F oven for about 25 to 30 minutes, until they're golden brown and the filling is bubbly.   
    