Maple Pumpkin Rolls
    
    As far as trendy, autumnal flavor combinations go, pumpkin and maple is fast becoming one of our favorites. Here we've taken a popular breakfast treat, the classic cinnamon roll, and dressed it up for even the hippest breakfast table.
    
     Dough  269g canned pumpkin 2 large eggs 57g lukewarm water 57g soft butter 269g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 198g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; or 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon + 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves + 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger 53g brown sugar, light or dark 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast  Filling  227g cream cheese 1 large egg 64g maple sugar 14g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/4 teaspoon maple flavor, optional 85g chopped pecans pr dried cranberries, optional  Glaze  113g confectioners' sugar pinch of salt 78g maple syrup 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead all of the ingredients together to make a soft, fairly smooth dough. Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover, and let it rise for 1 1/2 hours, until almost doubled in bulk.  To make the filling: Beat together all of the ingredients until smooth and creamy.  To assemble the rolls: Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface, and roll or pat it into a 14" x 22" rectangle.   Spread an even layer of filling onto the dough; sprinkle with pecans, if desired.  Starting with a  long end, roll the dough into a log, jelly-roll style. Seal the edge of the log by pinching the dough together.   Cut the log into twelve  1 1/2"-thick rolls and place them into a lightly greased 10" x 10" pan or 9" x 13" pan. Cover the pan and let the rolls rise for 1 hour, until puffy.  Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake the rolls for 25 to 30 minutes, until they're lightly browned and feel set. Remove them from the oven, and transfer them to a rack to cool slightly.  To make the glaze: Stir together all the ingredients, adding enough maple syrup to make a spreadable glaze. Spread onto the warm rolls.    Serve the rolls warm or at room temperature. Store, well-wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't have maple sugar for the filling? Substitute brown sugar; the rolls will have milder maple flavor, but will still be delicious. 
    