Marilyn's Whole Wheat And Rye Sourdough Bread
    
    This moist and flavorful bread contains warm spices that add a background aroma to all sorts of beautifully decorated loaves and rolls. If you're a liverwurst-and-onions aficionado, try it on this bread, slathered with hot-sweet mustard. Heaven!
    
       10g instant yeast 397g lukewarm milk 454g sourdough starter, ripe (fed) or discard 53g packed dark brown sugar 2 teaspoons salt 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom 7g caraway seeds 1 teaspoon whole anise seeds 106g white rye flour 113g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour 418g to 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 
    
     Directions   Combine the yeast, milk, starter, sugar, salt, cardamom, and seeds. Stir in the rye flour and beat until the batter is smooth.  Add the whole wheat flour, then the unbleached all-purpose flour, a cup at a time, stirring well after each addition. When the dough has formed a shaggy mass, turn it out onto a lightly floured counter.  Knead the dough and add just as much flour as you need to keep the dough from sticking to the counter. The dough should be a little tacky, but not sticky.  Place the dough in a greased bowl. Cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap and let rise until it has doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.   Gently deflate the dough and place it on a lightly floured counter.  Shape as desired; you can make one huge loaf, three normal loaves, four mini loaves, or about 24 rolls.  Cover the loaves and let them rise for about 45 to 60 minutes, or until they're puffy.  Preheat the oven to 400°F.   If you've made loaves, slash them a couple of times across the top; this will help them rise evenly in the oven. Bake the bread for about 25 minutes, or until it's nicely browned and sounds hollow when thumped on the bottom; its internal temperature should be about 205°F. Remove from the oven, and cool on a rack.  Store, well-wrapped, for 3 days on the counter. Freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you feed your starter first, the dough will rise a bit more quickly.You can also reserve a small amount of dough and roll it into long, thin strips that can be snipped with scissors to form a stalk of wheat to decorate the top of each loaf. Need some sourdough starter to get started? See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head-start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter. This recipe comes to us from Marilyn Mulgrew of Rochester, New York. 
    