Mediterranean Stuffed Bread
    
    This is pure picnic and party fare — zesty and chock-full of summery tastes, and good hot, cold, or at room temperature. Thin, cold slabs work well as appetizers with wine or sangria; big, warm wedges with salads make a meal. This may be the most "gourmet" item you've ever seen come out of your own kitchen!
    
     Bread  1 recipe French Country Bread or one 2-pound loaf frozen white bread dough, defrosted  Filling  7g flat-leafed Italian parsley, finely minced 35g minced onions and/or scallions 128g minced sun-dried tomatoes (about 8 plumped halves) 3 medium garlic cloves, finely minced 142g chopped black olives (a combination of oil-cured, Kalamata or pitted black) 113g feta cheese, crumbled into small chunks 39g extra-virgin olive oil 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon black pepper 1/2 to 1 teaspoon oregano 1/2 to 1 teaspoon basil semolina flour, for dusting 
    
     Directions   In a medium-sized bowl, toss together the parsley, onions/scallions, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, olives, feta cheese chunks, olive oil, salt, pepper, oregano, and basil.  Flatten or gently deflate the bread dough into an oval shape, about 1/2" to 3/4" thick.  Press half of the topping mixture onto the bread. Fold the dough in half and pinch the edges together to cover the filling. Let it rest for a few minutes.   Flatten the dough again, using a rolling pin, trying not to force any of the filling out.   Press the remaining filling onto the dough. Fold the dough in half again, pinching the edges together to cover any exposed filling (sometimes this doesn't look perfect, but it works out in the end). The bread should look like a plumpish, slightly flattened oval.   Brush a little olive oil over the surface of the dough.  Line a doubled-up cookie sheet with parchment paper. Sprinkle with semolina, and place the bread on top. Cover with a tea towel or a lightly greased piece of plastic, and let rise about 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hours, until puffy and lighter than when it started.  Preheat your grill to Hot.   Place the bread on the grill, put on the cover, reduce the heat to Medium, and bake for about 35 to 40 minutes, until the bread is well-browned. (Some of the filling may leak out; that's OK).  Remove the bread from the grill and serve warm, in wedges, or cold, in thin slices.  
    
    
    