Merlin's Magic Sourdough Bread
    
    This finely textured bread will stay fresh longer than most loaves you'll make, due to both the olive oil and the sourdough starter: breads higher in acid retain moisture better than less acidic loaves.
    
       227g sourdough starter, ripe (fed) or discard 454g warm water 11g active dry yeast or instant yeast 659g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons salt 50g olive oil 
    
     Directions   The day before: mix together the starter, water, and yeast. Add 3 cups (12 3/4 ounces) of the flour. Cover with a damp towel, and let this sponge sit overnight. At this point, you may let the sponge sit for as long as 24 hours; the longer it rests, the more flavorful your bread will be.  The next day: Add the salt, oil, and enough of the remaining flour (up to 10 1/2 ounces) to make a soft dough that cleans the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or oiled work surface, and knead it, adding more flour as necessary, until it's smooth and springs back when you poke it. If the dough feels too stiff, add a few more teaspoons of water to soften it.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let it rise for 2 hours. The dough should become puffy. Again, you may let the dough rise for as long as 12 hours at this point; to prevent the bread from over-proofing and thus losing strength to rise again in the oven, slow the fermentation by letting the dough rise in a cooler place, like your refrigerator.   Press the dough down and divide it into two pieces. Form each piece into a round ball, and place each ball on a baking sheet that has been greased and sprinkled with cornmeal. Cover the loaves with damp towels or lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow them to rise for 1 hour (or more), or until they've become puffy and a pressed finger leaves a mark.  While the loaves are rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Use a sharp knife or lame to make three slashes on the top of each loaf, which helps the bread to rise evenly in the oven. Bake for about 35 minutes, or until the bread is golden, sounds hollow when tapped, and the internal temperature of the loaf is 190°F to 205°F on a digital thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, and cool completely on a rack.  Store loosely wrapped in plastic for 3 days, or wrap tightly and freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Need some sourdough starter to get started? See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head-start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter. 
    