Mexican Spiral Bread
    
    This bread is what happens when your burrito and your sandwich collide head on. The spicy, cheesy burrito filling swirls throughout the tender sandwich bread to make a savory takeoff on a breakfast classic. Whip up a batch of your favorite sandwich bread dough, and take it out for a spin in a daring new direction. 
    
       One batch of Our Favorite Bread  425g cooked black beans, drained 71g chopped onion 1 tablespoon olive oil, for frying  1 teaspoon dried basil 2 teaspoons ground cumin 1 tablespoon chili powder, mild or hot 14g Pizza Dough Flavor 2 cups shredded or diced sharp cheddar cheese  Chopped pickled jalapeño peppers, optional, to taste 
    
     Directions   Prepare your bread dough through the first rise. Preheat the oven to 375°F and lightly grease two 9" x 5" loaf pans.   In a medium-sized skillet, heat the beans, onion, and olive oil for 5 minutes. Stir often, then add the basil, cumin, chili powder, and Pizza Dough Flavor. Continue to cook for another 5 to 10 minutes, or until the beans are very soft and mashable.  Mash the bean mixture well, and set aside to cool slightly.   Divide the dough in half and roll each piece into a 9" x 12" rectangle. Spread each with half the bean mixture, then top with half the cheese and pickled jalapeños. Leave a 1/2" border around all edges free of filling, to make rolling easier.   Starting with a short end, roll up the bread, tucking in any loose cheese or beans as you roll. Seal the end seams well and place the rolled bread, seam side down, in the prepared pan. Repeat with second piece of dough and remaining filling, cheese, and peppers.    Cover the breads loosely, and let rise at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes, or until full and round. Bake in a preheated 375°F oven for 25 to 35 minutes, or until the bread's internal temperature reaches 190°F to 200°F.   If desired, brush the top of the loaves with melted butter to keep their crust soft. Serve the bread warm, cut in chunks; or cool and slice for great grilled cheese.   Yield: 2 loaves.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  No Pizza Dough Flavor? Substitute 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, and 1 teaspoon cheese powder instead. Could you use a can of refried beans and add your own spices? Sure, it should work just fine. Starting with plain beans helps you control the added fat.  
    