Mexican Wedding Bread
    
    This bread is served at weddings in small villages in southern Mexico. It is a fertility bread to bless the marriage with many children, shaped to signify the joining of two into one.  Traditionally in this country, we celebrate weddings with a lavish cake. But in other countries, and other times, the "cake" has been an elaborate bread.  We applaud the idea of a wedding bread. Bread is the staff of life; to break bread together is a kind of communion, a sharing of oneself with another. As has been said, "bread is life itself." What could be a more fitting way to embark upon married life than for a new husband and wife to ceremonially break bread together, made especially for them by someone who can fill it with good omens, hope, and love.
    
     Sponge  2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast (one package) 57g warm water (110°F) 227g warm milk (110°F) 99g granulated sugar 2 large eggs, beaten 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon salt 113g finely ground pecans or pecan meal  Topping  113g confectioners' sugar 43g water 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: In a large bowl, stir the yeast into the water to soften.  Add the milk, sugar, eggs, vanilla, and 2 cups (8 1/2 ounces, 241g) of flour.  Beat vigorously for 2 minutes. This is a sponge, and has the consistency of cake batter.  Cover and let rise for 45 minutes.  Add salt, pecans, and 1 cup flour (4 1/4 ounces, 120g) to the sponge. Beat for 1 minute.  Gradually add flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead.  Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.  Put the dough into an oiled bowl. Turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil.  Cover the bowl with a towel and let it rise until doubled, about 1 hour.  Turn dough out onto work surface. Divide into 40 equal pieces.  Roll each piece into an 8" long rope.  Pinch the ends of one rope together to form a circle. Take another rope and slip it through the first circle before pinching the ends. You now have two circles joined together to form one roll. Repeat this until you have used all 40 pieces.  Place on parchment-lined baking sheets. Cover and let rise 45 minutes.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake for 15 minutes, or until the bread is pale golden and feels firm when touched.  To make the topping: Combine confectioners' sugar with water in a shallow bowl.  As soon as bread is done, remove from baking sheets and dip the tops into the confectioners' sugar mixture. Or use a pastry brush to brush tops of rolls with icing.  Place on a rack until icing is set, about 30 minutes.  The loaves may be wrapped and stored at room temperature for 5 days, or frozen for 3 months.  
    
    
    