Michelle's Harvest Grains Loaf
    
    Using a grain mix for a seeded bread really speeds up the process — instead of a tablespoon of this or that, you add the blend and go. With a robust, full-flavored crumb, this harvest grains bread has a toothsome quality that will tolerate the heartiest of sandwiches.
    
       298g warm water 25g brown sugar or 43g honey 25g vegetable oil 1 teaspoon salt 74g Harvest Grains Blend 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour or White Whole Wheat  7g instant yeast 
    
     Directions   To make dough in a bread machine: Place all of the ingredients into the bucket of your 1 1/2- to 2-pound bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Place the bucket into the machine (if it's not already there), program the machine for basic or white Bread, Light Crust (or similar settings), and press Start.  Take a look at the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle, and adjust its consistency with additional water or flour, as necessary, to produce a smooth, supple dough.  Allow the machine to complete its cycle. When the bread is done, remove it from the machine and cool it on a wire rack.  To make manually or with an electric mixer: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients, stirring until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl.   Transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface, oil your hands, and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it begins to become smooth and supple.  Lightly grease an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pan.  Shape the dough into a log; and place it in the pan.  Allow the loaf to rise, covered, until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake for 35 minutes, or until its interior temperature registers 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, remove it from the pan, and cool it on a wire rack.  Store, well-wrapped, for 5 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    