Mini Cinnamon Swirl Breads
    
    These mini loaves offer assertive flavor — cinnamon lovers, rejoice!
    
     Dough  227g lukewarm water 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1 large egg 28g unsalted butter 14g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 25g granulated sugar 390g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast  Filling  1 large egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water (egg wash) 53g Cinnamon-Sugar Plus or cinnamon-sugar 170g cinnamon mini baking chips 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead the dough ingredients together — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until smooth.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover, and let rise until nearly doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.  Grease the 8 wells of a mini-loaf pan and place the pan on a baking sheet lined with parchment (to catch any drips).  On a lightly greased work surface, pat the dough into an 8" x 32" rectangle.   Brush the dough with egg wash (you'll have some left over; set it aside), and sprinkle with the cinnamon-sugar and chips.  Starting with a long side, roll the dough into a log.   Cut the log into eight 4"-long segments, and transfer them seam side-down to the prepared wells.  Allow the breads to rise until they've barely crested over the rims of the pans, 40 to 60 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Brush the breads with the remaining egg wash.   Bake the breads for 18 to 20 minutes, until golden; the interior of the breads should read 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.   Remove the pan from the oven. Cool the breads in the pan for 5 minutes, then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely.  Yield 8 mini loaves.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make one large cinnamon swirl loaf, stretch your risen dough into a 9" x 24" rectangle. Brush the dough with the egg/water mixture and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar and the chips. Starting with a short end, roll the dough into a tight log, and place seam-side down into a greased 9" x 5" loaf pan. Allow the loaf to rise, covered, for 40 to 60 minutes, until it's crested 1/2" over the rim of the pan. Brush the loaf with the egg wash, transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet (to catch any drips), and bake for 45 to 60 minutes, until golden. The interior of the bread should register 190° on an instant-read thermometer. Cool the loaf in the pan for 10 minutes, then transfer it to a rack to cool completely. 
    