Monkeying Around Bread
    
    This is the simplest, most basic of all monkey (pull-apart) breads. It's a great introduction to this fun style of loaf, and a great place for kids to start baking with yeast.   
    
     Topping  99g granulated sugar 1 tablespoon cinnamon  Dough  113g lukewarm water 14g vegetable oil 1 large egg 1 teaspoon salt 14g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 
    
     Directions   To make the topping: Blend the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl, or shake them together in a small lidded container. Set aside.   To make the dough: Stir together the water, vegetable oil, egg, salt, sugar, and yeast in a medium bowl.  Add 1 cup of the flour, stirring to blend.  Add the second cup of flour, stirring to make a cohesive dough. Let the dough rest for 5 minutes; this gives the flour a chance to absorb the liquid, making it easier to knead.  Knead the dough — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until it's soft and smooth.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes, until it's doubled in size.  Gently deflate the dough, and place it on a clean, lightly greased work surface; a silicone mat works well here. Divide it into pieces about 1 1/2" in diameter; you'll make 16 to 18 pieces.  Lightly grease an 8" round cake pan or 9" tube pan. Dip each dough piece in water, then roll it in the cinnamon-sugar mixture to coat.   Place the pieces in a single layer in the prepared pan. Sprinkle any remaining cinnamon-sugar over the top.   Cover the pan, and let the bread rise for 45 to 60 minutes, until it's visibly puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.    Uncover the pan, and bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes, until it's golden brown and feels set.  Remove the bread from the oven, and immediately turn the pan over onto a cooling rack. Lift the pan off the bread, and scrape any leftover topping in the pan onto the bread.  Pull the bread apart to serve. Serve warm, or at room temperature.  Store any leftovers, well wrapped, at room temperature for a couple of days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    