Moravian Fruit Coffeecake
    
    Moravian Sugar Cake is a traditional recipe found in various parts of the country, including Pennsylvania and North Carolina. Moravians, a religious denomination native to the former country of Czechoslovakia, brought the recipe with them when they immigrated during the last century. Though the religion itself embraces discipline and austerity, the sugar cake recipe doesn't reflect those traits; it is a rich, sweet and sumptuous confection.
    
     Dough  2 teaspoons instant yeast 120g King Arthur Unbleached Pastry Flour 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon salt 18g potato flour 14g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver or Baker's Special Dry Milk 255g water 57g unsalted butter, cut into pieces 25g sugar  Filling  595g fresh berries, rinsed; or 4 cups coarsely chopped peaches, nectarines, apples, or pears. 57g Pie Filling Enhancer  Topping  106g brown sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, or 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon plus heaping 1/4 teaspoon each ground nutmeg and ground ginger 28g unsalted butter, melted 76g heavy cream 1 tablespoon Instant ClearJel 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: This can be done 3 different ways.      Bread machine method: Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine, program the machine for manual or dough, and press Start. Take a look at the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle, and adjust its consistency with additional water or flour, as necessary, to produce a smooth, supple dough. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  Mixer method: Combine the ingredients as above, using a flat beater paddle or beaters, then switch to the dough hook(s) and knead for 5 to 8 minutes.   Manual method: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients, stirring until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl. Transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface, oil your hands, and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it's smooth, shiny and supple.   If using the manual or mixer method: Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk, about 1 hour, depending on the warmth of your kitchen.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased 18" x 13" half sheet pan. Roll it into a rough 12" x 8" rectangle, forming a lip with your fingers all around the edges.  Spread the fruit over the crust; it'll make a single layer that covers most of the crust. Sprinkle the Pie Filling Enhancer over the fruit.   Cover the cake with plastic wrap, and set it aside to rise for 1 hour, or until it looks puffy.  To make the topping: Combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and ClearJel and sprinkle over the fruit, then drizzle the butter over the sugar, followed by the heavy cream.  Bake the cake in a preheated 375°F oven for 30 minutes, or until it's golden and bubbly on top. Remove it from the oven, and gently slide it from the pan onto a rack to cool. Serve warm, or at room temperature.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  You can substitute 3 cups Perfect Pastry Blend for the pastry and all-purpose flours.  
    