No-Knead Pepperoni Pizza Bread
    
    You can throw together the dough for this easy bread in about 10 minutes. Scoop it into a pan, let it rise for an hour, bake, and presto: warm, moist, cheese- and pepperoni-scented bread, the perfect accompaniment to a bowl of pasta or a green salad. If you bake the bread in a round soufflé dish, it's fun to let it cool, then slice it across the equator into thin (3/8" or so) rounds. Slice the rounds into wedge-shaped pieces; or leave them whole, top with pizza toppings, and warm gently, until the cheese melts, to make individual 7-inch "pizzas."
    
       319g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 21g potato flour or potato flakes 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon sugar 1/4 teaspoon baking soda 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor, optional 1 teaspoon Pizza Seasoning or mixed dried Italian herbs 85g shredded pepperoni 57g freshly grated Parmesan 25g olive oil or garlic oil 1 large egg 283g lukewarm water 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease an 8" x 3 1/2", 6-cup soufflé dish or soda bread pan; or an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" sandwich loaf pan.  In a mixing bowl or the bowl of your stand mixer, combine the flour, dry milk, potato flour, salt, sugar, baking soda, instant yeast, Pizza Dough Flavor, herbs, pepperoni, and Parmesan.  Add the oil, egg, and water, and beat at medium speed, using a hand beater or the flat beater paddle of your mixer, for 5 minutes. Stop midway through to scrape the sides of the bowl.  Scoop the sticky dough into the prepared pan, smoothing the top with your fingers; wet your hands if the dough is too sticky to smooth.  Cover the pan, and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour, or until it's crowned just about level with the rim of the soufflé pan, or just over the rim of the loaf pan.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 15 minutes, then tent it lightly with aluminum foil. Bake for an additional 30 minutes (for the round loaf), or 25 minutes (for the sandwich loaf).  Remove the bread from the oven, and after 5 minutes loosen the edges, and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely.  Store bread at room temperature. If you haven't used it up within a couple of days, wrap well and store in the freezer.  
    
    
    