No-Knead Hot Cross Buns
    
    Are you yeast-phobic? Well, these buns will help convince you that yeast baking is just about the easiest, most forgiving type of baking you can do. This recipe substitutes beating for kneading, then cuts right to the chase: a short rise, followed by baking and enjoying.   
    
     Buns  170g raisins or golden raisins 28g rum or water 447g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 43g potato flour or dried potato flakes 67g sugar 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 3/4 teaspoon Princess Cake and Cookie Flavor OR 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon + 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg + 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice 2 large eggs 397g lukewarm water 57g melted butter  Glaze (optional)  67g granulated sugar 14g vanilla extract 4 teaspoons water  Icing  142g glazing sugar or confectioners' sugar 28g soft butter 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 14g milk or cream 
    
     Directions   Mix together the raisins and rum or water in a non-reactive bowl. For best absorption, use a microwave-safe bowl, cover the bowl, and heat for 1 minute, or until the mixture is simmering. Remove from the heat, and set aside to cool to lukewarm.  Whisk together all of the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl.  Stir in the Princess Cake Flavor (if you're using it), eggs, water, melted butter and the raisin mixture (including any remaining soaking liquid), then beat at high speed for 1 minute. The dough will be cohesive, but not smooth; that's OK.   Cover the bowl and let the dough rest/rise in a warm place for 45 minutes; it'll get a bit puffy, but won't really increase much in size.  Preheat your oven to 400°F. Lightly grease 18 muffin cups. If you have just one 12-cup muffin pan, use aluminum foil cups for the remainder of the dough; or make free-form buns, and place them in an 8" round cake pan.  To make the glaze: Stir together the glaze ingredients in a microwave-safe bowl, then heat in the microwave until the sugar dissolves when you stir the mixture. Set aside to cool for a couple of minutes.   Use a muffin scoop or 1/4-cup measure to fill the muffin cups; each should be about 3/4 full. If you have a scale, use about 77g (2 3/4 ounces) dough in each cup.  Brush the lukewarm glaze atop the shaped buns.  Let the buns rise, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes, until they've risen just over the top of the cups.   Bake the buns for 20 minutes, until they're a light golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and quickly turn them out of the pans onto a rack; if you wait too long, the glaze will cause them to stick.   Allow the buns to cool for 10 minutes before icing.   To make the icing: Combine all the icing ingredients in a small bowl and beat until thick.   Use a pastry bag and tip to pipe thick crosses onto the buns. If you don't have a pastry bag, fill a sturdy plastic bag with the icing, squeezing it down into one corner. Snip the tip of the bag off, and squeeze the frosting onto the buns.   Store, well-wrapped, for 2 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    