No-Knead Rustic Ancient Grains Loaf
    
    The variety of whole grains in this loaf as well as its long fermentation give it hearty flavor and texture. Slices of this loaf will stand up to just about any sandwich filling; or break a hunk off to have with some butter alongside a bowl of soup or stew.   Thanks to feedback from you, our readers, we've made some changes to this recipe since it was first published - please see the details in 'baker's tips,' below.
    
       283g room temperature water (about 75째F) 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 64g six-grain blend, or any blend of seeds and flakes, optional; for added flavor and texture 64g Ancient Grains Blend 1 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon instant yeast 
    
     Directions   Stir together all of the ingredients, by hand or mixer, until fully incorporated, and a sticky dough forms; this dough is much stiffer than most no-knead doughs.   Place the dough in a large, lightly greased bowl, and cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap.   Allow the dough to rest at room temperature overnight, or for at least 8 hours; it'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit, so be sure your bowl is large enough.  Lightly grease a lidded baking crock, Dutch oven, or stoneware baker.  Turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface then press it into a 1" to 2" thick disk and tuck or roll it into a taut log or round (to match your bakeware) until it holds its shape.   Place the loaf in the lightly greased pan, smooth side up.  Cover the dough and let it rise at warm room temperature for 1 to 2 hours, or until the dough has almost doubled in size.  Place the lidded crock or dish into a cold oven. Set the oven temperature to 450째F.   Bake the bread for 55 to 70 minutes, until it's deep brown in color, and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 205째F.  Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out onto a rack, and allow it to cool completely before slicing.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  We have changed the water temperature in this recipe from cold to room temperature (75째F), and also suggested keeping the dough in a warmer environment for the best rise.   
    