No-Knead 100% Whole Wheat Bread
    
    If you've never baked yeast bread but want to make your own homemade whole wheat loaf, this is a great place to start. Unlike most yeast breads, this one isn't kneaded; instead, the soft dough is simply beaten in a bowl for several minutes, then scooped into a bread pan. An hour later, it's ready to pop into the oven. The result: A dense, moist, easy-to-slice loaf, ideal for sandwiches, toast, French toast, and grilled cheese.    
    
       227g lukewarm water 57g orange juice 57g butter, melted; or 1 3/4 ounces vegetable oil 64g molasses, maple syrup, dark corn syrup, or brown sugar corn syrup 2 teaspoons instant yeast 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk* 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 340g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour  *See "tips," below. 
    
     Directions   Heavily grease an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan. This loaf tends to stick, so be sure to grease the pan thoroughly with non-stick vegetable oil spray.  Combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl. Beat the mixture vigorously for about 3 minutes; an electric mixer set on high speed works well here. You should have a very sticky dough. It won't be pourable, but neither will it be kneadable. Scoop it into the prepared pan. Wet your fingers, and smooth out the top of the dough.  Cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap; or better yet an elastic shower cap, "poofing" up the top to give the rising loaf plenty of room. Let the loaf rise for 60 to 90 minutes; it should just about rise to the rim of the pan, perhaps just barely cresting over the rim. While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Uncover the bread, and bake it for 40 to 45 minutes, tenting it with aluminum foil after 20 minutes. The bread is done when it's golden brown on top, and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers between 190°F and 195°F.   Remove the bread from the oven, and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack. Brush with melted butter, if desired; this will keep the crust soft. Cool the bread completely before cutting it.   Store the bread, tightly wrapped in plastic, at cool room temperature for 2 to 3 days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  No dry milk in your pantry? Substitute 1 cup lukewarm milk for the 1 cup water and 1/4 cup dry milk.For best results, use an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan. If you use a 9" x 5" pan (measure the inside/top dimensions, to see what size you have), your loaf will turn out shorter and flatter. 
    