No-Knead Cheddar, Tomato, and Garlic Bread
    
    Cheese, garlic, and sun-dried tomatoes are rolled into this savory, no-knead loaf, creating layers of bold flavors beneath a golden, chewy crust. You can use slices of this bread to make everything from exceptional grilled cheese and open-faced sandwiches to simple toast for breakfast or snacking. 
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 163g semolina flour 1 teaspoon instant yeast 57g Vermont cheese powder, optional; for extra flavor 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 35g olive or garlic oil 340g lukewarm water  Filling  57g dry-packed sun-dried tomatoes, julienned 6 garlic cloves, peeled and minced 113g diced and/or grated cheddar cheese  Topping  1 medium tomato or 1 pint assorted cherry tomatoes 3 to 6 garlic cloves 
    
     Directions   Weigh the flours, or measure them by gently spooning them into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess. Combine the flours, yeast, cheese powder, salt, garlic oil, and water in a large mixing bowl, or a large (6-quart), food-safe plastic bucket.   Mix and stir everything together to make a sticky, elastic dough; this will take about 90 seconds on medium speed in a stand mixer or 3 to 4 minutes by hand.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or rising bucket, cover it, and let it rest at room temperature overnight, or for at least 8 hours; the dough will become bubbly and rise quite a bit, so make sure it's in a large container.  When you're ready to continue, turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface, and pat it into a 12" x 14" rectangle.   Spread the sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, and cheese over the surface of the dough. Starting with a long side, roll the dough into a log.   Place the dough in a lightly greased long covered baker.   Cover the baker with its lid and allow the dough to rise until it's very puffy, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.   In the meantime, cut the tomato into five slices (if using a full-size tomato). Peel the garlic cloves; slice them, if desired.  Towards the end of the rising time, preheat your oven to 450°F.  Line the tomato slices or scatter the cherry tomatoes down the loaf, and use the garlic cloves (whole or sliced) to fill any empty spaces.  Re-cover the baker. Place the pan in the oven, and bake the bread for 40 minutes.   Remove the cover of the baker and bake the bread for 15 to 20 minutes longer, until the crust is golden brown; a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf will read 200°F.   Remove the bread from the oven, allow it to cool for 10 minutes, then turn it out of the baker onto a rack to cool completely.  Store leftover bread in a plastic bag at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have a long covered baker, bake the bread on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet for 35 to 40 minutes in a preheated 425° oven. Tent it with aluminum foil about half-way through the bake time to prevent the top from browning too much. The loaf won't be quite as neatly shaped, but will be just as tasty. 
    