No-Knead Garlic-Cheese Flatbread
    
    Stir up the batter for this easy yeast bread, scoop it into a 9" x 13" pan, and bake up a moist, golden flatbread, studded with melting cheese and chopped garlic. Serve it fresh; or let it rest overnight, then cut into strips and crisp in the oven, to make delightfully crunchy appetizer bread sticks.  This recipe is a simple variation on Blitz Bread, our simplest no-knead bread. 
    
     Dough  340g lukewarm water 35g olive oil (plus additional for drizzling into the pan) 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 tablespoon instant yeast 4 teaspoons Pizza Dough Flavor, optional  Filling & Topping  227g diced cheese — cheddar, Monterey Jack, flavored cheddar, or your favorite 4 to 8 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped pizza seasoning or your favorite dried herbs, to sprinkle on top 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease a 9" x 13" pan, and drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil in the bottom.  Combine all of the ingredients except the cheese and garlic, and beat at high speed with an electric mixer for 60 seconds.    Add the cheese and garlic, beating gently just to combine.  Scoop the sticky batter into the prepared pan, cover the pan, and let it rise at room temperature for 60 minutes, till it's become puffy.  While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Sprinkle the dough with pizza seasoning, and/or the dried herbs of your choice, if desired.  Bake the bread till it's golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes.  Remove it from the oven, wait 5 minutes, then turn it out of the pan onto a rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.  To make crunchy bread sticks: Cut day-old bread into 1/2" slices. Lay the slices on an ungreased baking sheet, and bake them in a preheated 350°F to 400°F oven till they're a light golden brown and crunchy, 15 to 25 minutes or so; keep your eye on them, as they brown quickly towards the end.  Yield: about 12 to 18 servings bread; or about fifty 6 1/2" bread sticks.  
    
    
    