Noon Rogani
    
    A unique and impressive breakfast bread, Noon Rogani hails from Azerbaijan near northwestern Iran. With a filling of butter, cinnamon and sugar, the loaf is warm and inviting as you pull the spirals apart with your fingers and savor each bite.  This loaf is formed from a 5 foot long rope of cinnamon filled dough, coiled to resemble a turban. Reach out to a new region and try this delightful bread. 
    
     Dough  539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon instant yeast 283g warm water 2 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon sugar 1 tablespoon vegetable oil  Filling and Topping  57g melted butter, divided 57 to 113g sugar to taste 2 teaspoons cinnamon  
    
     Directions   In a large bowl or your bread machine bucket mix the flour, water and yeast to a thick shaggy mass. Let rest for 10 minutes.   After 10 minutes add the salt, sugar and vegetable oil and extra flour as needed to create a dough that is not sticky to the touch but still slightly tacky. Knead by hand, mixer or bread machine until the dough is smooth and elastic.   Place the dough in a greased bowl and cover. Let rise until puffy, about 30-40 minutes.   Turn out the dough onto a well floured surface. Gently deflate and shape into a square pillow. Roll the square to approximately 23" square and 1/8th" thick.   Mix the cinnamon and sugar in a small bowl. Brush the dough with half of the melted butter and generously sprinkle on the cinnamon sugar mixture. Use more or less sugar to taste.   Roll up the dough jelly roll style. Pinch the seam well and continue to roll the rope until it reaches a length of 5 feet. Don't worry about small tears in the outer layers, that is normal. Twist the entire length of the rope similar to wringing out a towel, but much more loosely.   On a greased baking sheet or parchment paper, coil the rope into a round spiral, turban style. Don't wrap too tightly, keep the coil slightly loose to aid in the final rise. Brush with the remaining melted butter and set aside, covered, to rise until puffy 40-45 minutes.   Bake the loaf in a preheated 400°F oven for 30-45 minutes or until deeply golden brown. Cool slightly on a rack before serving. Makes one 10-12" spiral.   
    
    
    