Oatmeal Sandwich Bread
    
    Oats make a bread which is characteristically tender, moist and just slightly sweet, the perfect foil for sandwich fillings as disparate as peanut butter and Marshmallow Fluff or bologna and American cheese. And cinnamon toast made with oatmeal bread — the smell of toasted oats mingling with the heady aromas of cinnamon and melting butter — is enough to get anyone's day off to a very good start indeed. 
    
       227g lukewarm water  74g  lukewarm milk 57g butter 28g brown sugar 43g honey 99g rolled oats 50g rolled oats, ground; or oat flour 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 10g King Arthur Whole Grain Bread Improver (optional, for best rise) 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 298g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 
    
     Directions   In a large mixing bowl, or in the bowl of an electric mixer, combine all of the ingredients, mixing to form a shaggy dough. Knead the dough by hand (10 minutes) or by mixer (5 minutes) until it's smooth.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, and allow it to rest for 1 hour; it'll become quite puffy, though it may not double in bulk.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly oiled work surface. Shape it into an 8" log.   Place the dough in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan, cover the pan with loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until it's crested 1" to 2" over the rim of the pan. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, until a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F. If the bread appears to be browning too quickly, tent it with aluminum foil for the final 10 minutes of baking.  Remove the bread from the oven, and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool. Store the bread well-wrapped, at room temperature, for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you prefer oatmeal bread sweetened the traditional way, with molasses, simply substitute 3 tablespoons molasses for the brown sugar and honey. The resultant bread will be darker in color, and slightly stronger tasting.Rolled oats are easily ground using a blender or food processor; a mini-processor is the perfect tool, because of the small amount being processed. Why does this loaf contain both whole and ground rolled oats? Grinding a portion of the oats allows them to disperse more fully throughout the dough, lending it their humectant properties (in plain English, their ability to hold water, thus slowing down the bread's staling process). And leaving a portion of the oats whole gives the bread texture. All in all, the marriage of oats and wheat flour is a happy one, and a boon to sandwich and toast lovers everywhere.Traditionally, oatmeal bread is sweetened with molasses, which gives it a dark color and pronounced burnt-sugar flavor. We choose to lighten the effect here by using brown sugar and honey.Want to make this loaf with the help of your bread machine? Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine, program the machine for Manual or Dough, and press Start. About 10 minutes before the end of the second kneading cycle, check the dough and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water; the finished dough should be soft and supple. Shape the loaf and bake it in your regular oven, as directed above. 
    