Onion Parmesan Cracker Bread
    
    This recipe, created by Rosemary Leicht of Bethel, Ohio, was named grand champion at the 2013 National Festival of Breads. While Rosemary calls for the dough to be made in a food processor, it's fine to make it by hand or in a stand mixer, instead; see "tips," below.
    
       74g warm water (100° - 110°F)  1 (¼-ounce) package Fleischmann's® Active Dry Yeast 1 teaspoon honey 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour, plus extra for rolling dough 57g medium rye flour 14g olive oil 1 teaspoon salt 74g water, at room temperature (80°F) 11g to 22g minced dried onion 1 large egg white, beaten 14g freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided 
    
     Directions   Place the kneading blade in an 8-cup food processor bowl. Add 1/3 cup warm water, yeast and honey; pulse a few times. Let stand 10 minutes.  Add the flours, olive oil, salt, 1/3 cup water, and onion. Pulse 3 to 4 times to mix; process 1 minute. The dough should form a ball around the blade. If additional water or flour is needed, add by the tablespoon.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, turning to grease the surface. Cover and let rise in a warm place for 45 minutes.  Arrange the oven racks so one's at the top, and one's at the bottom. Preheat the oven to 400°F.   Divide the dough into four equal balls. Working with one ball at a time, roll the dough into a 12" to 13" circle. Place each circle on a large piece of parchment paper.   Roll the remaining dough into 12" to 13" circles, placing each on a sheet of parchment paper. Dust any remaining flour off the circles with a pastry brush; if you don't, the surface will become gummy when you brush on the egg white, reducing the crispness.  Allow the circles to rest for 5 minutes. Brush some of the beaten egg white on each circle; sprinkle each with ¼ of the cheese.  Slide one dough circle with its parchment onto a large baking sheet; repeat with a second dough circle on another baking sheet.    Place one baking sheet on the oven's top rack, the other baking sheet on the bottom rack.  Bake the breads for 4 to 5 minutes, then reverse the baking sheets top to bottom and bake for another 4 to 5 minutes. The dough should puff up in places, and turn golden.  Remove the baking sheets from the oven, and slide the breads off the parchment onto a rack to cool.   Repeat with the remaining two pieces of dough. Note: These last two breads may bake more quickly, as the sheets are hot; so watch carefully.     Break the cracker breads into pieces to serve; or place in an airtight container to store.   Yield: 4 large cracker breads, 8 servings each.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  Kansas Wheat Commission test kitchen note: To prepare dough without a food processor, dissolve the yeast in the warm water in a large mixing bowl; let the mixture stand for 10 minutes. Stir in the remaining ingredients, except the egg white and Parmesan cheese. Knead the dough by hand, or in a stand mixer, for 4 to 5 minutes. Continue with Step 3. 
    