Onion Rolls
    
    Unlike the famous bialy, these onion rolls have the filling tucked inside a soft dough. 
    
     Sponge  2 teaspoons instant yeast 113g lukewarm water 25g sugar 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Dough  113g milk 1 large egg 50g vegetable oil 1 teaspoon salt 241g to 298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Filling  28g butter or margarine 312g peeled, chopped onions 7g poppy seeds, optional  Topping  28g butter, melted poppy seeds, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: In a large bowl, or in the bucket of a bread machine, mix together the yeast, lukewarm water, sugar and 1 cup of the flour. Let the sponge sit until bubbly, about 30 minutes.  To make the dough: Combine all the dough ingredients with the sponge — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — and mix and knead until the dough is smooth and supple.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until it's almost doubled in bulk.  To make the filling: While the dough is rising, prepare the onions. Melt the butter in a large frying pan and add the onions. Sauté them over low-to-medium heat until they're soft and barely golden, about 20 minutes.  Remove them from the heat and set them aside. Stir in 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, if desired.  To shape the rolls: Gently deflate the dough, and turn it out onto a lightly floured or oiled work surface.   Divide it into eight pieces. Flatten each piece into a rough rectangle approximately 4"  by 7".   Spoon 1/8 of the onion mixture in a strip down the "short center" of each dough rectangle (i.e., spoon filling the short way across the dough, not the long way).   Fold both sides of dough over the onions and pinch together to seal all around, making eight rolls which are each approximately 4" long by 2 1/2" wide.  Place the rolls, about an inch apart, on a lightly greased (or parchment-lined) baking sheet, and cover. Set them in a warm place to rise until puffy, about 1 hour.  Preheat the oven to 500°F.  Gently brush the rolls with a little melted butter, then sprinkle with poppy seeds, if desired.  Bake the rolls for 10 minutes, or until they're golden brown. This quick baking at a high temperature makes rolls that are golden brown outside, but still very soft inside.   Store them in a plastic bag. These rolls are actually better, in taste and texture, if they're allowed to "ripen" overnight. Freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    