Onion Hamburger Rolls
    
    What could possibly top a great burger but a great burger roll, swirled with caramelized onions! You may never buy a store-bought roll again.
    
     Dough  57g warm water 113g milk, scalded and cooled 1 large egg 57g butter 25g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 tablespoon instant yeast  Filling  57g butter 156g onion, diced 11g sugar  Glaze  1 large egg 1/4 teaspoon salt  Topping  11g to 14g Parmesan cheese 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: In a mixing bowl, stir together the dough ingredients. Knead the dough until it's smooth and elastic, 5 to 10 minutes.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, turning to coat all sides, cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let the dough rise until it's nearly doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.  To make the filling: Melt the butter in a frying pan, add the onion, and sauté over medium-low heat for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the onion is light brown.  Stir in the sugar, and sauté an additional 5 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.  Press the dough down, and knead in the sautéed onions. This is easily done with a mixer (or in a bread machine), but it's also a fairly simple matter to do it with your hands.  Shape the dough into a ball, and let it rest for 10 minutes. Roll or pat it out into a 3/4" thick circle.  Using a regular-sized tuna can (or cutter about 3 1/2" across), cut the dough into nine rounds.  Transfer the rounds to a baking sheet, leaving about 1" space between them.  Beat together the egg and salt, then brush on the rounds. Top the rolls with a light sprinkling of Parmesan cheese.  Cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap, and set them aside to rise until light and puffy, about 1 1/2 hours.  Preheat the oven to 350°.  Bake the rolls for 20 minutes, or until they're golden brown. Remove from the oven, and cool on a wire rack.  Store in a plastic bag on the counter for 3 days, or freeze for up to one month.  
    
    
    