Orange Blossoms
    
    Redolent of orange, in both the bun and the icing itself, these soft, slightly sweet rolls are wonderful warm, but almost as good at room temperature. Knead a bit of candied orange peel into the dough, if you like; you may find them a bit "fancier" that way, but be aware also that they'll probably take longer to rise, due to the added sugar in the candied fruit.
    
     Rolls  113g water 113g orange juice 113g sour cream 1 large egg 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 74g sugar 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or non-fat dry milk 1 teaspoon orange extract 510g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Glaze  113g confectioners' sugar OR 198g Baker's Special Sugar, sanding, or castor sugar (See "tips", below.) 21 to 28g orange juice 
    
     Directions   Combine all the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to form a soft, smooth dough. (See "tips", below.)  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours; it'll be puffy, if not doubled in bulk.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and divide it into 24 golf ball-sized pieces, about 1 3/8 ounces (39g) each.  Shape the pieces into smooth balls, and array them in two lightly greased 9" round cake pans; they'll be fairly close together, but this is OK.  Cover the pans with lightly greased plastic wrap or a dough-rising cover, and allow the rolls to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours. They'll swell enough to touch each other and crowd the pan a bit, but won't double in size.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  If desired, snip a cross in the top of each roll with a pair of scissors; this will give you more of the "blossom" effect, if you're interested in a fancier presentation.  Bake the rolls for 20 minutes, or until they're a light, golden brown.  Remove the pan from the oven, and transfer the the rolls to a wire rack. While the rolls are cooling, stir together the glaze ingredients.  When the rolls are just lukewarm, drizzle them with the glaze.  Store, loosely covered, at room temperature for 3 days, or freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Different sugars will give varying finishes to the buns: a confectioners' sugar will leave an opaque glaze, while using Baker's Special Sugar, sanding, or castor sugar  — all very finely granulated sugars — will leave a more transparent finish on the buns. The level of sweetness will not change.Unless you have a 1-pound machine, your bread machine should be able to handle this capacity of flour, even if your usual recipe calls for 3 cups of flour. Since the dough won't be baking in the machine, you don't have to worry about over-expansion.  
    