Pan Bagna
    
    This classic stuffed sandwich from the Mediterranean is much like an American sandwich of the same sort. Here, we call this sublime mixture of meat and vegetables and/or cheese on oil-doused crusty bread a submarine (Massachusetts), hoagie (New Jersey), grinder (Connecticut), hero (New York), Italian (Maine), or muffaletta (New Orleans). In France, it's pan bagnat; and in Italy, pan bagna (literally, "bathed bread.")  This recipe for pan bagna dispenses with the cheese, and substitutes anchovies for meat, but the result is not at all lacking in taste; the ingredients blend like a well-tuned orchestra, the flavor of none standing out above the others. If you're not an anchovy fan, don't be turned off just yet; they add a subtle richness that isn't fishy.
    
       one large round or two smaller baguette-shaped loaves of crusty bread (See "tips", below.) 99g olive oil 1 medium red or Vidalia onion, sliced paper-thin 2 small (50g) tins of anchovies 283g to 340g tomatoes, sliced 1/8" to 1/4" thick, seeded and drained 92g pitted, chopped black olives 92g pitted, chopped green olives one 198g jar roasted red peppers in oil (See "tips", below.) freshly ground black pepper 
    
     Directions   Slice the bread in half horizontally to make a top and bottom half. Brush the cut side of each piece with the olive oil.  On the bottom half, layer the onion slices, anchovies and tomato slices.  In a small bowl, mix the green and black olives together, then spread atop tomatoes on bread.  Place red peppers over all, and sprinkle with black pepper to taste.  Cover with top half of bread.  Wrap sandwich very tightly in plastic wrap, then in foil.  Set it aside for 1 or up to 4 hours or so, for the flavors to marry and the bread to absorb the oil and juices.  Unwrap and cut in sandwich-sized slices or wedges to serve.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  We like to use a very soft Hearth Bread dough for this sandwich. A slack dough (i.e., one which doesn't have quite as much flour, and is quite sticky) will spread outwards as it rises, rather than up. The resulting loaf is flatter, and is very nice for sandwiches, sporting more crust and more surface area than the usual loaf.You can roast your own red or green peppers quite easily. Place whole peppers on a baking sheet under a broiler. Broil, turning frequently, until peppers are black all over. Place hot peppers in a brown paper bag, and place bag in the sink (peppers will let out their juice as they cool). When peppers are cool enough to handle, open them up, remove the seeds, and peel the skin off (it'll slip off quite easily). Sprinkle peppers with olive oil and store in the refrigerator. 
    