Pan Dulce Rolls
    
    These traditional rolls, often found in Latino bakeries under the name conchas, or shells, feature a sweet, cinnamon-y topping.
    
     Starter  170g water 2 teaspoons instant yeast 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Dough  1 1/4 teaspoons salt 330g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 99g granulated sugar 43g butter 2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk (save the white) 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor  Topping  78g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 99g granulated sugar 57g soft unsalted butter 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 egg white (reserved from above)  
    
     Directions   Combine the starter ingredients and let them rest for 1 hour, until the mixture is bubbly.  Add the dough ingredients to the mixture, and mix and knead to form a sticky, elastic dough.  Allow to rise for about 1 hour, or until it's doubled in size; it may be a bit slow, so be sure to give it plenty of time.  Combine the topping ingredients, except for the egg white, to form a thick paste; set aside.  Transfer the dough to a greased or floured work surface, and divide it into 10 pieces. Roll each into a ball.  Divide the topping into 10 portions, flattening each portion into a disk.  Place the balls of dough onto greased or parchment-lined baking sheets, leaving space between them.  Brush the top of each ball with lightly beaten egg white.  Press a disk of topping onto each roll, and flatten slightly.  Allow the rolls to rise for about 30 minutes, covered.  Just before baking, use a pan dulce cutter to press a pattern into the topping. Press down firmly, through the topping and into the dough.  Bake the rolls in a preheated 400°F oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until they're golden brown. Enjoy warm, with jam.   Store, well-wrapped, for 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Lacking a traditional pan dulce cutter doesn't mean these are impossible. After placing the topping on the dough, use a razor or sharp knife to score a decorative pattern into the dough and topping. 
    