Panzanella Bread Salad
    
    Panzanella Toscana has been a favorite of residents of Italy's Tuscany region for at least 500 years. Although we have here a recipe for you to follow, most Tuscans simply combine chewy bread cubes with fresh vegetables (whatever's on hand), fresh basil, tomatoes and good olive oil, in varying combinations and amounts. Just let it sit before serving, so the bread absorbs the flavors and becomes chewy and slightly soft. With its anchovies, eggs and touch of Parmesan cheese, this salad is reminiscent in flavor of Caesar salad. Feel free to experiment until you come up with a salad that's just to your taste.
    
     Salad  142g  crouton-sized cubes of Italian or French bread (or Tuscan Bread), lightly toasted 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced 2 medium-sized tomatoes, diced 1 small sweet pepper (any color), seeded, deribbed and diced 1 medium-sized red onion, finely sliced 3 or 4 large romaine lettuce leaves, torn into bite-sized pieces 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, or 1 teaspoon dried 2 hard-cooked eggs, cut into wedges 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese  Dressing  99g olive oil 43g red wine vinegar 1 medium garlic clove, finely chopped salt and pepper to taste 6 flat anchovy fillets 1 1/2 tablespoons capers 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, combine the bread, cucumber, tomatoes, pepper, onion, lettuce and basil.  To make the dressing: Beat together the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, salt and pepper.  Mash the anchovies and drained capers together; add to the oil/vinegar mixture.  Pour the dressing over the salad and toss gently. Garnish with hard-cooked egg wedges. Cover and chill for about 30 minutes.  When ready to serve, remove from the refrigerator and sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  You might tend to ignore recipe directions which call for you to seed cucumbers and tomatoes, but in this case it's a good idea; before adding the dressing, you want this salad to be as dry as possible. The dressing — rather than any liquid from the vegetables — should provide the moisture. 
    