PB&J Rolls
    
    This recipe is just for kids — or those of you who're still kids at heart. These soft rolls stuffed with peanut butter and jelly were a big hit with our taste-testers, some of whom are under 12, and some (way) over 21. For a neat alternative, skip the filling, form the dough into many small balls and arrange them in a loaf pan — voila, a fun peanut butter "bubble" loaf! Either way you make it don't forget the sweet glaze at the end; it adds just the right finishing touch.
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 25g sugar 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or non-instant nonfat dry milk 43g potato flour or potato flakes 1 teaspoon salt 135g creamy peanut butter 1 large egg 283g water  Filling  156g grape jelly 11g Instant ClearJel powder (optional) 135g peanut butter (creamy or crunchy) 21g honey (optional)  Glaze  28g butter 21g honey 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: In a large mixing bowl, the bowl of an electric mixer, or your bread machine, combine all of the dry ingredients, then mix in the peanut butter; the mixture will be crumbly, like pie crust dough before you add the water.  In a separate bowl, beat the egg and water together, then pour it into the flour mixture.  Mix and knead the dough — by hand, machine, or bread machine — until it becomes shiny and elastic.   Put the dough into a greased bowl, turn to coat, cover the bowl, and allow to rise for about 1 to 2 hours, or until it's not quite doubled in size.   To make the filling: Combine the jelly and Instant Clearjel, mixing until smooth. You can leave out the ClearJel, but the jelly is much more likely to seep out of the rolls if you do.   In a separate bowl, combine the peanut butter and honey, mixing until smooth. Set both fillings aside.    Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.  To assemble the rolls:  Turn the risen dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface. Divide the dough into 16 ping-pong ball-sized pieces, about 2 to 2 1/2 ounces each (54g to 68g), and roll them into balls. Flatten each ball into a 4" round.   Drop 1 1/2 teaspoonfuls each of the peanut butter filling and jelly filling onto the center of each round.   Fold the edges of the rounds over the filling to create half-moon shapes, and crimp to seal.  Place the rolls on the baking sheets. Cover them and let them rise for 1 to 2 hours, or until they're puffy but not doubled in size.    While the rolls are rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake the rolls  for 12 to 15 minutes, until they're golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and let them cool a bit before glazing.    To make the glaze:  Melt the butter with the honey in a small saucepan set over low heat, or in the microwave. Lightly brush the glaze over the rolls while they're still warm.  CAUTION: Let the rolls cool for at least 30 minutes before serving — the peanut butter and jelly will be hot!   Store, wrapped, for 2 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make a bubble loaf: Prepare the dough through its first rise, then divide it into 30 1" balls. Pile the balls into two lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pans to form a "lumpy" loaves. Cover the pans with greased plastic wrap and let the loaves rise for 1 to 2 hours, or until they've doubled in size. Bake them in a preheated 350°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 190°F. Follow the previous glazing instructions; glaze after loaves have cooled a bit. Yield: Two bubble loaves. 
    