Peaches and Cream Bread
    
    This high-rising loaf has a wonderful peach taste. The fresh peaches, while adding a delightful moisture and lightness to the bread, sort of lost their flavor along the way. We added in some dried apricots and fell in love. This bread is delightfully flavorful, but not too sweet. Absolutely perfect for fancy French toast or PB&J. 
    
       57g heavy cream 1 large egg 25g vegetable oil 39g granulated sugar 255g peaches; peeled, pitted, and chopped; fresh, frozen, or canned; thawed and well-drained 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 422g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 50g rolled oats 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 96g diced dried apricots or dried peaches 
    
     Directions   Place all of the ingredients except the dried apricots into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for basic dough, and press Start.  Check the dough after 10 to 15 minutes of kneading; it should have formed a smooth ball, soft but not sticky. If necessary, adjust the dough's consistency with additional flour or water.   Add the dried apricots when the machine prompts you to do so. Allow the machine to run through the full cycle.   Grease a 9" x 5" loaf pan.  Remove the bread from the machine and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface.  Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into a fat 9" log. Place it in the prepared pan.  Cover and let the dough rise for 45 minutes to an hour, until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the loaf for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a digital thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 190°F. Remove the bread from the oven, and after 10 minutes, turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool. Cool completely before slicing.   Yield: 16 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't have a bread machine? Feel free to prepare the dough manually, or using a stand mixer.For a different twist, substitute 3/4 cup cinnamon chips for the dried apricots or dried peaches. 
    