Peanut Power Banana Bread
    
    With a hearty dose of ancient grains and a punch of protein-rich powdered peanut butter, this banana bread is a dense, moist, and tasty vegan alternative to traditional loaves. The chocolate chips are a wonderfully decadent addition if you're as much a fan of chocolate for breakfast as we are.
    
       149g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 99g Ancient Grains Blend 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon Vietnamese cinnamon 85g powdered peanut butter 113g water about 283g to 340g mashed ripe bananas (about 3 medium or 2 large bananas, or 1 pound unpeeled) 142g brown sugar, packed 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 99g vegetable oil 1/2 teaspoon vinegar 170g bittersweet chocolate chips, optional Demerara sugar, for sprinkling, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the bread: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 9" x 5" loaf pan.  In a large bowl, whisk together the flours, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon. Set aside.  In a separate bowl, stir together the powdered peanut butter and water until evenly moistened. If you're substituting peanut butter (see "tips," below), simply put the peanut butter in a bowl.  Stir in the mashed bananas, brown sugar, vanilla, oil, and vinegar.  Pour the wet ingredients into the dry, and stir just until evenly moistened.   Fold in the chocolate chips.  Pour the batter into the prepared pan, and sprinkle the top with Demerara sugar.  Bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes, until it's nicely browned around the edges and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.  Remove the bread from the oven. After 10 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Substitute 1/3 cup (3 ounces) regular smooth (not natural) peanut butter for the peanut butter powder and water, if desired.To make a peanut butter glaze: Sift 1/4 cup powdered peanut butter and 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar into a small mixing bowl. Stir in 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons water, and a pinch of salt. Spread the glaze over the cooled bread.  
    