Pennsylvania Dutch Hamburg Barbecue Sandwich
    
    Easy to fix and filling, this barbecue "sauce" is best served in a potato bun, with chips and pickles on the side and a cold glass of lemonade to cool you off. It's got a tangy, sweet and sour flavor that'll appeal even to the youngsters at the table.
    
     Potato Buns  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g potato flour or potato flakes 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or 21g nonfat dry milk 25g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 227g water 57g butter  Bun Topping  14g butter, melted  The Sauce  454g ground beef 156g onion, diced 142g ketchup 57g water a pinch each of salt and pepper 28g vinegar 28g brown sugar 1 teaspoon mustard, yellow or golden 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 
    
     Directions   To make the potato buns: Combine all of the ingredients — by hand, stand mixer, or bread machine — to make a smooth, shiny, supple dough.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk, about 1 hour, depending on the warmth of your kitchen.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and divide it into eight pieces.  Round each piece into a ball, cover the balls, and allow them to rest for 10 minutes.  Using your fingers, flatten each ball into a round. Then use a rolling pin to make nice, smooth, 5" (or so) circles. They'll shrink back to about 4" in diameter; that's OK. Place the circles in a lightly greased pan or pans, sides touching, and let them rise, covered, for 60 to 90 minutes, or until they're puffy.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the buns for about 15 minutes, or until they're a light golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and brush them with melted butter. This will keep their crusts soft. Let them cool on a wire rack.  To make the sauce: In a large frying pan fry the hamburger and onions until browned, stirring often.  Drain off the fat. Add the other ingredients and stir until well-mixed. Simmer mixture for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring frequently. Serve hot on a bun.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  These soft, golden buns are the perfect vehicle for the sandwiches outlined above. Use freshly mashed potatoes if you wish — about a half cup should do it, and don't forget to reduce the water by 2 to 3 tablespoons — but we usually opt for potato flour, for the sake of convenience.Our thanks to reader Sheree McCleary for this recipe. 
    