Pineapple Upside-Down Rolls
    
    A creative invention from the Iowa State Fair by Lana Ross of Indianola: tender, cinnamon-filled dough is baked atop sweet, coconut-laced pineapple, then flipped upside down for a show-stopping result. 
    
     Dough  57g lukewarm water 2 teaspoons instant or active dry yeast 227g milk 57g unsalted butter, softened 50g granulated sugar 1 teaspoon salt 2 large eggs 602g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Topping  57g large-flake unsweetened coconut 567g drained crushed pineapple; divided, juice reserved 57g unsalted butter 106g brown sugar 39g corn light syrup 1/4 teaspoon salt  Filling  106g brown sugar, light or dark 2 teaspoons cinnamon 1 teaspoon Instant ClearJel or 1 tablespoon King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/4 teaspoon salt 28g unsalted butter, softened 2 teaspoons lime juice 64g drained crushed pineapple (from above) 28g shredded unsweetened coconut 
    
     Directions   For the dough: Pour the water into a large mixing bowl and sprinkle the yeast into it. Add the remaining ingredients, reserving 1/4 cup of flour to use only if needed. Mix the dough until it comes together; cover and let rest for 15 minutes.  After the first rest, turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and supple. Place in a greased bowl, cover, and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.   To make the topping: Butter two 8" round pans or a 9" x 13" pan. Sprinkle the large-flake coconut evenly over the bottom of the pan(s).    Measure 1/4 cup of drained crushed pineapple and set it aside for the filling; sprinkle the rest over the coconut in the baking pan(s).  Cook the pineapple juice in a small saucepan over medium heat until reduced to a syrupy consistency. Add the butter, brown sugar, corn syrup, and salt and cook, stirring, until the brown sugar dissolves. Pour the syrup evenly over the pineapple and coconut in the pan.   To make the filling: In a medium bowl combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, ClearJel, and salt. Mix in the butter until a paste forms, then stir in the lime juice, 1/4 cup reserved pineapple, and coconut.    When the dough is fully risen, deflate it and roll it out on a lightly greased work surface to a 12" x 18" rectangle. Spread the filling over the dough, leaving a 1" strip along the long edge uncovered. Roll up the dough the long way, and pinch the seam closed.   Cut the dough into 1" slices and place in the pan(s). Cover and let rise for 45 to 60 minutes, until very puffy looking. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove them from the oven and let them cool for 15 minutes before turning them upside down onto a serving dish to finish cooling.   Enjoy warm or at room temperature. Store any leftover rolls, wrapped in plastic, at room temperature for a couple of days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have Instant ClearJel, you can use 1 tablespoon flour for the filling. An easy trick for slicing the cinnamon buns to wrap unflavored dental floss around the dough and pull it through. 
    