Pompanoosuc Porridge Bread
    
    Leftover porridge? No problem! Make this soft, chewy whole-grain loaf and enjoy your porridge as toast or a sandwich piled high with your favorite deli meats. If you’re like us, you may find yourself making an extra-big batch of porridge just to make this bread!
    
       227g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 241g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 2 1/2 teaspoons salt 25g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 227g cooked Pompanoosuc porridge* 283g lukewarm water 28g unsalted butter, softened *See "tips," below. 
    
     Directions   Weigh out your flours; you’ll find their weights by toggling to “ounces” at the top of the ingredient section above. Or measure them by gently spooning them into a cup, then sweeping off any excess.  Mix together all the ingredients – by hand or mixer – until everything is cohesive.  To knead by hand: Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead for 3 to 4 minutes. Let the dough rest for 5 to 10 minutes, then knead for 3 to 4 minutes more until a soft, smooth dough forms. Place the dough in an oiled bowl, cover, and let it rise until it's doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  To knead in a mixer: Set the mixer to the second lowest setting, and use the dough hook to knead the dough for 2 to 3 minutes. Let the dough rest for 5 to 10 minutes, then knead the dough for 2 to 3 minutes more until a soft, smooth dough forms. Remove the dough, oil the mixing bowl, then return the dough to the bowl. Let the dough rise until it's doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Shape the dough into a round or oval loaf and place it on a parchment-lined or greased baking sheet or into a lightly greased bread baking bowl.  Cover the dough and let it rise for about 1 hour, or until it's slightly less than doubled in bulk.  Slash the top of the loaf several times; a crosshatch pattern is nice for a round loaf, or diagonal slashes for an oval loaf. Bake in a preheated 350°F oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until it’s a deep golden brown and the internal temperature at the center reads 190° on a digital thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven and transfer it to a rack to cool completely.  Store bread, wrapped in plastic, at room temperature for several days; or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Substitute your favorite cooked porridge or cooked oatmeal (steel-cut oats preferred) for the Pompanoosuc porridge, if desired. Make sure porridge or oatmeal are cooked until thick.Do you have a bread machine? The dough for this loaf is easily prepared through the first rise using the machine's dough cycle. Remove the risen loaf from the machine at the completion of its cycle and continue with step #5. 
    