Poppy Seed Rolls
    
    These are tiny 2" rolls like the ones that you find in restaurants. They have a touch of sweetness from the brown sugar, and are especially delicious when served piping hot. You can certainly make larger rolls or loaves as well; if you choose to make larger breads, the only adjustment you need to make is in the baking time. A 4" roll will take about 25 minutes, while two standard loaves will take 35 to 40 minutes.
    
       454g warm water 21g active dry yeast 106g light brown sugar 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk (See "tips," below.) 18g salt 35g poppy seeds 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 340g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour or White Whole Wheat Flour 
    
     Directions   Pour the water into a large bowl. Sprinkle the yeast on top and stir with a whisk until dissolved. Add the brown sugar and 1 cup of the all-purpose flour. Let this sit for about 10 minutes, to give the yeast a chance to get started.  Stir the dry milk, the salt, the poppy seeds and 1 cup of the unbleached flour together and add to the yeast mixture. Stir until well combined.  Add the rest of the flours, a cup at a time, stirring well after each addition, until the dough has pulled away from the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it, adding more flour as necessary, until the dough is smooth.  Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap. Place the bowl in a warm, draft-free spot and let rise until it is puffy, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Punch the dough down and turn it out onto a floured counter. Divide the dough into two equal pieces and roll each into a rope 24" long.  Cut each rope into 24 1" pieces. Roll each piece into a round ball and place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. The rolls need to be 2" apart.  Spray the rolls with water and let rise for about 30 minutes, until they're a little swollen. Preheat the oven to 400°F while the rolls are rising.  Bake the rolls for 15 to 20 minutes, or until well-browned and baked through. Cool on racks.  Store, well-wrapped, on the counter for 2 days, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The dry milk is optional; you can omit it, or use 1 cup of milk in place of one of the cups of water. You may wish to scald the milk first to inhibit any enzymes in the milk that may interfere with yeast activity. 
    