Pretzel Bites
    
    You know the chewy texture and distinctive "street vendor pretzel" flavor you get in pretzels bought hot from a pushcart in the city? These bite-sized pretzels, in either a sweet or classic salty version, are a wonderful made-at-home take on those metro-style treats.
    
     Dough  298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon sugar 7g instant yeast 198g to 227g warm water* *Use the greater amount in the winter, the lesser amount in the summer, and somewhere in between in the spring and fall. Your goal is a soft dough.  Topping  227g boiling water 28g baking soda coarse, kosher or pretzel salt; or coarse or Swedish pearl sugar, optional 85g unsalted butter, melted cinnamon-sugar, optional 
    
     Directions   To make dough by hand, or with a mixer: Place all of the dough ingredients into a bowl, and beat until well-combined. Knead the dough, by hand or machine, for about 5 minutes, until it's soft, smooth, and quite slack. Flour the dough and place it in a bag, and allow it to rest for 30 minutes.   To make dough with a bread machine: Place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for dough or manual, and press Start. Allow the dough to proceed through its kneading cycle (no need to let it rise), then cancel the machine, flour the dough, and give it a rest in a plastic bag, as instructed above.  While the dough is resting, prepare the topping: Combine the boiling water and baking soda, stirring until the soda is totally (or almost totally) dissolved. Set the mixture aside to cool to lukewarm (or cooler).   Preheat your oven to 400°F. Prepare a baking sheet by spraying it with vegetable oil spray, or lining it with parchment paper. If you're not using King Arthur Flour's brand, grease the parchment with vegetable oil spray to make double-sure the bites won't stick.   Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and divide it into six equal pieces.    Roll the six pieces of dough into 12" to 15" ropes. Cut each rope crosswise into about 12 pieces.  Pour the cooled baking soda solution into a pan large enough to hold the bites. Place the bites into the solution, gently swish them around, and leave them there for a couple of minutes. Transfer them to a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, and top with pretzel salt or sea salt; or with pearl sugar, for sweet pretzel bites.  Bake the bites for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and roll them in the melted butter.  For cinnamon-sugar pretzels, toss with cinnamon-sugar once you've rolled the bites in the butter.  Place on a rack. In you're not going to enjoy them immediately, store the bites, well-wrapped, at room temperature. Reheat briefly before serving.  Yield: about 6 dozen bites.  
    
    
    