Pumpkin Sticky Buns
    
    These deep gold sticky buns are an autumn variation on a perennial favorite!
    
     Dough  340g to 397g King Arthur Pastry Flour Blend 7g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 35g sugar 1 teaspoon Apple Pie Spice (or 1/2 teaspoon each cinnamon and ground ginger + 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg) 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 425g pumpkin 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 46g potato flour or potato flakes 43g butter  Filling  21g Instant ClearJel 50g sugar 60g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 106g toasted pepitas or pecans, 85g diced and toasted (See "tips", below.) 2 large eggs  Glaze  57g butter 71g toasted pepitas or pecans 213g brown sugar 117g light corn syrup 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand, mixer or bread machine — until you've made a soft, smooth dough. Add a bit of water if the dough seems too dry.  Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 hour, or until it's puffy (though not necessarily doubled in bulk).  To make the glaze: Melt the butter and pour it into two 9" round pans.  Sprinkle the toasted pumpkin seeds or pecans and the sugar over the butter, then drizzle on the corn syrup.   To assemble: Deflate the dough, then roll it on a floured surface into a 12" x 16" rectangle.   Combine the filling ingredients, and spread them onto the dough.  Starting with a long edge, roll the dough into a log, pinch the edge to seal it, and slice it into sixteen 1" pieces.   Place the buns in the pan, cover, and allow them to rise for 1 hour, or until puffy.   Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the buns for 25 minutes, or until they're golden brown and you see the glaze bubbling.    Remove the buns from the oven, and immediately turn them out of the pan(s) onto a serving plate to cool.  Store, covered, for 2 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Pepitas are green pumpkin seeds that can be found in Spanish markets and well-stocked grocery stores. Using the white pumpkin seeds from your Halloween pumpkin won't work. 
    