Pumpkin Bread Pudding
    
    This smooth and creamy, golden-orange bread pudding gets rave reviews from our taste testers — also known as our Customer Service Team, the people you talk to when you call our 800 number or Baker's Hotline.
    
       6 large eggs 425g pumpkin or squash 454g light cream or half & half 227g milk 149g granulated sugar 71g brown sugar 57g rum, optional 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1 teaspoon ground ginger 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg 2 teaspoons vanilla extract about 510g bread, cut in 3/4" cubes (See "tips", below.)  Garnish  46g crystallized ginger 
    
     Directions   In a large mixing bowl, combine the eggs, pumpkin, cream or half & half, milk, sugars, rum, salt, spices, and vanilla, stirring to blend.  Lightly grease a 2-quart baking dish or a 9" x 13" pan; if you're going to refrigerate the pudding before baking, be sure to use a dish that can go from the fridge to a hot oven.  Place the cubed bread in the dish in an even layer, and pour the liquid mixture over it. Let it rest at room temperature for 30 minutes, or for up to 24 hours in the refrigerator.  Preheat your oven to 350°F.  When you're ready to bake the pudding, stir it together to redistribute the custard; quite a bit of it will have been absorbed by the bread.   Sprinkle with grated nutmeg, if desired; and bake until set and beginning to brown, about 40 to 50 minutes.  Serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream; garnish with minced crystallized ginger, if desired.  Store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Try using our  Holiday Pumpkin Bread. The recipe makes 2 loaves, so you can enjoy one, and save the other for this pudding. Or use any non-savory bread: brioche, a sweet bread, or plain white or whole wheat bread.This basic formula can be used to make bread pudding from all kinds of leftover bread, even savory herb or cheese-type breads. Simply leave out the pumpkin and add a cup of dried raisins or other dried fruit, if desired. If you're making a savory bread pudding, leave out the sugar and spices (though adding a bit of dry mustard and a cup or two of grated cheese is delightful). Also, if you have just a small amount of leftover bread, cut back the recipe proportionately and bake in a smaller pan, cutting back the baking time accordingly. 
    