Quick-Knead Malted Wheat Flake Bread
    
    This bread is slightly sweet, chewy, nutty — and delightfully dense. The method for making it is similar to no-knead, with time doing most of the dough development. A bit of hands-on "folding over" helps the process along. 
    
       567g warm water 142g Our Favorite Fruit Blend (or your favorite blend of chopped or small dried fruits) 113g malted wheat flakes 227g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour or 100% White Whole Wheat Flour 241g Sir Lancelot Hi-Gluten Flour (strongly recommended) or King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 21g grape seed flour, optional 2 tablespoons Whole-Grain Bread Improver or vital wheat gluten 2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon instant yeast 113g coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts 
    
     Directions   Place the warm water in a large bowl with the fruit and malted wheat flakes. Let sit for 15 minutes.  Whisk together the flours, Whole Grain Bread Improver or vital wheat gluten, salt, and yeast.  Pour into the bowl with the water/fruit; stir to blend.  Use your hands to fold the dough over in the bowl until the flour is incorporated.  Add the nuts, and continue to knead the dough for a minute or two, until the nuts are evenly distributed; it will still be slightly sticky. Let the dough rest at room temperature, covered, for 3 hours. Turn the dough over a few times, cover, and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight.    Shape the dough into a long loaf or ball, and place it in a lightly greased, lidded 14" to 15" long stoneware baker, or lidded 4 1/2-quart baking crock. Cover with plastic or a damp cloth and let rise at room temperature for about 3 to 4 hours, until it's noticeably puffy; it's not a high-riser. Slash the loaf a few times on the diagonal.   Place the lid on the pan, and put the pan in a cold oven. Set the oven temperature to 400°F.   Bake the bread for 50 minutes, then remove the lid and bake for another 10 minutes, until it's deep brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°F. Remove the bread from the oven, transfer it to a rack, and cool before slicing.   Yield: one large loaf, about 24 servings    
    
    
    