Quinoa Date and Nut Bread
    
    It's hard not to love this bread. It's made using two forms of quinoa — the flour and the cooked grain — which both contribute to its moist, tender texture and subtle nutty flavor. Meanwhile, pockets of sweet dates and buttery pecans make it into each bite so that even a plain slice of this loaf is compelling and appetizing. We also enjoy serving toasted slices tartine-style, with creamy cheese and salty cured ham.
    
     Sponge  113g sourdough starter, ripe (fed) or discard 283g lukewarm water 43g honey 110g quinoa flour 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast  Dough  2 teaspoons salt 418g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 340g cooked quinoa, lightly packed 170g chopped pecans, toasted for best flavor 149g chopped dates 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: Combine all the ingredients and mix until smooth. Cover the sponge, and let it sit for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's very bubbly.  To make the dough: Mix the salt into the sponge, then gradually incorporate the bread flour, either by hand or stand mixer, until a shaggy dough forms.   Knead the dough until it's smooth and somewhat stiff.   Knead in the cooked quinoa, pecans, and dates until they're thoroughly incorporated into the dough; at this point the dough will have slackened, but shouldn't be too sticky to handle.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover, and set aside to rise until it's just about doubled in size, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Gently deflate the dough on a lightly floured work surface, divide it in half, and shape each half into a round (boule).  Place the boules on a cornmeal-sprinkled or parchment-lined baking sheet, cover, and let rise until not quite doubled in size, 45 minutes to 1 hour.  During the final 20 minutes of rising, preheat the oven to 425°F.   Bake the loaves for 15 minutes at 425°F, then reduce the oven heat to 375°F and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes, or until a digital thermometer inserted in the center of the loaves registers 200°F.  Remove the loaves from the oven and transfer them to a rack to cool completely.  Store, well wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    