
breadsticks with black pepper & cheddar

breads, cheese

2 1/2 cup unbleached flour plus
1/2 cup (approximately for kneading
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 pinch sugar (generous)
1 1/2 cup ; warm water
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
3  scallions; sliced thin - (abt. 1/4
1 cup grated cheddar cheese
1 egg white; lightly beaten - with 1
1  cornmeal
1 kosher salt (opt'l.)

in a mixing bowl, combine 1 1/2 c. of the unbleached flour with the
whole wheat flour and salt.  make a well in the flour and add yeast,
sugar and 1/2 c. of the warm water. let yeast stand until foamy,
about 5 to 10 minutes.

stir in another 1/2 c. water and the oil.  add remaining water and
stir the batter vigorously with a wooden spoon. add 1/2 c. flour and
beat well. stir in the pepper, scallions, cheese and another 1/2 c.
flour; blend well.

sprinkle about 1/4 c. of the flour for kneading on a pastry board or
marble and turn the dough out onto it. knead, adding the rest of the
flour as needed, until the dough is smooth and homogeneous and
springs back when pressed with your thumb.  the dough will be
slightly sticky, but should not be too sticky.  add a bit more flour
if necessary.

cover the dough with a clean, dry tea towel and let it rest 5 to 10
minutes.  roll it into a cylinder about 20 to 24" long and cut the
cylinder into about 20 pieces with a sharp knife. let the pieces
rest, covered, for 5 minutes.

lightly oil two baking sheets and sprinkle them lightly with
cornmeal. roll each piece of dough into a cylinder about 10" long and
3/4" wide, and place ten of them on each baking sheet. if you prefer
smaller breadsticks, cut each one in half crosswise.

preheat the oven to 350 f. and set the baking sheets, covered with
clean tea towels, in a warm place to rise. gas ovens generate a
warmth while preheating which is just right for raising the dough;
just turn the baking sheets occasionally to ensure even heat. if you
have an electric oven, choose a different place for raising. let the
sticks rise 25 to 30 minutes, until they have increased in size by
about 50 percent.

with a sharp knife, make five or six diagonal slashes on top of each
breadstick.  brush them lightly with the egg white and water mixture.
sprinkle very lightly with salt, if desired.

bake breadsticks for 20 to 25 minutes (16 to 20 minutes if you've cut
them in half), changing the position of the baking sheets on the oven
racks about halfway through baking time. the breadsticks should be
golden brown.

eat them right away or let them cool and store them in tightly closed
tins; wrapped tightly, they can be stored in the freezer for up to a
month. wrap them in foil and gently reheat at 300 f. for 10 to 12
minutes (slightly longer if frozen) before serving.


belsinger and dille write: "more like small baguettes than the
completely dry commercial breadsticks, these have a crisp crust and a
chewy, bready interior.  they have a nice, lingering, peppery
aftertaste that complements most soups and salads, and aperitifs or
cocktails, and they're excellent party fare."

from susan belsinger and carolyn dille's "peppercorns around the
world" article in "the herb companion." dec. 1992/jan. 1993, vol. 5,
no. 2. pg. 46.  posted by cathy harned.

yield: 1 batch


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

