
caramel sticky buns

breads

1/4  to 1/2 cup warm water
3 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1  egg, beaten
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon instant nonfat dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1  caramel topping
3 tablespoon butter or margarine, melted

makes 1 dozen

combine 1/4 cup of the water, 1 tablespoon of the sugar and yeast.
stir to dissolve yeast and let stand until bubbly, about 5 minutes.
stir in egg.

fit processor with steel blade.  measure flour, dry milk, remaining 2
tablespoons of the sugar and salt into work bowl. process until mixed,
about 5 seconds.

turn on processor and slowly pour yeast mixture through feed tube into
flour mixture.  slowly drizzle just enough remaining water into flour
mixture so dough forms a ball that cleans sides of the bowl. process
until ball turns around bowl about 25 times. turn off processor and
let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes.

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft, smooth and satiny but not stickyl. process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times.

cover processor and let dough stand at room temperature until it
begins to rise, about 30 minutes.

prepare caramel topping while dough is rising.  pour topping into
greased 9-inch round cake or pie pan.

process on/off.  turn dough onto lightly greased surface. divide into
12 equal parts.  shape each into ball, dip in melted butter and
arrange over caramel topping in pan. let stand in warm place until
doubled, about 1 hour.

heat oven to 400 f.  bake buns until brown, 10 - 12 minutes. cool
about one minute, then invert buns onto serving plate. serve warm or
at room temperature.

caramel topping: 3 tbsp packed brown sugar 3 tbsp butter or margarine
2 tbsp dark corn syrup 1/4 cup chopped walnuts or pecans

combine brown sugar, butter, and corn syrup in small saucepan. cook
over medium heat, stirring constantly, until bubbly and brown sugar
dissolves.

remove from heat.  stir in nuts.

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

