
chinese steamed pork buns - 1

breads, meats, chinese

2 tablespoon hoi sin sauce
1 1/2 tablespoon oyster sauce
1 1/2 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon sesame oil
8 oz barbecued pork
4  green onions
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon grated pared fresh ginger
1  clove garlic, crushed
1 1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon cornstarch
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup vegetable shortening or lard
1 teaspoon white vinegar
1  water
2  whole pork tenderloins,
1  about 12 ounces
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoon dry red wine
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon honey
2 teaspoon red food coloring,
1  if desired
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1  clove garlic, crushed
1  green onion

note: these buns are cooked in bamboo steamers which are available in
chinese and specialty gourmet cookware stores. the round steamers can
be pruchased in various sizes separately or in sets of two of three
tiers. for cooking, the covered steamer(s) is (are) placed over
boiling water in a wok or large saucepan. the above is quoted
directly from a section connected to the recipe.  this is my own
note. i do not like the flavor that a bamboo steamer imparts to
recipes; therefore, i bought an aluminum chinese steamer.
1. combine hoi sin sauce, oyster sauce, soy sauce and sesame oil.
chop pork and onions finely.
2. heat vegetable oil in wok or fry pan over high heat. stir-fry
ginger and garlic in the oil 1 minute. stir in hoi sin mixture. cook
and stir two minutes. combine 1/2 cup of the water and the constarch.
blend into hoi sin mixture.  cook and stir until liquid boils. reduce
heat to medium and simmer 2 minutes. stir in pork and onions. remove
from heat. cool completely.
3. combine flour, baking powder and salt in large bowl. cut or rub in
shortenilng until mixture resembles bread crumbs. combine remaining
3/4 cup of the water and the vinegar. mix water-vinegar into flour
until dough sticks together.  shape dough into ball. knead on lightly
floured surface 6 or 8 times. cover with plastic wrap and let stand
20 minutes.
uncover and knead 4 or 5 more times.  divide dough into 12 equal
portions.
shape each portions into a smooth ball.
4. roll each ball of dough on lightly floured surface into a circle
5 to 6 inches in diameter.  brush around edges lightly with water.
spoon a heaping tablespoon of pork mixture onto center of each
circle. carefully pinch edges together to seal dough around filling.
bring the two ends of dough over the seam and pinch together.
5. cut waxed paper into twelve 5-inch squares.  brush one side of
paper lightly with oil.  place a bun, seam side down, on each square.
6.place buns with paper in single layer on steamer rack over boiling
water.  cover and steam buns until done about 20 minutes. yield: 1
dozen barbecued pork: 1. remove and discard fat from meat.
2. combine soy sauce, wine, sugar, honey, food coloring, cinnamon,
garlic and onion in large bowl. add pork, turning tenderloins to coat
completely. cover and let stand at room temperature 1 hour or
refrigerate overnight, turning occasionaly.
3. drain pork, reserve marinade.  place pork on wire rack over
baking pan.
4. bake in preheated 350 degree f. oven until done, about 45 minutes.
turn and baste frequently during baking.
5. remove pork from oven.  cool.  cut into diagonal slices.
source: chinese cooking class cookbook by the editors of comsumer
guide

yield: 12 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

