
chive & dill batter bread

breads

1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon or packet active dry yeast
2 cup (1pint) lowfat cottage cheese
1/2 cup chopped chives (onions or scallions; )
1  heaping tbsp dill weed, or seeds
2  eggs
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup stone ground whole wheat flour
3 cup unbleached all purpose flour

there are particular batter breads that have become very popular over
the years and this is one of them. its full of dill, chives, and
lowfat cottage cheese, and contains no other fat at all. but it's so
moist and chewy, you'd never think of eating it with butter.

pour the warm water into a large mixing bowl and dissolve in it the
sugar and the yeast. while they dissolve, heat the cottage cheese in
a large saucepan until the chill is off. when it has warmed slightly,
add the chives, dill, eggs, salt, baking soda, and flour. mix this
all up and add it to the yeast mixture, making sure it is all well
blended. the next part, the rising or proofing, takes time, but it's
the yeast that doing all the work.  you can determine how long it
will take by where you put the dough. if you want the yeast to work
quickly, say in 1-1/2 hours, put your bowl somewhere warm and cozy
(75f-85f) if you want the yeast to work slowly, say all day while
you're at work, put the dough somewhere cool (55f-65f) or in the
refrigerator. make sure your dough is covered so it doesn't dry out,
and then go away and do whatever you have to do. about an hour before
you want to serve your bread, stir it down, and pour it into two
small, lightly greased casserole dishes or 4-1/2x8-1/2 bread pans.
cover and let them rise again, this time for 3/4 to 1 hour. (if the
dough is cold, the loaves may take a bit more time to rise.) about 15
minutes before you bake your bread, preheat your oven to 350f. bake
the loaves for 30-35 minutes or until they are brown and crusty.

origin: cookbook digest mar/apr 93 shared by: sharon stevens

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

