
chocolate pancakes with chocolate-raspberry s

breads, desserts, low cal, fruits/nuts

      ----chocolate pancakes----
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
1 large egg white
1/4 cup skim milk
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/2 pint non-fat vanilla frozen  yogurt
1/3 cup chocolate-raspberry sauce  (recipe; below)
1/2 cup fresh raspberries
      ----chocolateraspberry sauce----
1/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder
3 tablespoon seedless raspberry jam
2 teaspoon framboise (optional)
1 teaspoon arrowroot  or -
1 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch

chocolate pancakes: in a medium-sized bowl, stir together flour,
sugar, cocoa, baking powder and salt. in a small bowl, whisk together
egg white, milk, oil and vanilla. make a well in the center of the
dry ingredients and gradually whisk in the liquid mixture, stirring
just until combined. let the batter stand for 5 minutes, or
refrigerate for up to 1 hour. heat a large non-stick skillet over
medium low heat. when hot, coat it lightly with non-stick cooking
spray. drop 3 to 4 pancakes, using about 1 1/2 tablespoons batter per
pancake, into the pan and cook until the underside is browned and the
bubbles on top remain open, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. turn the pancakes
over and cook until the underside is browned, about 15 seconds.
repeat with the remaining batter. arrange the pancakes on dessert
plates. top with scoops of frozen yogurt and chocolate-raspberry
sauce. garnish with raspberries.  serves 2. chocolate-raspberry
sauce: in a small saucepan, whisk together sugar, cocoa and arrowroot
or cornstarch. gradually whisk in 1/4 c water and jam. bring to a
simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly.  remove from the heat
an stir in framboise if using. let cool slightly.  (the sauce can be
stored, covered, in the refrigerator for up to
1    week.)  makes 2/3 cup. calories: 357 per serving; protein:
8 grams; fat: 3 grams; carbohydrate: 78 grams; sodium: 287 milligrams;
cholesterol: 1 milligram.

yield: 2 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

