
christmas stollen

breads, swedish

1 cup milk
1/2 cup plus 2 tbsp granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
5 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1/2 cup finely chopped candied citron
1/2 cup finely chopped candied cherries
1 cup slivered almonds
1  grated rind of 1 lemon
1 cup seedless raisins
2  eggs, beaten
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2/3 cup sifted confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoon hot water

pour milk into a saucepan. heat to scalding. turn off heat; stir in
1/2 cup of the granulated sugar and the salt. let mixture cool to
lukewarm. in a large bowl, dissolve yeast in the 1/2 cup warm water;
let mixture rest for 5 minutes. pour lukewarm milk mixture into yeast
solution. stir in 1 cup of the flour. beat dough with electric mixer
or egg beater until smooth. cover bowl with cloth towel; let dough
rise in a warm place 1 hour and 30 minutes or until double in bulk.

punch down dough in bowl; fold in citron, cherries, almonds, lemon
rind and raisins. add eggs, 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) of the softened
butter and the nutmeg. stir in 3 more cups flour; mix dough until
smooth. turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. knead, working
in enough of remaining flour to make dough smooth and elastic. divide
dough into halves; roll each portion into an oval, about 1/2" thick.

in a small saucepan, melt remaining butter; brush it over ovals. in a
small bowl, combine cinnamon with remaining 2 tbsp granulated sugar;
sprinkle mixture over ovals. fold ovals in half, lengthwise. place
them on buttered baking sheet. twist ends of each oval toward each
other to form a crescent. loosely cover ovals with wax paper and a
cloth towel. let stollen rise in a warm place about 1 hour or until
double in bulk.

preheat oven to 350 degrees. bake stollen 45 minutes or until golden.
in a small bowl, combine confectioners' sugar with enough of the hot
water to make a thick icing. dribble icing over hot stollen; let
stollen cool before slicing. makes 1 stollen.

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

