
christopsomo tis kirias zinis

breads, holiday, greek

4 1/2 cup semolina flour
2 1/4 cup sugar
3 tablespoon freshly ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon freshly ground anise
1 tablespoon freshly ground coriander
2 teaspoon freshly ground cloves
3  oranges
6  tangerines
2 1/2 cup dried currants
1 cup golden raisins
1 cup olive oil, mild
      ----starter dough----
4 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar hot water, just above body  t; emperature
4 cup all-purpose flour; plus extra for kneading

make the flavoring addition first.  combine the semolina flour, sugar,
cinnamon, anise, coriander, and cloves in a bowl and add the finely
grated zests of the oranges and tangerines. squeeze some of the
oranges and tangerines.  squeeze some of the oranges and tangerines
to obtain 1 1/4 cups juice.  use half this juice to soak the currants
and raisins for a minimum of 1 hour, preferably overnight.  put the
remaining juice in a pan with the olive oil.  heat until almost
boiling. pour this into a bowl with the semolina and spice mixture
and stir. cover and leave overnight until needed. next day, combine
the dried yeast with the sugar and hot water in a cup. put the flour
in a bowl, making a well in the center. pour in the yeast mixture.
squeeze 2/3 cup more orange and tangerine juice, warm it, nad add.
work to a smooth dough, adding more water and warm juice if
necessary.  put the dough into an oiled bowl, cover with a cloth, and
leave to rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size - about an
hour. punch down the dough in a bowl.  combine the drained currants
and raisins with the semolina and spice mixture and, working with
your hands, combine with the dough.  turn the dough onto a floured
surface and knead for 10 minutes, adding more flour if the dough is
sticky. divide the dough into three equal pieces.  oil 3 loaf pans,
each 1-1/2 quart capacity. shape each piece to fit the length of the
pan and fit them in, so the corners are well filled. cover with a
cloth and leave to rise in a warm place until almost double in size -
another hour. bake in an oven preheated to 350 f for 1 hour and 10
minutes or more; the loaves should be rich brown color and make a
hollow sound when the unmolded bread is thumped on the bottom. leave
on a rack to cool.  the bread will keep for at least 3 weeks.

yield: 3 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

