
crusty whole-wheat baguettes

breads

1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cold water
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon honey
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1/2 cup bread flour
1  oil and cornmeal for pan

these baguettes are crusty, deep brown and dusted with flour. the
dough can also be shaped into a round and backed on a pizza pan,
preferably black steel. slash the loaves with a sharp knife or with
the metal blade of a food processor (hold it carefully by the center
hub); deep slashes make a great-looking baguette.

basic sponge

in processor fitted with metal blade, mix basic sponge with water,
salt, and honey until smooth. combine flours. (if processor is
standard- size remove half of sponge mixture and add flours in two
batches.) add combines flours, 1/4 cup at a time, pulsing several
times to incorporate each addition. then process dough until supple,
elastic and sticking slightly to work bowl, about 1 minute, adding
more water or flour by teaspoon, if dough is either too dry or too
wet. dough should be very sticky.

transfer dough to large plastic bag, squeeze out all air and seal
tightly at top of bag to allow enough room for dough to expand. set
bag in bowl and let dough rise in warm spot until doubled, about 1
hour.

oil double baguette bread pan. sprinkle bottom lightly with cornmeal.
punch dough down, place on generously floured surface and divide in
half. pat each piece into rectangle. start on long side to roll up
dough. pinch seams to seal. gently stretch to fit pan, if necessary.
place dough seam side down, in pan. sprinkle flour lightly over top.
cover loosely with plastic. (can be refrigerated at this point for
several hours. remove from refrigerator about 1 1/2 hours before
baking.) let dough rise in warm spot until doubled, about 50 minutes
or longer if previously refrigerated. slash surface.

about 15 minutes before baking, put rack on bottom of oven at set 1 t
475 degrees f. place bread in oven, then immediately turn down heat
to 425 degrees f. bake baguettes until deeply browned and sounding
hollow when rapped on bottom. about 15 to 18 minutes. immediately
remove from pan. place on wire rack.makes
2    baguettes, or 8 servings.

each serving contains about:

239 calories; 445 mg sodium; 0 mg cholesterol; 2.7 grams fat; 49 grams
carbohydrates; 7.2 grams protein; 0.7 grams fiber; 10% calories from
fat.

recipe from : los angeles times newspaper, cooking section, thursday
march 05, 1992 by abby mandel.

yield: 2 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

