
damper

breads, australian

2 1/2 cup flour, self-raising
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon butter
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup milk
      -----or-----
1/2 can powdered milk
1 can water

preheat oven to 350 degrees f.  mix together the dry ingredients and the
butter.   add the liquid and mix well.  knead for about 5 minutes (if you
don't know about kneading, look in a good cookery book with plenty of
pictures, it's difficult to describe in words).

shape into a flattened ball and place on a greased and floured baking sheet
or in a greased and floured round cake tin (i recommend the latter, about 7
or 8 inch diameter, as it gives a better shape). bake for 30 minutes. use a
dutch oven if you are cooking in an open fire, and use your experience as
to cooking time.

serve in moderately thick slices while still fairly hot.   i'm told that
golden syrup (a treacle-like substance made as a by-product of cane sugar
refining)  is the traditional thing to spread on it, and that goes well.
jam is good, too.

notes:

*  bread as made by drovers in the outback -- i don't know how many of you
realize it, but there is a wealth of tv programmes about cooking from
around the world. we are lucky in that australia's sbs network (special
broadcasting service "multi-cultural television") has a regular slot for
food and wine at a convenient time on saturday evenings. over the last
couple of years we have seen series on french, indian, chinese, english,
vegetarian, australian and sri lankan cookery, among others. if you're
missing out, why not call your local station?

this recipe comes from a series called "australian tableland".
traditionally, damper should be cooked in the coals of a camp fire, but the
temperature in an oven is much more consistent! this recipe has the
advantages of being simple and, with ordinary care, reliable.

: difficulty:  easy.
: time:  10 minutes preparation, 30 minutes cooking.
: precision:  measure carefully.

: stephen withers,
: the university of melbourne, parkville, victoria 3052, australia.
: uucp: {seismo,mcvax,ukc,ubc-vision}!munnari!murdu.oz!stephenw
: csnet:  stephenw%murdu@munnari.oz

: copyright (c) 1986 usenet community trust

yield: 1 damper


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

