
dow sah bow/ cha siu bow

breads, chinese

1  cake of fresh compressed yeast
1 3/4 cup of warm water
3/4 cup of sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
6 1/2 cup unsifted all purpose flour

first you need to make the dough. this dough is good for steamed or
baked 'bows' (buns). it will yield 2 dozen buns:

for the dough, you need:

dissolve 1/2 yeast cake with sugar in warm water. immediately add
baking powder and then the flour. the dough will be firm and fairly
dry. knead on board for 20 minutes until dough is elastic and smooth.
place in a mixing bowl, cover with a damp cloth and leave in a dry
warm draft-free place until dough doubles in bulk. (about 2 1/2 - 3
hours). punch down the dough and knead 5 minutes more and it's ready
to be stuffed.

if you want cha siu bow, you'll need:

4 cups of finely diced barbecued pork 1/2 cup dehydrated onion flakes

for the sauce (in cha siu bow) use: 2 tsp hoisin sauce 2 tsp sherry 4
tsp oyster sauce 2 tsp ketchup 1 tsp sugar 1 1/2 tb cornstarch 1 1/2
cup chicken stock

soak the onion flakes in a cup with enough water to cover flakes. mix
sauce ingredients in a small sauce pan. cook over medium high heat
until sauce thickens. stir in diced pork and onion flakes. chill for
3 - 4 hours.

if you want dow sah bows, use a can of sweet red bean paste.

divide the filling (pork mixture or sweet bean paste) into 24
portions. divide dough into 24 balls. slightly flatten each ball then
roll out into 4 inch discs, leaving the center twice as thick as the
side. place 1 portion of the filling in the centre. gather up the
sides around the filling, twist dough to seal. place on a 2 inch
square piece of wax paper, twist side down.  allow buns to rise in
draft-free place for another hour.

you can cook them by steaming them 15 minutes. this will give you a
white bun.

you can also bake these. preheat oven to 350. brush with a mixture of
1 beaten egg white, 1 tsp and 1/4 tsp sugar. bake 20 - 25 minutes
until golden brown. brush with melted butter. from "dim sum" by rhoda
yee.

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

