
egg braid

breads

1/4  to 1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup instant nonfat dry milk
1/4 cup cold butter or margarine, cut into; 4 pieces
1 teaspoon salt
2  eggs, beaten
1  egg
1  sesame or poppy seeds, optional

makes 1 loaf

combine 1/4 cup water, yeast and sugar.  stir to dissolve yeast and
let stand until bubbly, about 5 minutes.

fit processor with steel blade.  measure flour, dry milk, butter and
salt into work bowl.  process until mixed, about 15 seconds.

add yeast mixture to flour mixture.  process until blended, about 10
seconds.

turn on processor and slowly drizzle the 2 beaten eggs through feed
tube and just enough remaining water so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl. process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times. turn off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes.

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft, smooth and satiny but not sticky. process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times.

turn dough onto lightly floured surface.  shape into ball and place in
lightly greased bowl, turning to grease all sides. cover with plastic
wrap and let stand in warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.

punch down dough.  divide into 3 equal parts.  shape each part into a
strand about 18 inches long.  braid the strands loosely together.
tuck ends under and pinch to seal. fit braid into greased 8 1/2 x 4
1/2 x 2 1/2 inch loaf pan.  cover loosely with plastic wrap and let
stand in warm place until almost doubled, about 1 hour.

heat oven to 375 f.  beat remaining egg with fork. brush egg over
braid. sprinkle sesame or poppy seeds over braid, if desired. bake
until evenly browned, 25 ~ 30 minutes.

remove immediately from pan.  cool on wire rack.

refrigerator egg braid:  prepare dough through first rising and shape
into braid as directed for egg braid. place in greased loaf pan,
brush with vegetable oil and cover tightly with plastic wrap.
refrigerate 4 to 24 hours.  uncover and let stand at room temperature
30 minutes. bake as directed for egg braid.

raisin bread:  prepare dough as directed for egg braid. turn dough
onto lightly floured surface and knead 1/2 cup dark raisins into the
dough. continue as directed for egg braid, eliminating sesame or
poppy seeds.

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

