
english muffins

breads, breakfast

      ----sponge----
1/4 cup warm water (110f)
1 pinch sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm milk (110f)
2 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut in
1  small pieces and softened
1 tablespoon honey
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
      ----dough----
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1  cornmeal

sponge: butter a 4 quart mixing bowl. in a small bowl, combine warm
water and pinch sugar. sprinkle yeast over water mixture. let stand
until yeast dissolves and bubbles. while yeast is dissolving, in
buttered bowl combine warm milk, butter and honey. stir until butter
is almost melted. stir in 2 1/2 cups flour and dissolved yeast. beat
on high speed for 3 minutes. cover and let rise in warm place until
doubled, about 30 minutes.

dough: butter a 4 quart bowl. stir salt into bread mixture. stir in
enough of remaining flour with a wooden spoon until dough forms a
ball. turn dough out onto a well-floured surface. knead until smooth
and elastic, about 8-10 minutes, adding enough of remaining flour to
keep dough from sticking. place dough in buttered bowl, turning once
to butter surface.

cover and let rise in a warm place until double, about 45 minutes.
punch dough down. divide dough in half. sprinkle board generously
with cornmeal. turn dough out on board. sprinkle cornmeal over top of
dough. gently roll half the dough at a time 1/2" thick. cut with a
floured biscuit cutter into 3" rounds. repeat with remaining half of
dough. knead, reroll, and cut dough scraps once, if desired. arrang
dough rounds on ungreased baking sheets 2" apart.

cover and let rise in a warm place until double, about 30 minutes.
heat a lightly oiled, nonstick griddle or skillet over medium-high
heat. lift some of the dough rounds with a spatula onto griddle. cook
for 2 minutes on each side. reduce heat to medium. cook, turning
every few minutes, 13-18 minutes until done in crnter. cool on racks.
repeat cooking remaining muffins. split muffins in half crosswise
with the tines of a fork.

source: victoria magazine, january 1994 typed by katherine smith
cyberealm bbs and home of kook-net, watertown, ny 315-786-1120

yield: 10 muffins


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

