
filled berlin doughnuts

breads, desserts

1 pkg active dry yeast; or
1 tablespoon active dry yeast; bulk
1/4 cup warm water; (110-115 deg f)
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter or regular margarine
1 tablespoon orange juice
2 teaspoon rum extract
1 cup milk; scalded
1  unbleached flour; *
2  eggs; lg, well beaten
1  fat for deep frying; **
1  jam or jelly

*    use up to 4 cups of unbleached flour in this recipe. ** heat the
fat to 375 degrees f. for frying the doughnuts. soften the yeast in
the warm water and let stand for 5 minutes or until it "blooms" or
proofs. put a half cup of sugar, the salt, butter, orange juice and
rum extract in a large bowl.  pour the scalded milk over the
ingredients in the bowl. stir until the butter is melted.  cool to
lukewarm. when cool, blend in 1 cup of the unbleached flour and beat
until smooth. stir in the yeast and add about half of the remaining
flour, beating until smooth. beat in the eggs. then beat in enough of
the remaining flour to make a soft (should be slightly sticky and
light in weight). turn the dough out onto a lightly floured board and
let rest for 5 to 10 minutes. knead until smooth and elastic (about 8
to 10 minutes). form into a ball and put into a greased bowl, turning
to grease the top of the ball of dough. cover and let rise in a warm
draft free place until doubled in bulk. punch the dough down,
kneading lightly to remove all of the air pockets, and turn the dough
out onto a lightly floured surface. roll to 1/2-inch thickness. cut
the dough into rounds using a 3-inch biscuit or cookie cutter. cover
with waxed paper and let rise on the rolling surface away from drafts
and direct heat, until double in bulk, (30 to 45 minutes). about 20
minutes before frying, heat the fat.  fry the doughnuts in the heated
fat. put only as many doughnuts at one time as will float uncrowded
in a single layer deep in the fat. fry 2 to 3 minutes or until
lightly browned; turn the doughnuts with a fork or tongs, being
careful not to pierce the doughnut, when they rise to the surface. do
this several times during the cooking. lift from the fat, draining
for a few seconds over the fat before removing to absorbent paper
toweling. cool. cut a slit through the center in the side of each
doughnut. force about 1/2 ts of jam or jelly into the center and
press lightly to close the slit. (a pastry bag and tube may be used
to force the jelly or jam into the slit.) shake 2 or 3 bismarks at
one time in a bag containing granulated or powdered sugar. (your
choice.) shake lightly to remove the excess sugar.

yield: 12 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

