
filled berlin doughnuts (kh)

breads, desserts

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup milk, scalded
1/4 cup warm water
3 1/2  to 4 cups flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2  eggs, well beaten
1/3 cup butter
1  fat for deep frying, heated
1  to 375
1 tablespoon orange juice
2 teaspoon rum extract
1  jam or jelly

soften yeast in the warm water. put 1/2 cup sugar, the salt, butter,
orange juice and rum extract into a large bowl. pour scalded milk
over ingredients in bowl. stir until butter is melted. cool to
lukewarm. blend in 1 cup of the flour and beat until smooth. stir in
yeast. add about half of the remaining flour and beat until smooth.
beat in the eggs. then beat in enough of the re- maining flour to
make a soft dough. turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and let
rest 5 to 10 minutes. knead until smooth and elastic. form into a
ball and put into a greased deep bowl; turn dough to bring greased
sur- face to top. cover; let rise in a warm place until double in
bulk. punch down dough. turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and
roll 1/2 inch thick. cut dough into rounds with a 3-inch cutter.
cover with waxed paper and let rise on roll- ing surface away from
drafts and direct heat, until double in bulk (30 to 45 minutes).
about 20 minutes before deep frying, heat fat. fry doughnuts in
heated fat. put in only as many doughnuts at one time as will float
uncrowded one layer deep in the fat. fry 2 to 3 minutes, or until
lightly browned turn doughnuts with a fork or tongs when they rise to
the surface and several times during cooking (do not pierce). lift
from fat; drain over fat for a few seconds before remov- ing to
absorbent paper. cool. cut a slit through to the center in the side
of each doughnut. force about 1/2 teaspoon jam or jelly into center
and press lightly to close slit. (a pastry bag and tube may be used
to force jelly or jam into slit.) shake 2 or 3 bismarcks at one time
in bag containing sugar.

yield: 1 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

