
four-way sweet bread dough

breads

2 cup starter *
4  to 6 egg yolks plus warm water to m; ake 2 cups
1 1/2 cup cold water
1 1/2 cup white flour
1/2 cup sugar
3 cup white flour
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup soft lard
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg dry yeast
5 cup white flour
1 cup dried skim milk powder
1/2 teaspoon ginger

*use grated raw potato starter

empty starter from glass jar into large mixing bowl (do not use metal
or plastic).  add 1-1/2 cups cold water and 1-1/2 cups white flour.
beat thoroughly. cover tightly (clinging transparent wrap is good)
and set in warm place (about 80) overnight.  wash and scald starter
jar and lid. allow to air out overnight. in the morning stir the
starter thoroughly. pour off 2 cups and set aside. pour remaining 2
cups into glass jar, cover and return to refrigerator. mix the 1/2
cup warm water, 1 tsp. sugar, 1/2 tsp. ginger and 1 pkg. yeast. set
in warm place until foaming nicely. pour the 2 cups reserved starter
into mixing bowl.  add 1 cup dried skim milk. beat the egg yolks (the
more yolks the more tender and flaky the texture) in a measuring cup
and add enough warm water to make 2 cups. add to the starter mixture
with 1/2 cups sugar and 3 cups white flour. beat well. add the dry
yeast mixture as soon as it is ready and beat thoroughly. add 1/2
cups soft lard, 1-1/2 tsp. salt and 3 cups white flour. stir until
the dough clears the bowl. spread the remaining 2 cups white flour on
the pastry board. turn out dough and knead thoroughly using a little
more flour if necessary to make a smooth nonsticky but not to stiff
dough. return to the bowl. grease top of dough, cover and set in warm
place to rise. when light turn out dough and knead well. divide into
four even portions to make up in the following ways:  old world lemon
cookies, grenadine slices, cardamom rolls and raisin log.  (if
fillings have been prepared ahead of time and the other ingredients
needed set out while the dough is rising it will take only about 20
minutes to get all of these made up and into the pans. if they are
made in order listed they will be ready for oven at spaced intervals.)

from: breads and coffee cakes with homemade starters shared by: pat
stockett

yield: 6 servings


** exported from now you're cooking! v5.71 **

