Reuben-Filled White Caraway Rolls
    
    Caraway and rye seem to go naturally together like milk and cookies, or chips and dip. But who says you can't have the cookies without the milk... or the caraway without the rye? This soft white bread is a native of Germany, where heavy, dense rye breads, often naturally leavened with a rye sour, are ubiquitous. This fluffy, yeast-leavened bread is quite a change from the norm — though it stays somewhat true to form by including caraway seeds.
    
     Dough  170g milk 7g caraway seeds 57g cold water 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 11g sugar 2 large eggs 57g butter  Reuben Filling  340g to 397g lean corned beef, fully cooked and chopped 227g sauerkraut, rinsed and well-drained or one 397g can 85g fresh bread crumbs (made from part of the bread you pull from the center of the rolls) 113g sautéed onions 113g shredded Swiss or Gruyère cheese, plus 6 slices, about 3" or 4"-square 149g Russian dressing, bottled or homemade (See "tips", below.) 
    
     Directions   Heat the milk and caraway seeds in a small saucepan set over medium-low heat, or in the microwave, until the milk is just about ready to boil. Small bubbles will have formed around the edges.  Stir in the cold water, to cool the milk to lukewarm. (If you like the flavor of caraway, but not the seeds, strain them out.)   To make the dough: Combine the milk mixture with the remaining ingredients and mix — by hand, or mixer — to form a shaggy mass with no dry bits.  Let the mixture rest for 30 minutes. This gives the flour a chance to absorb the liquid, making it easier to knead.  Knead the mixture — by hand or mixer — until you've made a smooth dough.  Place the dough into a greased bowl, then cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until it's almost doubled in size.   To make the dough in a bread machine: Place the lukewarm milk and the remaining ingredients into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for manual or dough, and press Start.   Check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle, and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water. It should be smooth and elastic.  Allow the machine to complete its cycle.   Lightly grease (or line with parchment) a baking sheet.  To shape and bake the rolls: Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface, and fold it over several times to deflate it.   Divide the dough into six equal pieces, roll them into balls, and place them on the baking sheet.   Cover the rolls with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover, and put them in a warm place to rise for 1 hour, or until the loaf is crowned about 1 1/2" over the rim of the pan, or the rolls are very puffy.  Toward the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Cut a tic-tac-toe or cross pattern into the tops of the rolls and spritz them with warm water.  Bake the rolls for 14 to 18 minutes, until they're golden brown.  Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack before filling.  To make the filling: Mix the chopped corned beef with the sauerkraut, bread crumbs, onions, shredded cheese and about 3 tablespoons of the Russian dressing. Reserve the remaining dressing.   Keep the filling cool until you're ready to assemble the rolls.   To assemble and bake the filled rolls: Preheat the oven to 325°F. Lightly grease (or line with parchment) a baking sheet.  Fill the center of each roll with about 1/2 cup of the filling.  Spoon a generous tablespoon of the Russian dressing over the filling, then top with about 1/4 cup additional filling.  Place a slice of cheese over the filling (draping it down over the sides of the roll), top with the bread lid, pushing it down slightly, and place the filled rolls on the  baking sheet.   Bake the filled rolls for 25 to 30 minutes, until they're heated through or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 140°F.  Serve the rolls warm. Store the filled rolls, well-wrapped, in the fridge for up to 2 days or in the freezer for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Russian Dressing • 1 tablespoon yellow or Dijon-style mustard (1/2 ounce, 14g) • 3 tablespoons (1 1/2 ounces, 42g) ketchup • 1/4 cup (1 to 1 1/2 ounces, 28 to 42g) sweet pickles, chopped or pickle relish  • 1/2 cup (4 ounces, 113g) mayonnaise  • 1 teaspoon ground black pepper  Stir together the ingredients listed in the recipe above. Keep the dressing cool until you're ready to use it.  Alternatively, you can make a loaf of white caraway bread by shaping the dough into a log and fitting it into a greased 9" by 5" loaf pan after the first rise. Continue with the second rise, then bake the loaf in a preheated 400°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Use aluminum foil to tent the loaf after 20 minutes to prevent it from over-browning. When the loaf is done, its center should register 195°F on an instant-read thermometer.  
    