Roasted Apple Bread
    
    You'll need to plan ahead for this bread, as it gets its flavor from a lengthy rise. For the best crust, bake it in a ceramic bread crock, or a covered clay baker.
    
       227 to 283g chopped apple* 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 25g sugar 390g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour or King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1/2 teaspoon instant yeast 397g cool water 113g coarsely chopped walnuts or pecans *Leave the apples unpeeled, if you like. Choose apples that stay a bit firm when baked, like Granny Smith or Cortland. 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 425°F.   Core and chop the apples, leaving the skins on if you like.  Toss the apples with the cinnamon and sugar.   Spread the apples on a parchment-lined or greased baking sheet.   Bake the apples for 10 to 15 minutes, until they're fork tender and have concentrated some of their juice; don't roast until mushy! Set aside to cool.    Mix the flours, salt, yeast, and water in a large bowl. Stir, and then use your hands or a dough whisk  to mix and form a sticky dough.  Work the dough just enough to incorporate all the flour.    Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let it rest at room temperature overnight, or for at least 8 hours; it'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit, so use a large bowl.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and work in the roasted apples and nuts.  Shape the dough into a log or round loaf to fit your 14" to 15" long lidded stoneware baker; 9" x 12" oval deep casserole dish with cover; or 9" to 10" round lidded baking crock.  Place the dough in the lightly greased pan, smooth side up.  Cover the pan and let the dough rise at room temperature for about 2 hours, until it's become puffy. It should rise noticeably, but it's not a real high-riser.  Place the lid on the pan, and put the bread in a cold oven. Set the oven temperature to 425°F.  Bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes, then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes, until it's deep brown in color, and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°F.   Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out onto a rack, and cool before slicing. When completely cool, store airtight at room temperature for up to a week; freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    