Rye Pretzels
    
    These ultra-chewy, delightfully tasty soft pretzels are just the ticket served with hot-sweet mustard.
    
     Dough  454g water, room-temperature 11g instant yeast 358g King Arthur High-Gluten Flour 213g pumpernickel flour 14g non-diastatic malt powder or sugar 1 tablespoon Deli Rye Flavor, optional, but key to the pretzels' flavor  Water Bath  1361g water 32g baking soda 14g non-diastatic malt powder, barley malt syrup, or sugar  Topping  kosher salt, pretzel salt, herb salt substitute, caraway seeds, sesame seeds, or a combination  
    
     Directions   Mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to make a soft (though not very sticky) dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl, and let the dough rise until it's puffy, about 1 1/2 hours.  Preheat the oven to 450°F. Grease two baking sheets, or line them with parchment paper. Start heating the water to a boil.   Deflate the dough, kneading it briefly to expel any air bubbles.  Divide it into 16 pieces.  Roll each piece into an 18"-rope about 1/2" in diameter.  Take each rope and make a U-shaped loop with fairly short ends. Cross the rope near the ends, twist the ends a second time, and fold the twist into the middle of the U. Press the ends of the rope on either side of the bottom center of the loop, creating the classic pretzel shape.  By the time you've formed all the pretzels, the water should be boiling. Turn it down to a simmer, and add the baking soda and malt or sugar.  Carefully pick up each pretzel and slide it into the water, cooking about four at a time. Make sure there's plenty of room between them. The pretzels will expand quickly and dramatically.  Simmer the pretzels for about 2 minutes, flip them over, and simmer for another minute.  Use a spatula or slotted spoon to transfer the pretzels to a rack to drain, sprinkling with topping immediately after removing from the water bath.   Place the topped pretzels on the prepared baking sheets.   Bake them for 12 to 15 minutes, until well browned.   Remove from the oven, and serve immediately with mustard.  Store the pretzels, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Reheat any leftovers VERY briefly in the microwave, if desired.  
    