Rye Bread Bowl and Spread
    
    Here's a revelrous appetizer, a hearty loaf of pumpernickel bread hollowed out to become a bowl for the spread you eat it with. And when you're done, you can rip up the bowl itself and eat it!  It's best to make the bread ahead of time so the day of your gathering, all you have to do is hollow it out and scoop in the spread mixture. You can even make it way ahead of time and freeze it.
    
     Bread  680g warm water 43g molasses or barley malt syrup 1 tablespoon active dry yeast 425g pumpernickel flour 21g dill seed or 7g dill weed 602g to 659g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 4 to 5 teaspoons salt 50g olive oil or other vegetable oil 213g chopped onion, optional cornmeal  Spread  454g sour cream, light sour cream or yogurt 454g mayonnaise, light mayonnaise or low-fat cottage cheese you've puréed in a blender 142g to 283g chopped onion, to taste 2 to 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley or 2 to 3 teaspoons dried 2 teaspoons dill weed 1 teaspoon celery seed or 1 tablespoon minced celery leaves 1/2 teaspoon salt or herb salt, to taste 1/2 teaspoon sugar, optional, to bring out flavor 
    
     Directions   To make the bread: Pour the water into a large mixing bowl and stir in the molasses and then the yeast.  Blend in the pumpernickel flour, 1 cup of the all-purpose flour, and the dill seed.  Cover the bowl and let this sponge work for a couple of hours (or all day if you have something else to do).  About two hours before you want your bread to be baked, blend in the rest of the ingredients (except for the cornmeal) until you have a fairly stiff dough.  Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead for 3 or 4 minutes. (See "tips", below.)  Give the dough a rest while you prepare two baking sheets. You can either grease them and then sprinkle them with cornmeal; or you can use parchment paper and sprinkle cornmeal on that.  Go back to your dough and knead another 3 or 4 minutes.   This dough doesn't get a rise before you form it into loaves. Divide the dough into thirds; shape one piece into a nice ball and place it on one baking sheet.  Cover it with a piece of greased plastic and let it rise for about an hour, or until puffy.  While the loaf is rising, take the remaining two pieces of dough and shape them into one large loaf.  Take the large loaf and place it back in your bowl, cover it and let the dough rest for about 20 minutes. (See "tips", below.)  Take the large loaf, reshape it a bit and place it on the second baking sheet. Cover it with a piece of greased plastic and let it rise for about an hour.  While the first smaller loaf is rising, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Just before your loaf goes in, gently slash the top once with a serrated knife. Don't press down; saw gently back and forth. Brush the top with a bit of cold water.  Place the baking sheet in the oven. After 20 minutes, turn the heat down to 350°F and continue baking for a further 20 to 25 minutes.  Take the first loaf from the oven and give the bottom a tap. If it sounds hollow (no wet dough inside), it's done. If you want to be absolutely sure, use an instant-read thermometer; bread is done when the interior has reached 195°F.  Now slash the top of the second loaf, and brush it with cold water.  Place the second loaf in the oven. Turn the temperature back up to 400°F and let this one bake for 20 minutes. Then turn the temperature down to 350°F and let it continue baking for 30 to 35 minutes. If the top seems to be getting too brown, turn the temperature down to 325°F for the last 10 to 15 minutes of baking time.  Make sure both loaves are completely cool before you start cutting them up.  To make the spread: Mix the spread ingredients in a bowl and give the flavors a chance to develop and blend before you decide to adjust the seasonings. You can add other vegetables if you wish, or use a favorite spread of your own.  To make the bread bowl and combine: Place the larger cooled loaf of bread on a large plate or platter. Take a sharp knife and cut through the bread crust where you'd like the edge of your bowl to be. Use the knife to peel off the "lid."  Use a fork and your fingers to pull out the rest of the interior of the loaf. Break up the lid, the interior of the loaf and the smaller loaf into manageable pieces and place them on the plate around the large loaf.  Scoop the spread into the "bowl" and serve.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Since rye dough tends to be sticky, keep your hands and the board well floured while you knead it. Even when it's thoroughly kneaded, it will still be a bit sticky. Don't try to get rid of the stickiness by continuing to add flour. You can't, and if you try you'll have a rye door stop. You can also knead this on a lightly oiled surface, with oiled hands, to avoid the temptation of more flour.We've written the rising/baking instructions for traditional ovens, so that the second loaf should be ready to go into the oven when the first loaf comes out. If you have a large commercial oven that will hold two baking sheets, by all means let your loaves rise and bake at the same time. The baking time for the larger loaf is longer; please review recipe instructions. 
    