Salami and Herb Star Bread
    
    With a dramatic shape that's easy to execute, this savory loaf impresses just as much with its flavors as it does with its look.
    
     Dough  113g lukewarm milk 57g lukewarm water 2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast 113g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour 1 large egg 35g olive oil 1 teaspoon salt 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Egg wash  1 large egg beaten with 14g water  Filling  1/2 teaspoon ground paprika 85g grated Parmesan or Asiago cheese 43g finely diced sun-dried tomatoes 85g Genoa salami or thinly sliced pepperoni 124g basil pesto 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Place the milk, water, yeast, and whole wheat flour in a large mixing bowl and stir to combine. Cover and let rest for 15 minutes.  Add the egg, olive oil, salt, and all-purpose flour. Mix to make a soft dough, then knead for 6 to 8 minutes, until smooth and supple. Place in an oiled bowl, cover, and let rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until doubled.  To assemble: Divide the dough into four pieces and shape into balls. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes.  Place one piece of dough on a piece of parchment. Roll it into a 10" circle. Brush the circle all over with egg wash.    Stir the paprika into the cheese, then sprinkle over the dough, leaving 1/2" around the outside edge uncovered. Scatter the sun-dried tomatoes over the cheese.  Roll another ball of dough to the same size as the first. Place it on top of the first circle, brush with egg wash, and shingle slices of salami over the dough, again leaving the outer 1/2" around the edge uncovered.  Roll out the third ball of dough, place on top, and brush with egg wash. Spread with pesto, leaving the outer edge uncovered. Roll out the last ball of dough and place it on top.   Place a 2" round biscuit cutter or drinking glass in the center of the dough to serve as a guide. Using a sharp knife, cut the circle into 16 equal strips, from the outside edge to the cutter/glass in the center, through all the layers.  Using two hands, pick up two adjacent strips of dough and twist them away from each other twice, so the top side is facing up again. Repeat with the remaining strips of dough all the way around the circle. Remove the cutter/glass.  Pinch the ends of adjacent strips together all the way around the bread to create eight star-like points. Transfer the star on the parchment to a baking sheet. Cover with greased plastic and let rise until noticeably puffy, about 45 minutes.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 400°F.  When risen, remove the plastic and brush the star with a thin coat of the egg wash. Bake for 20 to 23 minutes, until nicely golden.  Remove the bread from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving warm.  Store any leftovers, well wrapped, in the refrigerator for a day or so. Freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    