Savory Christmas Cheese Bread
    
    Red, green and gold: the colors of Christmas. And what nicer way to show the colors than in a tasty loaf of bread? This easy-to-make baking powder bread goes from start to finish in under an hour. Sun-dried tomatoes (or pimientos or red bell peppers) and finely chopped scallions (or chives or green bell peppers) sprinkled throughout give it a festive appearance, making it perfect for a holiday breakfast. 
    
       361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons baking powder 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 100g fresh-grated Parmesan cheese 113g shredded sharp cheddar, mozzarella, or the cheese of your choice 57g softened butter 4 large eggs 113g whole milk or half & half 3 large garlic cloves, crushed, optional 57g finely chopped scallion tops or chives, lightly packed; or green bell peppers 57g finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes, lightly packed; or diced red bell peppers, or diced pimientos 1 teaspoon pizza seasoning, optional 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease a 9" round cake pan, or 9" round casserole.  Mix together the flour, baking powder, salt, cheeses, and softened butter, until well combined and crumbly.  Mix in the garlic, scallion tops, and sun-dried tomatoes.   Whisk together the eggs and milk (or half & half). Set aside 1 tablespoon of the mixture, to brush on the top of the loaf.  Add the remaining egg mixture to the dry ingredients, stirring just until everything is thoroughly moistened.  Turn the stiff batter into the prepared pan. Using your wet fingers, smooth it to the edges of the pan. Make it slightly concave, so the edges are slightly higher than the center.  Brush the top of the loaf with the reserved egg mixture. Sprinkle with pizza seasoning, if desired.  Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, until it's a light golden brown on top, and a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.    Remove the loaf from the oven, and run a heatproof spatula or table knife around the edge of the pan, to loosen the sides. Turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool.  Serve the bread warm, toasted, or at room temperature. It's a wonderful breakfast bread, served with eggs.  
    
    
    