Savory Filled Buns
    
    Spinach and feta... Tomato, onion and pepperoni... or what's your favorite filling combination? Not only cinnamon and sugar deserve to be swirled into bread dough. These spirals, cinnamon bun-like in appearance, team nicely with a bowl of hot soup.  
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 46g potato flour or dried potato flakes 53g pumpernickel flour 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper 14g Pizza Dough Flavor or Vermont cheese powder, both optional 255g water 1 large egg 25g olive oil  Spinach and Feta Filling  283g frozen chopped spinach or 454g fresh spinach 11g olive oil 71g diced onion  1 to 2 teaspoons minced garlic 113g feta cheese 71g chopped pitted black olives or 28g black olive paste 85g shredded mozzarella cheese  Tomato, Onion and Pepperoni Filling  283g thick tomato sauce (170g tomato paste stirred into 170g tomato sauce) 7g Pizza Seasoning or the mixed dried herbs of your choice 156g diced onion 85g diced pepperoni 85g shredded mozzarella cheese  Goat Cheese and Sun Dried Tomato Filling  113g goat cheese 227g cream cheese 7g Instant ClearJel or cornstarch, optional, to keep the filling from oozing 85g finely diced sun-dried tomatoes, dry or oil-packed 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence or a mixture of 1 teaspoon basil, 1/4 teaspoon thyme, 1/4 teaspoon rosemary, 1/4 teaspoon marjoram, and 1/4 teaspoon sage 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, optional 28g butter 43g fresh bread crumbs 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Whisk together, in a large bowl or the bowl of a mixer, all of the dry dough ingredients. It's important to whisk the potato flour or flakes so they won't clump when the liquid is added.  Add the water, egg and olive oil, then mix until a shaggy dough forms.  Let the dough rest for 30 minutes, if you have the time; this resting period allows the flour to absorb the liquid fully, making it easier to knead.  Knead the dough until firm and smooth.  Put it into a greased bowl, turning to coat, cover the bowl, and let the dough rise until it's almost doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours. While the dough is rising, make the filling of your choice.  To make the spinach and feta filling: Thaw and squeeze dry the frozen spinach, or clean and chop 1 pound of fresh spinach.  Heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan. Add the onion and garlic and sauté for about 1 minute.  Add the spinach and stir well. If you're using fresh spinach, cook for a very brief time, just until the spinach wilts. If you're using frozen spinach, heat through, about 3 to 4 minutes.  Reserve the feta cheese and olives to layer onto the dough when filling, and the mozzarella to sprinkle atop the shaped rolls.  To make the tomato, onion and pepperoni filling: Stir together the sauce, diced onion, and seasoning, reserving the pepperoni to spread over the dough after it's rolled out, and the shredded cheese to sprinkle over the rolls after they're formed.  To make the goat cheese and sun-dried tomato filling: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, beat the goat cheese and cream cheese until they're soft and spreadable.  Mix in the remaining ingredients, except the butter and bread crumbs, stirring until smooth.  Melt the butter and toss it with the breadcrumbs; reserve this mixture to sprinkle over the shaped rolls.  To assemble the buns: Grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper.  Turn the risen dough out onto a lightly greased work surface. Fold it over once or twice to gently deflate it. Roll the dough into a rectangle, about 16" x 18".  Spread the filling of your choice over the dough, leaving a 1/2" margin along one long edge. (If you're using the spinach filling first sprinkle the dough with the cheese and olives, then top with the spinach.)  Starting with the opposite long edge, roll the dough into a log, sealing the edge and ends.  Use a bench knife or serrated knife to cut the log into 1" to 1 1/4" slices.  Lay the buns on the baking sheet, leaving about 1" between them.  Sprinkle them with either cheese or breadcrumbs, depending on what filling you're using. Cover the buns lightly with greased plastic wrap.  Let the buns rise for 1 to 2 hours, or until they're puffy.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the buns for 30 to 35 minutes, until their tops and bottoms are lightly browned. Check the buns after 20 minutes and tent with aluminum foil if they're browning too quickly on the edges.  Store, covered, for 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Each of the filling recipes is enough for the dough; if you want to make multiple fillings, either multiply the dough or divide the filling amounts accordingly. 
    