Savory Onion Rosemary Breadsticks
    
    These are delicious as a nibble with cocktails before a big holiday dinner. Festive and rustic, these breadsticks are soft and chewy; the garlic olive oil makes the crust especially tasty. We experimented with sprinkling different toppings on the breadsticks after they had been brushed with garlic oil. Some of our favorites are crushed red pepper flakes, fennel seeds, cracked black pepper, and kosher salt.
    
       454g warm water 11g active dry yeast 25g sugar 2 teaspoons barley malt syrup 64g olive oil 14g salt 2 tablespoons minced rosemary, fresh 156g chopped onion, sautéed in 25g olive oil until translucent 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 454g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 99g extra-virgin olive oil with a garlic clove or two squeezed into it; or garlic oil 
    
     Directions   Dissolve the yeast in the water and add the sugar and the malt. Add 1 cup of the all-purpose flour and let this sit for 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going.  Stir in the olive oil, salt, rosemary, and onion. Add the rest of the all-purpose flour.  Add the whole wheat flour, a cup at a time, until the dough has formed a shaggy mass.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it, adding more flour as necessary, until the dough has formed a smooth and satiny ball.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Turn the dough in the bowl to coat all sides with oil.  Cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a damp towel. Place the dough in a warm place and let it rise for about 1 1/2 hours, or until it has doubled in bulk.  Line a few baking sheets with parchment paper (or lightly grease them).  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter. Knead the dough to expel any air bubbles.  Divide the dough in half and keep dividing the halves into halves until you have 40 pieces.  Roll each piece into a rope about 12" long. Place on the baking sheet; leave a 1" space between the breadsticks.  Cover with a damp towel and let rise for about 30 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 400°F.  Brush the breadsticks with garlic olive oil.  Bake the breadsticks for about 10 minutes, or until golden brown.  These can be kept overnight in a plastic bag, and heated up the next day for a few minutes in a 350°F oven until they are refreshed.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you prefer thin, crunchy breadsticks like Italian grissini, place the dough on a well-floured work surface and roll into a large rectangle approximately 1/4" thick, and just wide enough to fit on your baking sheet. You'll probably have to do this in pieces. Using a rolling pizza wheel, cut the dough into strips approximately 1/4" wide. Transfer strips to baking sheet. Let rise for about 1 hour, then bake in a preheated 425°F oven for 15 minutes or so, or until they're golden brown.This is a recipe that also lends itself well to rolls. You can form the dough into about 30 golf-ball sized rolls and extend the baking time to 20 to 25 minutes. 
    