Seeded Multigrain Sourdough Bread
    
    Our Harvest Grains Blends is one of those ingredients that we just can't seem to get enough of, particularly when it comes to sourdough. Studded with grains and seeds throughout, this loaf is the best of both worlds with its light, tender interior and crisp, crusty exterior. We know it will make you love Harvest Grains as much as we do.
    
     Soaker  170g boiling water 113g Harvest Grains Blend 1 teaspoon salt  Dough  all of the soaker 170g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  113g warm water 170g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 177g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast 25g vegetable oil 
    
     Directions   In a medium bowl, stir together the boiling water, Harvest Grains Blend, and salt. Cover the mixture, and let it sit at room temperature overnight.   The next day, combine the soaker with the remaining dough ingredients. Mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until you've made a soft dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and let it rise until almost doubled, about 60 to 90 minutes.  Gently fold the dough over a few times on a lightly greased work surface. Shape it into an 11" log, and place it into a hearth bread pan (see "tips," at left, for an alternative).   Cover the loaf and let it rise until it's noticeably puffy, about 60 to 90 minutes.   Preheat the oven to 425°F.  Slash the top of the loaf several times to allow for expansion, using any pattern you like.   Bake the bread for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350°F, and bake for 8 to 12 minutes longer, until the bread is golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F.  Remove the bread from the oven and turn it out onto a rack to cool. Store well-wrapped at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't have a hearth bread pan? Place your shaped loaf onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake and finish the loaf as directed. 
    