Seeded Grissini with Almond Garlic Dip
    
    Light, crunchy bread sticks rely on lower-gluten pastry flour for their texture, while a Spanish-influenced combination of bread crumbs and almonds make a creamy dairy-free dip.
    
     Dough  397g King Arthur Unbleached Pastry Flour 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor, optional, but good 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 227g water, lukewarm 25g olive oil or garlic oil 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Topping  1 large egg white whisked with 1 tablespoon water 35g sesame seeds, toasted or plain, whole flax seeds, or the seeds/seed mix of your choice  Almond-Garlic Dip  113g white bread (See "tips", below.) 170g to 227g water, cold 113g blanched slivered almonds, toasted until golden brown in a 350°F oven (about 16 minutes) Up to 8 large, peeled garlic cloves, to taste (See "tips", below.) heaping 1/2 teaspoon salt 78g olive oil or garlic oil 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until you have a smooth, fairly soft dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl big enough to allow it to double in size, cover the bowl, and refrigerate overnight, or for up to 24 hours.  Remove the puffy dough from the refrigerator, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface.   Pat it into a 20" x 5" rectangle, and brush with the beaten egg white. Sprinkle evenly with the seeds.  Lightly grease (or line with parchment) two large baking sheets.   Use a pizza wheel or baker's bench knife or other sharp straight-edge to cut the dough into ½" strips.  Gently twist each strip, as though you were wringing out a towel, and place each strip on the prepared pan, leaving about ¾" between them. As you twist the strips, they stretch to about 10" long. For longer, thinner grissini, simply stretch them a bit more.  Tent the grissini with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow them to warm to room temperature and become a bit puffy. This will take about 3 hours. Near the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 400°F.   Bake the grissini for 30 minutes, until they're a light golden brown.  Remove them from the oven, and place them on a rack to cool completely.  To make the dip: Combine the bread and water, and soak until bread is soft.   Place the bread, water, and remaining ingredients into the bowl of a food processor, and process until smooth. Adjust seasoning, if desired.  Serve the grissini plain or with some almond-garlic dip.  Store the grissini, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days. Store the dip, covered, in refrigerator for up to 5 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Stale baguettes or another low-fat white bread are ideal.Use garlic oil, and omit the fresh garlic, for the mildest possible garlic flavor. 
    