Semolina Black Olive Bread Boats
    
    These are bâtard-like ovals with somewhat pointed ends, a shallow, long container rather than one that's round and deep. This shape is perfect for filling with salad (rather than soup or stew). There's lots of crust to soak up the salad dressing, and you get a piece of bread in just about every bite.
    
     Dough  489g semolina flour (See "tips", below.) 397g lukewarm water 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (See "tips", below.) 25g olive oil 2 teaspoons instant yeast 2 teaspoons salt 71g to 85g black kalamata olives, pitted and chopped  Dressing  1 clove garlic, peeled and minced 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 28g fresh lemon juice 14g red wine vinegar 67g olive oil  Salad  454g mixed salad greens 227g to 284g ripe tomatoes 85g to 113g cucumber, peeled and diced 71g sweet or red onion, peeled and diced 85g crumbled feta cheese 
    
     Directions   To make the dough manually or with a mixer: Place the semolina flour (or the first portion of all-purpose flour) into a large bowl or the bowl of an electric mixer and stir in the warm water.  Let the mixture sit for 20 minutes or so. This will allow the semolina to absorb the water, and make the kneading easier.  Add the remaining ingredients, except the black olives.   Knead the mixture to form a smooth, elastic dough, adding additional water or flour as necessary.  Pat the kneaded dough into a rectangle, and sprinkle it with the olives. Fold the dough over a few a times and knead it for a minute or two to incorporate the olives.   Place the dough in an oiled bowl, turn to coat, then cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until it's very puffy.   To make the dough using a bread machine: Place all of the dough ingredients except the olives into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for manual or dough, and press Start.  Check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle, and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water. It should be smooth and elastic.  Add the olives when about 5 minutes remain in the final kneading cycle. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.   To shape the dough: Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface and fold it over a few times to release the excess gas.   Divide the dough into six pieces, each will be about the size of a large handball. Round each piece into a ball, cover them lightly, and let them rest for a few minutes.   Flatten each ball into a 5"-circle.   Fold the circle as if you were folding a letter (one side into the center, the opposite side into the center and over the first side). Turn the dough over so the edges are underneath, and press to seal.   Cup your hands around each piece and roll them gently into ovals with pointed ends. Flatten each one to widen the center.   Place the boats on a parchment-lined baking sheet, cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover, and let them rise until puffy. This will take 45 minutes to an hour, possibly longer, depending on the warmth of your kitchen.   To bake the loaves: Toward the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Spritz the risen loaves with warm water, and slash them lengthwise down the middle.  Bake them for 20 to 24 minutes, until they're a light golden brown.   Remove the boats from the oven, and allow them to cool for an hour or longer before putting the filling inside and serving them.   To assemble and serve the boats with salad: Cut the tops off the boats, and hollow out the insides. (Reserve the bread for bread crumbs or bread salad.)  Whisk together all of the dressing ingredients.  Toss the salad ingredients with the dressing and evenly distribute it among the bread boats. Serve immediately.  Store the unfilled bread boats, well-wrapped at room temperature for up to 3 days. Store the salad, covered in the fridge for up to 3 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you want very crisp boats, place them into a hot (400°F) oven for 10 to 12 minutes to toast before filling. Let them cool a bit before serving. If you don't have semolina flour, use 4 3/4 cups (20 ounces, 567g) King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour for the total flour in the recipe. 
    