Sesame Honey Loaf
    
    If you're familiar with (and love) those crunchy, individually wrapped sesame and honey candies, we're with you. This recipe brings together those flavors in a soft, lightly sweetened, sesame-studded loaf that's perfect for just about any sandwich or toast occasion. Because why not turn candy into bread!
    
     Dough  361g Artisan Bread Flour or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 163g semolina flour 21g potato flour or 1/4 cup instant mashed potato flakes 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 340g lukewarm water 43g unsalted butter, melted 64g honey 71g sesame seeds, toasted preferred  Topping  14g butter, unsalted or salted 21g honey sesame seeds, toasted preferred 
    
     Directions   Weigh your flours; you’ll find their weight by toggling to “ounces” at the top of the ingredient section above. Or measure by gently spooning into a cup, then sweeping off any excess. Combine all the dough ingredients, and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set to the dough cycle — until a smooth, elastic dough forms, adding more water or flour as needed.  Cover the dough and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes, or until it's just about doubled in bulk.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface and shape it into a 12" log. Place the log into the lightly greased and semolina-dusted base of an Italian baker or a long covered baker. Cover with the lid, and let the loaf rise until very puffy, about 1 hour.  About 20 minutes before the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Remove the cover and slash the loaf diagonally three times. Cover the loaf with the lid again and immediately put it into the oven.   Bake the bread, covered, for 25 to 30 minutes.   While the bread is baking, prepare the topping. In a small saucepan or microwave-safe bowl heat the butter and honey until the butter has melted. Stir to combine.  Remove the bread from the oven and remove the cover of the baker. Brush the loaf with the butter-honey mixture and sprinkle heavily with the sesame seeds.   Return the loaf to the oven, uncovered, and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer, until it's a deep golden brown; a digital thermometer inserted into the center should read 190°F.  Transfer the bread in the baker to a rack. Allow the bread to cool for 10 minutes, then turn it out onto a rack to cool completely.  Store the cooled bread, well wrapped, at room temperature for several days. Freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make this bread in a Dutch oven, simply follow the directions as written, forming the loaf into a ball (boule) rather than a log.  
    