Soft Onion Rolls
    
    Not typically found in your modern local coffeeshop or bakery display case, these onion-filled rolls provide a reminder of now-closed old-school bakeries. More tender than a New York bialy, these rolls are a mildly pungent partner to a great cup of drip coffee on a cool, rainy morning. 
    
     Dough  113g water 170g milk 57g butter or margarine, melted 50g vegetable oil 1 large egg 2 teaspoons salt 14g sugar 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 11g instant yeast  Topping  57g dehydrated minced onions 25g vegetable oil 11g poppy seeds  Egg Wash  1 large egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water 
    
     Directions   Combine the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or machine — kneading until the dough is smooth and supple, but not tacky.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl, and let the dough rise for 1 hour. It'll appear puffy, though not necessarily doubled in bulk.  To make the topping: Place the dehydrated onions in a small bowl, cover them with water by about 2", and allow them to soak for 1 to 2 hours.  Drain the onions, then squeeze them as dry as you can in a piece of cheesecloth, or a double layer of paper towels.  Mix the onions with the vegetable oil and poppy seeds, stir to combine the mixture, and set it aside.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface.   To assemble and bake the rolls: Divide the dough into 12 pieces. Let the dough pieces rest, covered, for 15 minutes.  Flatten each piece into a 5"-circle, using your fingers to pull the dough outward from the center. If you want the tops to be perfectly smooth, give each piece a swipe with a rolling pin. Transfer the circles to parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheets.   Top half of each circle with about 2 teaspoons filling, leaving a border around the edge, then brush the border with some of the egg wash.  Fold the circle in half, and press the edges together to seal. Gently flatten and shape the rolls into ovals.  Brush the top of each roll with the egg wash, and top with 1 teaspoon of the filling, spreading it over the surface of the roll.  Let the rolls rise, uncovered (or very loosely covered with greased plastic wrap) for 1 hour, or until they're just puffy.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the rolls for 30 to 35 minutes, or until they're a light, golden brown.   Remove the rolls from the oven, and cool them on a wire rack.   Store the rolls, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  While you may choose to use about 3/4 cup finely chopped fresh onion, reconstituted dehydrated onion is the traditional ingredient in bakery onion rolls (as well as on bakery bialys). 
    