Soft Garlic Knots
    
    Drenched in garlic and butter, these soft rolls are even better than the ones you get at the pizza parlor. 
    
     Dough  390g  Pastry Flour Blend or 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or 31g nonfat dry milk 35g potato flour 14g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 25g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 8g Pizza Dough Flavor 25g olive oil 227g lukewarm water* *Add an additional 2 tablespoons water in the winter, or if you live in a very dry climate.  Glaze  2 to 6 cloves peeled, crushed garlic 57g melted butter freshly grated Parmesan cheese, optional 1/2 teaspoon Pizza Seasoning or Italian seasoning, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Whisk the dry ingredients together to prevent the potato flour from clumping when liquid is added.  Stir in the olive oil and water, then mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to form a smooth, elastic dough, adding additional water or flour as needed.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and allow it to rise for about 1 hour, until it's doubled in bulk.   Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Divide the dough into 16 pieces, and roll each into a rope about 11" long; tie each rope into a knot, tucking the loose ends into the center. Place the knots on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, cover, and let rise for 45 minutes to about an hour, until very puffy looking.   Bake the knots for 15 to 18 minutes. They should be set, but only very lightly browned.  To make the glaze: Whisk together the melted butter and garlic.    Remove the knots from the oven, and brush or drizzle them with the garlic butter. Sprinkle with Pizza Seasoning or Italian seasoning or Parmesan cheese, if desired. Serve warm.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  For garlic knots with an extra crackly-crunchy crust, set a baking stone in the middle of your oven before preheating. Place the prepared knots on a piece of parchment, transfer them to the hot stone — either with the help of a large peel or an upside-down baking sheet — and bake and finish the knots according to the recipe instructions. 
    