Soft Bread Sticks
    
    If you've ever enjoyed soft bread sticks at Pizza Hut, you'll recognize these. The best part is, you can have them on the table in under 90 minutes, with just about 10 minutes of actual "hands-on" time. These are wonderful served with marinara sauce (as they are in restaurants), or dipped in your favorite flavored olive oil.
    
       340g lukewarm water 35g olive oil, plus additional for drizzling 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 tablespoon instant yeast 4 teaspoons Pizza Dough Flavor, optional Pizza seasoning or Italian seasoning, to sprinkle on top 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease an 18" x 13" pan (half sheet pan), and drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil in the bottom.   Combine all of the ingredients, and beat at high speed with an electric mixer for 60 seconds.  Scoop the sticky batter into the prepared pan, spreading it nearly to the edges. Oiling your fingers helps with the job.    Use a rolling pizza wheel or knife to score the dough in 3/4" to 1" wide crosswise strips, to make 13"-long strips. Score the dough once lengthwise, so that you now have 6 1/2"-long strips. Cover the pan, and let the dough rise at room temperature for 60 minutes, till it's become puffy.  While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Drizzle the dough lightly with olive oil, and sprinkle with pizza seasoning, and/or the dried herbs of your choice, if desired.  Bake the bread till it's a very light golden brown, about 25 minutes.  Remove it from the oven, and carefully lift it out of the pan onto a rack.  As soon as you can handle it, cut the dough along the score lines. A pair of scissors works well here.  Place the bread sticks back on their baking pan, on edge. You can put them close together. Return them  to the oven, and bake for 5 minutes (for soft bread sticks), or 10 minutes (for bread sticks that can stand up to a stiffer dip).  Remove them from the oven, and serve warm, or at room temperature.  Yield: about 3 dozen bread sticks.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For REALLY soft bread sticks, bake the bread, cut it into strips, and serve immediately; don't bake further. 
    