Sourdough Buns
    
    Though they look like English muffins, these big, buxom buns aren't "holey" enough for that label. They have a relatively smooth, fine-grained, moist interior, which we love. And their hint of tanginess makes them an ideal breakfast sidekick to bacon and eggs, as well as entirely appropriate for lunchtime sandwiches.You'll need eight 3 3/4" to 4" metal rings, such as our English muffin rings, to bake these buns.
    
       170g water 227g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  28g unsalted butter 1 large egg 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 71g Baker's Special Dry Milk 25g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast cornmeal (for dusting) 
    
     Directions   Mix all of the ingredients together — by hand, mixer, bread machine, or food processor — just until the dough comes together; it will remain slightly tacky.   Turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface, cover with a piece of greased plastic wrap and let it rest for 30 to 40 minutes. The dough won’t rise all that much; the goal is to just let it relax.  Divide the dough into 8 pieces, roll each piece into a ball, then cover and set aside to rest for 10 to 15 minutes.   Meanwhile, dust a half sheet pan with cornmeal, lightly grease eight English muffin rings, and place them on the baking sheet.   Flatten the balls of dough into 3 3/4" circles. Fill each ring with a piece of dough, and sprinkle the tops with cornmeal.   Grease the back of a half sheet pan, and place it on top of the rings and dough, with the greased side facing the dough. Let the buns rise for 40 to 60 minutes, until they’re bumping up against the top pan.  Preheat the oven to 375°.  With the pan on top, bake the buns for 20 to 25 minutes, until they're lightly browned on top and bottom.   Remove the buns from the oven, let them cool for 10 minutes, then turn them out of the rings onto a rack to cool completely.  Store, well-wrapped, for up to 5 days on the counter. Freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head-start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter. 
    