Sourdough Honey Quinoa Bread
    
    A tender, rather nubby loaf that makes amazing whole-grain, protein-packed sandwiches, and is just as good simply toasted with butter and jam.  From amaranth to teff, ancient grains offer a world of baking possibilities. Find all the information you need — plus tasty recipes — in our complete guide to baking with ancient grains. 
    
     Quinoa  89g raw quinoa 227g water  dough  cooked quinoa from above 113g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  113g water, at room temperature 25gs old-fashioned rolled oats 43g honey 25g vegetable oil 2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast 113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium Whole Wheat Flour 149g to 177g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 11g Baker's Special Dry Milk or potato flour (for vegan) 1 teaspoon salt 
    
     Directions   To prepare the quinoa: Rinse the quinoa in a strainer for 1 minute. Transfer it to a small saucepan, add the water, cover, and simmer over medium heat until all of the liquid is absorbed (about 10 to 15 minutes). Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature.  To make the dough: In a large bowl combine the cooked quinoa, starter, water, oats, honey or brown sugar, oil, yeast, and whole wheat flour. Stir until well combined, cover, and let sit for 10 minutes.   After this rest, add 1 1/4 cups of bread flour, the dry milk or potato flour, and salt. Knead the dough, by hand or mixer, until it becomes smooth and springy. It will seem dry at first, but will become more cohesive as you work with it. If it becomes sticky, use a little more flour.   Transfer the dough to a greased bowl, cover, and let rise for 1 hour, until almost doubled.   After the first rise, deflate the dough and shape it into a loaf. Place in a greased 9" x 5" loaf pan and cover with greased plastic or an inverted bowl. Let rise for 30 to 40 minutes, until the dough crowns 1" above the rim of the pan.   While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F. When the dough has risen, slash the top and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until deep golden brown. Remove from the oven, tip out of the pan, and cool on a rack before slicing.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  What is "ripe" sourdough starter? It's a starter that's been fed and allowed to work at room temperature until at its peak level of activity. It should be full of bubbles; if you watch it for 10 to 15 seconds, you should see bubbles coming to the surface and popping, as if a slow-motion boil is happening. To make this a vegan loaf, use maple syrup or brown sugar in place of the honey, and potato flour instead of milk powder.Interested in learning more about ancient grains — and how to use them? See our complete guide to baking with ancient grains.  
    