Sourdough Rye Bread
    
    While this bread machine bread isn't "authentic" sourdough, it makes a wonderfully textured, high-rising, great-tasting loaf, thanks to King Arthur Whole-Grain Bread Improver. Want to bake a round loaf (as pictured above) instead of baking in your machine? See "tips," below.
    
     Starter  170g milk heated to 120째F, then cooled to 100째F 1 teaspoon active dry or instant yeast 78g white rye flour  Dough  25g vegetable oil 32g molasses 32g honey 1 large egg 1 recipe starter, above; or 227g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  76g water 276g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 78g white rye flour 1 1/2 teaspoons table salt or 2 teaspoons kosher salt 2 tablespoons caraway seeds 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast 4 teaspoons King Arthur Whole-Grain Bread Improver 
    
     Directions   To make the starter: Combine the milk, yeast, and flour. The mixture will be thick. Cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm (at least 70째F) place for three days, stirring occasionally. The mixture will thin out slightly.  To make the bread: Place all the ingredients into your bread machine bucket in the order recommended by the manufacturer; this recipe is appropriate for  1 1/2-pound to 2-pound machine. Program for basic or white bread, and press start.  Check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle; it should be soft and smooth. Adjust the consistency with additional flour or water, as needed.  When the machine completes its cycle, remove the baked bread, and cool it on a rack.  Store bread in a plastic bag for 3 days on the counter; or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you like the look of a more rustic loaf, use the bread machine's dough cycle. Once the cycle is complete, remove the dough from the pan of the bread machine and form it into a round loaf. Place in a greased 9" round pan or ceramic baker, cover, and let rise for 45 to 60 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400째F. When the loaf is almost doubled, slash the top and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until nicely browned and hollow-sounding when thumped on the bottom. Remove from the oven and cool on a rack.Want some classic sourdough starter? See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head-start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter.You'll need to make the starter three days before you plan to bake the bread, or substitute 1 cup of your own sourdough starter if you wish. 
    