Sour Cream & Chive Potato Bread or Rolls
    
    There's just nothing like potato to give bread soft, moist, creamy texture; the starch in the potato attracts and holds liquid, meaning breads baked with potato will not only be soft and moist initially, but will stay that way longer. James Beard's classic Beard on Bread, contains a recipe for Sour Cream Bread that's the nominal inspiration for this loaf. We took it a few steps further by adding potato and chives — the natural accompaniments for sour cream!
    
       227g sour cream or plain Greek yogurt (light is OK, nonfat is a poor option) 135g prepared mashed potatoes; leftover is fine, so long as they're not highly salted 28g butter 39g sugar 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1/4 to 1/2 cup finely chopped scallion tops or fresh or dried chives, to taste 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor; optional, but tasty 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients and mix until cohesive. Knead the dough, by hand or mixer, until it's smooth, about 5 to 10 minutes. The dough will become fairly elastic, though it'll still be quite soft and sticky.  Place the kneaded dough in a greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover it, and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until it's quite puffy (though not necessarily doubled in bulk.)  To make a loaf: Shape the dough into a log, and place it in a lightly greased 9" x 5" loaf pan. Cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow the loaf to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan.  To make dinner rolls: Divide the dough into 24 pieces. Shape each piece into a ball, and place in a lightly greased 9" x 13" pan, or two 8" or 9" round pans. Cover the pan(s), and let the rolls rise until they're touching each other and puffy, about 60 minutes.  To make large sandwich rolls: Divide the dough into six pieces, each about 4 1/2 ounces in weight. Roll each piece into a smooth ball, then flatten the balls (using your fingers and/or a rolling pin) until they're about 4" in diameter. Place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, about 1" apart, and cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap. Allow the rolls to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour (or longer, depending on the temperature of your kitchen), until they're noticeably puffy, though probably not doubled in bulk.    While the bread or rolls are rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for about 35 to 40 minutes, tenting it lightly with foil for the final 10 minutes; a digital thermometer inserted into the center will read about 190°F. Bake the rolls for 22 to 27 minutes, or until they're a light golden brown.   Remove the bread or rolls from the oven, and brush with melted butter, if desired, for a soft, flavorful crust. Transfer to a rack to cool. Store cooled rolls, tightly wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 1 loaf, or anywhere from 6 to 24 rolls, depending on size.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Substitute 1/4 cup potato flour, if desired, for the mashed potatoes. Add 1/4 cup water along with the sour cream or yogurt. 
    