Sourdough Baguettes
    
    Crisp and light, with a crackly brown crust, these baguettes are super-easy to make. 
    
       283g lukewarm water 482g  sourdough starter, ripe (fed) or discard (see "tips," below) 539g to 602g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons sugar 1 to 2 teaspoons instant yeast, depending on the vigor of your fed starter* 4 teaspoons vital wheat gluten *See "tips," below 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, combine the water, starter, and 3 cups of the flour, mixing until smooth.   Stir in the salt, sugar, yeast and gluten, then an additional 1 1/2 to 2 cups of flour. Stir until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl, adding only enough additional flour as necessary; a slack (sticky) dough makes a light loaf.  Knead the dough for about 7 minutes in a stand mixer; or 8 to 10 minutes by hand, on a lightly greased work surface. You may also knead this dough using the dough cycle on your bread machine; once it's finished kneading, transfer it to a bowl to rise, as directed below.  Turn the dough into an oiled bowl, cover the bowl, and let the dough rise until doubled in bulk, about 90 minutes.  Gently deflate the dough, and divide it into six pieces (for thin baguettes) or three pieces (for thicker Italian loaves).  Shape each piece into a 16" long loaf, and place the loaves, at least 4" apart, on parchment-lined baking sheets, or in lightly greased baguette pans (French loaf pans). If you're using baguette pans, make the loaves 15" long.  Cover the loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until they're nice and puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat your oven to 450°F.  For a classic look, make three diagonal slashes in each loaf, cutting about 1/4" deep. For taller, rounder baguettes, don't slash.  Bake the baguettes for about 25 minutes, or until they're a rich golden brown. Remove the loaves from the oven. Turn off the oven, crack it open a few inches, and return the loaves to the cooling oven, without their pans. Letting the loaves cool right in the turned-off oven helps preserve their crunchy crust.  Yield: 6 baguettes or 3 Italian-style loaves.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The more yeast you use (and the more vigorous your starter), the faster your dough will rise. But speed can come at the expense of flavor; it's only over time that sourdough dough produces the lactic and acetic acids so critical to its taste. For the most pronounced flavor, you can try eliminating the packaged yeast entirely, understanding that your rising times will probably be considerably longer than those listed here. We suggest, if you feel your starter is nice and vigorous, to try making the bread with 1 teaspoon of yeast; and if you like those results and are willing to experiment, dropping the amount of yeast down until you reach your favorite combination of flavor and rising times.If you feed your sourdough before using, the loaves will rise better; but if you're in a hurry, unfed sourdough will simply lend its flavor, while the yeast in the recipe takes care of the rise. Want to make just 3 baguettes instead of 6? Or two short, fat Italian-style loaves? Cut all of the ingredients except the yeast in half, leaving the yeast at 1 tablespoon.If desired, brush risen loaves with 1 egg yolk lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water just before baking, and sprinkle with Pizza Seasoning, artisan bread topping, or the toppings of your choice. While totally untraditional, this does add flavor and color to the crust.  
    