Spiced Cherry Breakfast Ring
    
    Filled with cinnamon and cherries, this bread makes a pretty centerpiece for any breakfast table.
    
     Dough  113g lukewarm milk 113g lukewarm water 28g unsalted butter, softened 50g granulated sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon instant yeast or active dry yeast 1 large egg 1 teaspoon ground cardamom 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Filling  50g granulated sugar 4 teaspoons Instant ClearJel or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (see baker's hint below) 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon 227g pitted, chopped, fresh sweet or sour cherries  egg wash  1 large egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water  Glaze  57g confectioners' sugar 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract 2 to 3 teaspoons milk 35g pearl sugar, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine the dough ingredients in a mixing bowl in the order listed. Mix until the dough begins to come together, then knead for 6 minutes at low to medium speed in your mixer, or by hand on a lightly floured surface, to form a soft, smooth dough. Place the dough back in the bowl, cover, and let rise until doubled, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.   To make the filling: In a small bowl, mix together the sugar, ClearJel (or flour), and cinnamon until blended. Sprinkle over the cherries and stir to coat them. Set aside.  To assemble the ring: After the first rise, roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to an 18" x 12" rectangle. Spread the filling over it, leaving a 1/2" margin uncovered on both long edges.  Roll up, jelly-roll style, starting with a long side. Pinch the seam closed, and place seam-side down on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Shape the log into a ring, tucking one end inside the other and pinching to seal.  Using kitchen scissors, snip through the ring at 1" intervals, making each cut 2/3 of the way to the center. Gently lift and angle each section slightly to the side to expose the fruit spiral. Cover the shaped loaf with greased plastic wrap and let rise for about 45 minutes, until puffy.  While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.    When ready to bake, uncover the dough and gently brush the egg wash over the entire surface of the risen ring.   Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, until golden. Remove it from the oven and transfer the pan to a rack to allow the bread to cool completely.   To make the glaze: Mix the confectioners' sugar, vanilla, and milk to make a smooth glaze. Drizzle over the cooled ring and sprinkle with pearl sugar, if desired.     Store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If using flour to thicken the filling instead of Instant ClearJel, the filling will not be as thick and may run out of the bread as it bakes. If you don't have Instant ClearJel and want to avoid this, we suggest cooking the filling ingredients in a saucepan until thickened, then cooling before using to fill the bread. A good quality canned pie or pastry filling will also work well. 
    