Sprouted Whole Wheat and Fruit Focaccia
    
    This recipe comes to us from Peter Reinhart, who suggests experimenting with a different variety of fruits. His go-to variation is with golden raisins and dried cranberries, but any of your favorite dried fruits are welcome substitutes. He also suggests trying the focaccia without fruit and loading on your favorite pizza toppings as a more nutritious alternative to traditional pizza crust.  
    
       454g sprouted whole wheat flour 1 teaspoon salt 454g lukewarm water about 227g of your favorite dried fruits   1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast olive oil 
    
     Directions   Combine all the ingredients in the bowl of an electric mixer. With the paddle attachment, mix on low speed for 1 minute. Let the dough rest for 5 minutes, then continue mixing on medium speed for another 2 minutes. This is a very wet, limp dough, so don't be concerned if it looks like it's not holding together.  Transfer the dough to a well-greased work surface and stretch and fold it over onto itself once — a dough scraper works well for this. Cover the dough with a large bowl and let it rest for 5 minutes.   Repeat this process three more times, so that you've kneaded the dough a total of four times.  Generously grease a large, rimmed baking sheet, and transfer the dough to it. Drizzle some olive oil onto the dough and stretch it as far as you can before it starts to spring back. Cover the pan and let the dough rest for 1 hour.  Drizzle a little more olive oil over the dough, then stretch it out to the edges of the pan, leaving finger dimples as you go.   Cover the pan again and let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes, until it comes to the top of the pan. While the focaccia is rising, preheat the oven to 450°F.    Bake the focaccia for 20 to 30 minutes, until it's golden brown on both top and bottom.  Remove the focaccia from the oven and slide it out onto a cutting board to serve.    Yield: about 12 servings.    
    
     Tips from our bakers  Our thanks to Peter Reinhart for this recipe. Peter is the author of Artisan Breads Everyday,  and Peter Reinhart's Whole Grain Breads;  he's also the host of pizzaquest.com. Contact Peter at peter@pizzaquest.com.  
    