Susan's Crusty Thanksgiving Rolls
    
    Susan Miller, director of our Baking Education Center, is a seasoned, devoted bread baker. When asked if she has a favorite Thanksgiving roll, she's quick to offer these light, crusty overnight rolls. "These came to me in a dream one night, and I was so excited I woke up and wrote the recipe down," says Susan. Dream rolls? You can't beat that!
    
     Starter  113g cool water 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour pinch of instant yeast  Dough  all of the starter 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 cup lukewarm water 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon instant yeast 
    
     Directions   To make the starter: Mix the starter ingredients together until smooth, cover, and let rest at room temperature overnight.  To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients, including the starter, in a large bowl, then knead it to create a soft, somewhat smooth dough. Use additional flour or water as needed.  Return the dough to the bowl, and allow it to rise, covered, for 2 hours, gently deflating it and turning it over after 1 hour.  Turn the dough out onto your lightly floured or lightly greased work surface. Divide it into 12 pieces, shape the pieces into balls, and roll them into a "boule" shape to tighten the surface.    Place the rolls about 2" apart on a parchment-lined baking sheet, cover them, and let them rise until they're nearly doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat your oven to 425°F.  Slash or cut the top of each roll, then bake them, with steam, for 20 to 25 minutes, until they're a deep golden brown.   Remove the rolls from the oven, and cool them on a rack. Store wrapped (preferably in paper) at room temperature for a day or so; freeze, tightly wrapped in plastic, for longer storage.  Yield: 12 rolls.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To create steam in your oven, preheat it with a cast iron or other metal pan on the bottom rack; pour 1 cup boiling water into the pan at the same time you put the rolls into the oven, shutting the oven door quickly to trap the steam. 
    