Thai Chicken Pizza
    
    A fusion of Asian and American, this pizza offers a 100% whole wheat crust topped with spicy peanut sauce, scallions and chicken for a savory, flavorful treat.  The overnight starter develops flavor and strength for the crust while the chicken marinates in Asian fish sauce and a touch of chili garlic sauce. Fresh lime juice adds a bright note. This pizza will linger on your taste buds and your mind for hours, you'll be glad to know that the recipe makes two medium sized pizzas. One bite, and it's hard to stop!  For step by step photos be sure to check out this recipe on our Baker's Banter Blog. 
    
     Overnight Starter  113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour small pinch of instant yeast 113g cool tap water  Dough  all of the overnight starter 283g cool water 312g King Arthur White Whole Wheat flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 3/4 teaspoon instant yeast  Thai Chicken Topping  6-227g boneless, skinless chicken breast 85g Thai Fish Sauce juice of 1 lime 53g packed brown sugar 1 teaspoon Thai chili garlic paste 113g Thai spicy peanut sauce 1 small bunch scallions, chopped 113g shredded mozzerella cheese, or pizza cheese blend 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro 
    
     Directions   The evening before you want to make the pizza, you are going to make an overnight starter. In a medium bowl mix the flour and yeast. Stir in the cold water until all is well blended. The mixture will be slightly sticky. If it seems too thick or dry add another tablespoon of water to adjust the consistency. If it seems soupy, add another tablespoon of flour.Lightly cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 12-15 hours. It will puff slightly and develop flavor and structure.    In the bowl of your stand mixer, place all of the overnight starter. Add the cool water and stir to break up the starter. Add the remaining flour, salt and yeast. Mix the dough on Speed 2 for 5 minutes. This dough is a wet dough, don't be tempted to add more flour.   Remove the dough hook, loosely cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature to rise.This dough will need folds to help develop structure. Every 30 minutes for 2 hours (a total of 3 folds), you will be folding the dough over on itself in the bowl. Dip your hands in a bowl of cool water. This will help prevent the dough from sticking to you. 2) Grasp the dough on one side and lift it slightly, pulling to fold it over the rest of the dough. Give the bowl a quarter turn and repeat the fold. Turn the bowl and repeat again. Re-cover the bowl and set aside for another 30 minutes.Remember, you will fold the dough a total of 3 times over the course of the 2 hour rise, plus the final turn out for shaping.   Cut the chicken breast into large chunks. Place in a medium non-reactive bowl and add the fish sauce, lime juice, brown sugar and chili garlic paste. Mix well and refrigerate, covered, for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight. This can be done at the same time as the overnight starter, if desired.    To cook the chicken for topping, heat a saute pan over medium high heat. Add the chicken and about half of the marinade. Cook until the chicken is no longer pink inside and the liquid has reduced and coats the chicken. The chicken should still be quite moist at this point.  Set aside to cool slightly, then chop into small bite sized pieces.Why chop after cooking? Larger pieces keep the chicken moist during cooking, so it doesn't dry out on the pizza.   Preheat the oven to 450°F for 30-45 minutes. Remove half of the dough to a sheet of parchment or to a well floured surface. Wet you hands with cool water and gently press the dough into a circle, about 10 inches in diameter. If the dough resists stretching, let it rest for a few minutes, then shape again. Keep your fingertips wet to prevent sticking and tearing of the dough.    For each pizza top with half of the Thai peanut sauce, half of the chopped scallions, half of the chicken and half of the pizza cheese. Bake the pizza for 10-15 minutes, until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is bubbly. Remove from the oven, top with fresh chopped cilantro and serve. Ice cold Singha Thai beer is a plus!   
    
    
    