Thanksgiving Stuffing Loaf
    
    Here's a loaf with the seasonings — sage, thyme, rosemary, marjoram, celery — you'd find in your favorite turkey stuffing. Bake a loaf and make stuffing. Or better yet, use this tasty bread for turkey sandwiches the day after. Our thanks to Donna German's Bread Machine Cookbook III for the recipe that inspired this one.
    
       326g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 14g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons celery salt + 1/8 teaspoon regular salt* 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning or Bell's seasoning; or use your favorite combination of thyme, sage, rosemary, marjoram, and nutmeg 92g yellow cornmeal 1 large egg 71g finely diced onion 43g butter or 35g vegetable oil 170g lukewarm water *Substitute 1 teaspoon celery seeds + 1 1/4 teaspoons regular salt, if desired. 
    
     Directions   Place all of the ingredients in a bowl, and mix and knead to make a supple dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or large (8-cup) measuring cup, cover it, and let it rise until it's doubled in size, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into an 8" log. Place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan.  Cover the pan, and allow the bread to rise for about an hour, until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Uncover the bread, and bake it for 35 to 40 minutes, tenting it lightly with foil after 20 minutes if it appears to be browning too quickly. When the bread is done, it'll be golden brown, and its internal temperature will register at least 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, and after a minute or so gently loosen the edges, and turn it out onto a rack to cool.   Cool completely before wrapping airtight for storage. Store for 4 to 5 days at room temperature; wrap tightly and freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 1 loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To use this in your favorite stuffing recipe, substitute it for the cubed bread called for, as well as any seasoning.   
    