The Easiest Rye Bread Ever
    
    This no-knead rye dough bakes up in a crock to make a wonderful, moist sandwich rye bread.
    
       567g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 680g lukewarm water 326g pumpernickel, medium rye flour, or light rye flour 57g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 21g salt (table salt, not kosher) 1 tablespoon instant yeast 1 tablespoon Deli Rye Flavor 50g vegetable oil or 2 ounces soft butter 1 tablespoon minced dried onions, optional 
    
     Directions   Place the water in a 6-quart dough-rising bucket or other large container.   Weigh or measure the remaining ingredients (including the oil or butter), and mix together.   Add about half the dry ingredients to the water and stir to combine.   Add the remaining dry ingredients and mix until there are no dry spots; a plastic bowl scraper is your best tool here. Alternatively, prepare the dough in a stand mixer equipped with the beater blade; mix at low speed until all of the flour is moistened. The texture of the dough should be soft and sticky due to the pumpernickel flour.   Cover the container and let the dough rise at room temperature for 2 hours.  Then refrigerate overnight, or for up to 4 days.  To bake bread: Grease your hands, and scoop out a scant 2 pounds of dough (about half the batch).   Shape the dough into a ball, and place it in a greased, 4- to 4 1/2-quart baking pot or casserole with a lid.   Let rise, covered, for 2 to 3 hours.   Just before placing the crock into the oven, make several slashes in the dough. Place on a middle rack in the oven. Set the temperature for 450°F, and turn the oven on.   Bake the bread for 40 minutes. Remove the lid and check to see if it's done; it should be lightly browned, and the interior should register at least 195°F on an instant-read thermometer. Bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes, if necessary.    Remove the bread from the oven and turn it out of the crock onto a rack. Cool for several hours before slicing.   Yield: 1 loaf.  Total batch of dough yields 2 loaves.  
    
    
    