The Easiest Loaf of Bread You'll Ever Bake
    
    This recipe was printed on the back of our King Arthur Flour bags for years. It truly is a wonderfully simple bread, crusty outside and tender within. 
    
       11g sugar 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast 454g warm water 2 1/2 teaspoons salt 659g to 723g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour cornmeal 
    
     Directions   Add the sugar and yeast to the warm water and let them dissolve.  Gradually add the salt and flour to the liquid and mix thoroughly until the dough pulls from the sides of the bowl.  Turn the dough out onto a floured surface to knead. Fold the far edge of the dough back over on itself towards you. Press the dough away with the heels of your hands. After each push, rotate the dough 90°. Repeat this process with a rhythmic, rocking motion for about 3 minutes.  Let the dough rest while you scrape out and grease a mixing bowl. Knead the dough for about 3 more minutes, until it's bouncy and smooth.  Place the dough in the bowl and turn it over once to grease the top. Cover it with plastic wrap or a damp towel, and let it rise until it's doubled in bulk, about 1 to 2 hours.  Gently deflate the dough and briefly knead out any gas bubbles. Cut it in half and shape each half into an Italian or French-style loaf.  Place the loaves on a baking sheet generously sprinkled with cornmeal. Let them rest for 10 minutes.  For light, crusty bread, let the loaves rise for 45 minutes, or until puffy. Preheat the oven to 450°F towards the end of the rising time.  Pour 2 to 3 cups of boiling water into a roasting pan and carefully place it on the lowest rack of the oven. Place the bread on an oven rack above the pan, and bake for 20 minutes.  Turn the heat off and allow the bread to remain in the oven for 5 more minutes. Remove from the oven and cool the bread on a rack.  To bake quickly: Right after you shape them and give them a 10 minute rest, lightly slash the tops three or more times diagonally and brush with cold water. Place on a middle rack in your cold oven.  Turn the heat to 400°F, and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the crust is golden brown and the loaf sounds hollow when you thump it.  Store, well-wrapped, for 2 days on the counter. Freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    