Thin 'n' Crunchy Italian Breadsticks
    
    Known as grissini in their native land, these light-as-air breadsticks are a delightful accompaniment to an Italian meal. Or serve them as hors d'oeuvres, with or without a bowl of seasoned olive oil for dipping. 
    
     Dough  2 teaspoons instant yeast 2 teaspoons sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor (optional, but tasty)  11g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver or Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 396g King Arthur Italian-Style Flour (See "tips", below.) 170g lukewarm water 25g olive oil  Topping  1 egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water 47g sesame seeds, or a mixture of your favorite seeds 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft, supple dough.  Divide the dough in half, cover with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let it rest and relax for 15 minutes (or for up to an hour or so; work it into your schedule as you see fit).  Working with one half of the dough at a time, pat or roll it into a 9" x 13" rectangle. Brush the dough lightly with the egg white and water, and sprinkle it with the seeds. Roll the dough lightly with a rolling pin to press the seeds in.  Use a pizza wheel or sharp knife to cut the dough (the short way) into strips about 3/8" wide. Twist the ends of each strip in opposite directions (as though you were wringing out a washcloth) to make a "twist," and place them on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets.  Cover the breadsticks and let them rest and rise for 30 to 60 minutes, until they've puffed noticeably.  Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Bake the breadsticks for 12 to 14 minutes, or until they're golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and cool on a rack.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  Substitute King Arthur 100% Organic White Whole Wheat Flour for half of the Italian flour, if desired.For the crunchiest breadsticks, place "twisted" breadsticks on two pieces of parchment. About 30 minutes before you're ready to bake them, place a baking stone in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 425°F. Transfer the breadsticks on parchment to the hot stone, and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they're golden brown. 
    