Ukrainian Wedding Bread
    
    Korovai, or Wedding Bread, is the traditional centerpiece at Ukrainian weddings. It's shaped in a round, and topped with a twist or braid, then traditionally decorated with sculpted dough: doves to symbolize love and faithfulness, pine cones to symbolize fertility, and sometimes branches and flowers. Periwinkle, symbolizing purity, is the final garnish. The shaping instructions are intruiging — but don't be put off because it's actually quite easy — one braid, one twist and one round ball.   Better yet, bread itself is slightly sweet and tender, with the barest floral hint. It yields a beautiful loaf, ready to grace the fanciest table.
    
     Sponge  113g warm milk 149g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Dough  241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 57g unsalted butter 35g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 large eggs, lightly beaten 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 teaspoon rum extract or 1 to 2 drops butter-rum flavor 1 teaspoon lemon zest  Topping (Optional)  1 large egg, lightly beaten sparkling white sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine the warm milk, 1 1/4 cups flour, and the yeast. Stir until the dough comes together in a slightly sticky ball.  Cover the bowl and let the dough rest in a warm place until it's puffy, about 1 hour. (See "tips," below.)  To make the dough: Add the remaining ingredients and mix, then knead, until the dough is soft and smooth.  Cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until it's puffy.  To shape the dough traditionally: This method requires a 9" round pan at least 3" deep; if you have one, go for it! Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface.  Remove one-quarter of the dough, and divide it into three pieces: two handball-sized (about 2 1/4 ounces, 64g each), and one golf ball-sized (about 1 3/4 ounces, 50g). Set these aside, covered.  Divide the remaining larger portion of dough into three pieces, each about 6 1/2 ounces (184g).   Roll each of these pieces into a 24"-long rope.   Braid the ropes in a simple three-strand braid, then arrange the braid in a circle around the inside bottom edge of a greased 9" springform or other 3" deep baking pan.  Roll each of the two handball-sized pieces of dough into a very thin 28"-long rope.   Loosely twist the two ropes together, and lay this twist atop the braid, again at the outside edge of the pan.   Roll the remaining piece of dough into a smooth ball, flatten it slightly, and place it in the center of the pan; it won't fill all of the space, which is OK.  To shape the dough faster: If you don't have a 9" x 3" pan, use this method. Divide the dough into three pieces, each about 8 1/2 ounces (240g).   Roll each piece into a 30"-long rope. Braid the ropes, then place the braid in a circle on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, flattening and overlapping the ends slightly.  Cover the pan (or the loaf on the baking sheet) and let the bread rise until very puffy, about 1 hour.   Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Brush it with beaten egg and sprinkle it with sparkling white sugar, if desired.   Bake the bread in a preheated 350°F oven for 15 minutes, then lower the temperature to 325°F and bake for 30 minutes longer, until golden and the internal temperature registers 195°F to 200°F on an instant read thermometer inserted into the center.   Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out of the pan, and cool it on a wire rack.   Store, covered, at room temperature for 5 days. Freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Note: Use the dough setting on your bread machine to bring the dough to this point, if desired. 
    