Vanilla Cheesecake
    
    Did you ever realize what a handy little oven your programmable Zojirushi bread machine is? Beyond bread, you can make soup and stew, casseroles and hot dips, jam and risotto and — cheesecake. 
    
     Filling  539g cream cheese, at room temperature 149g sugar 3 large eggs, at room temperature 21g lemon juice 21g vanilla extract 28g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Crust  57g graham crackers 4 teaspoons sugar 28g melted butter 
    
     Directions   Remove the paddles from the bread machine bucket. Spray the inside with non-stick vegetable oil spray, coating well.  Program the machine for bake, 30 minutes; add the 1-hour keep warm option. Set your own timer for 25 minutes.  To make the filling: Beat together the cream cheese and sugar at medium-low speed until smooth. You don't want to beat a lot of air into the cheese; cheesecakes are supposed to be somewhat dense.  Add the eggs one at a time, beating thoroughly (again, at medium-low speed) after each. Scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl, and continue to beat until smooth.  Stir in the lemon juice, vanilla, and flour.  Spoon the batter into the bucket, smoothing the top.  Press Start; start your own 25-minute timer, too.  To make the crust: Crush the graham crackers, and combine with the remaining crust ingredients, stirring until evenly crumbly.  When the 25-minute timer goes off, open the lid, and quickly and gently spread the crumbs over the filling, pressing them down gently.  Shut the lid, and let the machine finish its entire cycle, through "keep warm."  Remove the bucket from the machine, and allow the cake to cool to room temperature right in the bucket. When it's cool, cover the bucket and refrigerate until serving time.   To serve the cheesecake: Loosen the edges of the cake with a plastic knife or spatula. If you have a Zo Virtuoso, fasten a double piece of aluminum foil to the top of the bucket (inside the handles), sealing it completely. Holding the bottom of the foil, turn the bucket over, and tap it gently on the counter to loosen the cake, which should drop onto the foil. If you have a different model Zo (one without handles), simply turn it upside-down over a serving plate, and gently wiggle/shake the pan to make the cake fall out onto the plate. Some of the crumbs will fall off; that's OK, simply nudge them back towards the crust.  Cut the cake into squares or long slices. Serve as is; or top with fruit, if desired. Refrigerate any leftovers.  Yield: one cake, about 8 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Older-model Zo's, whose buckets don't have a handle, make turning the cake out of the pan easier. However, if you have a newer model, one whose bucket has handles, simply follow the directions at right, and you should be fine. Understand that this isn't the most gorgeous cake in the world; but it's certainly tasty.Don't have a Zojirushi? Try our Easy Cheesecake, or our NY Cheesecake.  
    