White Chocolate Cinnamon Rolls
    
    Are you searching for a cinnamon bun that goes beyond the basics? This recipe features a rich white chocolate dough, swirled with two fillings: thick cinnamon, and white chocolate/cream cheese. Breakfast special occasions will never be the same. 
    
     Dough  301g lukewarm milk 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 2 teaspoons sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 14g soft butter 361 to 421 grams King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 57g white chocolate, grated  Cinnamon fillilng  85g prepared Baker's Cinnamon Filling OR 1/2 cup sugar mixed with 1 teaspoon cinnamon  White chocolate filling  57g softened cream cheese 113g white chocolate, melted additional melted white chocolate for drizzling, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the ingredients in the order listed, mixing and kneading by hand, bread machine, or stand mixer to make a smooth dough. It should be soft, smooth, and feel bouncy and elastic under your hands.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, or 8-cup measure. Cover it, and let the dough rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until it's become quite puffy, though not necessarily doubled in size.   While the dough is rising, lightly grease two 9" round cake pans.  Transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface, and pat or roll it into a 16" x 12" rectangle. It's a nice, soft dough, and rolls out easily.   To make the white chocolate filling: Mix the cream cheese and melted white chocolate. Spread in an even, thin layer over the dough.   Add the cinnamon filling, spreading it evenly over the white chocolate layer. It's fine if they mix together.     Starting with a long edge, roll the dough into a log and seal the seam well with the heel of your hand. Slice into 16 even slices.   Evenly space the slices in two 9" round pans. Cover lightly and let rise until noticeably puffy, 40 to 50 minutes  Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the buns for 20 to 25 minutes, until they're golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and place the pan on a rack. You can ice and serve the rolls right from the pan, or turn them out for a prettier presentation.   Drizzle the warm buns with additional melted white chocolate, if desired; serve warm.   Yield: 16 servings.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  For yet another touch of decadence, sprinkle 1/2 cup cinnamon chips over the white chocolate and cinnamon fillings.  
    