White Wheat Pretzels
    
    These are soft pretzels, similar to the kind you buy in New York City at the street vendors. High in carbohydrates, low in fat, chewy and filling, they are the quintessential snack food.  These pretzels are really fun to make and would be a good project to do with older kids. They feature our white whole wheat, which is sweeter than whole wheat, but has all the same nutritional attributes.
    
     Pretzels  11g sugar 454g room-temperature water 11g active dry yeast or 7g instant yeast 298g to 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons barley malt extract or powder 14g salt 340g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour  Water Bath  1361g water 43g baking soda  Toppings  Kosher salt, herb salt substitute, or seeds to sprinkle on top of the pretzels 
    
     Directions   Combine the sugar, yeast, water and 1/2 cup all-purpose flour and let sit for about 10 minutes to get your yeast going.  Add the barley malt powder, the salt, and the white whole wheat flour. Stir well, then add the balance of the all-purpose flour, a cup at a time, until the dough has formed a shaggy mass.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it, adding more flour as necessary, until the dough has formed a smooth, slightly tacky dough.  Put the dough in a lightly greased bowl and turn it to coat the dough. Cover the bowl with  plastic wrap and let rise until puffy.   Preheat the oven to 450°F. Grease two baking sheets or line them with parchment paper. Bring the water and baking soda to a boil.  Punch the dough down and knead it briefly to expel any air bubbles. Divide the dough in half and keep dividing the halves into halves until you have 16 more-or-less equal-sized pieces.   Roll each piece into a rope about 1/2" in diameter. The best way to do this is to roll each piece halfway out, and then let it sit to relax to avoid tearing the dough. Go back to the first piece and finish rolling it out.  Take each rope and make a U-shaped loop with fairly short ends. Cross the rope near the ends, and twist again them. Take the end of each rope and press separately near the bottom center of the loop, creating the classic pretzel shape. Repeat for each pretzel.  Lower the water to a simmer.  Carefully pick up 3 or 4 pretzels and add them to the water. The pretzels will expand quickly and dramatically. Cook for about 1 minute. Use a spatula or a slotted spoon to transfer the pretzels to the prepared baking sheets.  When all of the pretzels are done, sprinkle them with salt or seeds. Bake the pretzels for 12 to 15 minutes until well-browned.  Store well-wrapped for up to 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    