Whole Wheat Hot Dog Buns
    
    Hot dog buns made with 100% whole wheat flour? Who knew! King Arthur 100% white whole wheat flour makes for some very tasty buns. Note: This recipe calls for a special pan, our New England hot dog bun pan.
    
       283g to 340g lukewarm water* 1 large egg 28g butter 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 25g sugar 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk 32g potato flour or dried potato flakes 67g Hi-maize Fiber; or substitute whole wheat flour 340g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten, optional; for better rise 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast  *Start with 1 1/4 cups water, adding more if necessary to make a soft, smooth dough. 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients, and mix and knead them — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to form a smooth, supple dough.   Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise until it's puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface. Shape it into a 6" x 15" rectangle, and place it in a lightly greased New England hot dog bun pan.   Grease the bottom of a clean baking sheet and place it on top of the pan so the rising dough will fill the pan evenly.   Let the dough rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until it's almost filled the pan.  Preheat your oven to 375°F.   With the baking sheet still on top, bake the buns for 25 minutes.   Remove the baking sheet and bake 5 minutes longer, to brown the buns, if necessary.   Remove from the oven, cool for 5 minutes, then turn the buns out of the pan to cool completely on a rack.   When completely cool, slice each bun down the middle horizontally, without cutting through the bottom; then separate into individual buns.   Buns will keep, well-wrapped, for up to 5 days at room temperature, or frozen for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have a hot dog bun pan, divide the dough into 10 pieces and shape into oval buns by hand. Or make dinner rolls: Divide the risen dough into 16 pieces, shape them into balls, place in a lightly greased 9" x 13" pan, cover, let rise, and bake in a preheated 350°F oven for about 22 to 25 minutes, until golden brown. Yield: 16 buns.  
    