
rosemary-olive focaccia

breads , sun-dried

1 lb frozen bread dough ; thawed
3 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary ; minced or
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
3/4 cup parmesan
6 kalamata olives ; pit , quarter
4 oil-pk dried tomatoes ; drain cut in strips
2 lb cloves garlic ; thinly sliced
1 fresh rosemary sprigs ; opt

preheat oven to 450~ . place dough in bowl . add 1t oil and minced
rosemary . season generously with pepper . knead dough until
ingredients are dombined . roll dough out on lightly floured work
surface to 9x6 '' rectangle . transfer to baking sheet . flatten and
press dough into 12x9 '' rectange . rub 1 t oil over . sprinkle 1/2 c
parmesan over ; press gently into dough . bake until bread is almost
cooked through and cheese begins to brown , about 12 minutes . arrange
olives , tomatoes and garlic atop bread . sprinkle enough remaining
parmesan over to cover lightly . drizzle remaining 1 t olive oil over .
top with rosemary sprigs . continue baking until cheese melts and
bread is cooked through , about 5 minutes . cut into squares or wedges
and serve . ( wrv )

yield : 4 servings




dilly bread ( rachor )

breads

2 cup chopped onions
1/2 cup water
3 cup warm water
1/4 cup sweetener
2 tablespoon yeast
1 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon oil
1/3 cup nutritional yeast
3 tablespoon dry dill weed
3 cup white flour
7 cup wholewheat flour

cook onions in 1/2 c water . combine sweetener , yeast & warm water &
let stand till it foams . add 4 c flour to the yeast mixture . stir
vigorously for 1 minute . stir in all remaining ingredients except the
flour . after this is well mixed , beat in the rest of the flour a
little at a time until you have the correct consistency . cover & let
rise till doubled .

punch down dough , knead & form into loaves . place into 3 oiled loaf
pans . let rise again till almost doubled . bake at 350f for 35 to 40
minutes .

joann rachor , `` of these ye may freely eat ''

yield : 3 loaves




cinnamon raisin bread

breads

1 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/4 cup warm milk
3 cup bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
2/3 cup raisins

the raisins get chopped up ( you can add them later if you like after
the first rise ) but it smells heavenly and tastes wonderful to wake
up with this hot out of the baker ! note : no instructions provided .
use normal bread making procedures .

yield : 1 servings




doughnuts or longjohns

breads , breakfast

-- -- doughnuts -- --
4 1/2 cup flour
2 pkg yeast
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup evaporated milk
1/4 cup shortening
1 each egg
-- -- frosting -- --
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup butter
1/4 teaspoon maple flavoring
2 tablespoon half & half
1 cup powdered sugar

in a large mixer bowl combine 1 1/2 cups flour , yeast , sugar , salt and
nutmeg . mix well . in a sauce pan , heat water , milk and shortening to
120 deg f. add to flour mixture . add egg . blend at slow speed until
well mixed . beat 3 minutes at medium speed . by hand gradually add
remaining flour to make soft dough . knead on floured surface until
smooth and elastic . place in greased bowl and cover and let rise for
1 hour or until doubled in size . punch down dough and divide into two
parts . roll dough into a 12 x 6 inch rectangle . cut rectangle into 1 ''
strips . cover and let rise until doubled in size . heat oil to 425 deg
f. fry each strip until golden brown . drain on paper toweling . coat
with frosting . prepare frosting : in a small sauce pan conbine butter
and brown sugar . boil for 2 minutes , stirring constantly . add maple
flavoring and half & half . stir in enough powdered sugar to make
spreadable frosting .

yield : 24 servings




onion zucchini quick bread~ tried

breads , quick & easy

1 large zucchini ( 1/2lb ) , shredded
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 1/3 cup french 's french fried onions 2.8 ou ; nce can
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 or
1 teaspoon dried basil leaves
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup unsalted butter , melted
1/4 cup packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs

preheat oven to 350 degree f. grease 9x5x3-inch loaf pan

drain zucchini in colander . combine flour , cheese , french fried
onions , baking powder , basil and salt in a large bowl .

combine milk , butter , brown sugar and eggs in a medium bowl ; whisk
until well blended . place zucchini in kitchen towel ; squeeze out
excess liquid . stir zucchini into milk mixture .

stir milk mixture into flour mixture , stirring just until moistened .
do not over mix . ( batter will be very stiff and dry . ) pour batter
into prepared pan . run knife down center of batter .

bake 50-65 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out
clean . cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes . remove bread from pan to
wire rack ; cool completely . cut into slices to serve .

note : 1 1/4 c. whole wheat flour can be substituted for the
all-purpose
flour .

for optimum flavor , wrap bread overnight and serve the next day .
this bread is excellent toasted .

from the recipe files of suzy @ gannett.infi.net

yield : 8 servings




zucchini health bread

breads

3 eggs
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup honey
1/4 cup wheat germ
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 cup bran
1 cup oil
2 cup grated unpeeled zucchini
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup chopped nuts
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup raisins
3 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

mix in order given . bake in 2 greased loaf pans at 325 degrees for
60 to 70 minutes .

yield : 6 servings




raspberry chocolate chip muffins

breads

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup miniature chocolate chips
1/2 cup milk
2 cup fresh/frozen unsweetened raspberrie ; s
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 tablespoon orange zest

mix together flour , baking powder and chocolate chips . cream butter
and sugar . add vanilla and orange zest . in two additions alternately
add the dry ingredients and the milk . fold in raspberries . bake at
375 degrees for 25-30 minutes .

formatted on september 25 , 1996 by jamie calton

yield : 12 muffins




willadoll 's hula bread

breads , fruits

2 cup flour
1 cup mashed banana
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup sugar
1 cup flaked coconut
2 eggs
1/2 cup chopped pecans

sift flour , soda , and salt . cream the butter and sugar . add eggs and
beat it . add mashed bananas , orange rind , milk , and vanilla . stir it .
add dry ingredients and mix . add coconut , pecans and bake at 350
degrees for one hour and 10 minutes in a greased loaf pan .

( sinkin ' spells , hot flashes , fits and cravin 's . 1988 )

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




hot cheese toast

appetizers , breads , cheese , cocktails

8 slice bacon ; cooked ; crumbled
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1 cup shredded sharp cheddar
1 cheese
1 small onion ; grated
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1 freshly ground pepper
1/8 teaspoon dry mustard
1/2 teaspoon worcestershire sauce
1 several dashes tabasco sauce
8 slice firm white day-old bread

cook bacon by placing on a rack over a shallow pan and bake at 350
degrees for about 20 minutes , or until crisp . drain on paper towels
and set aside .

combine all ingredients except bread in a bowl . crumble bacon and add
to mixture ; set aside .

cut crusts from bread slices and toast on both sides . spread each
slice generously with cheese mixture ; then cut each slice into three
long strips . sprinkle with paprika ; place on baking sheet , cover with
waxed paper and refrigerate . this may be done the day before . remove
from refrigerator 30 minutes before ready to bake ; bake at 350
degrees for about 20 minutes , or until light brown and puffy . serve
hot . double the recipe for a cocktail party of 20 .

note : these strips are quite filling . for a daintier appetizer , cut
strips in half before baking . these are delicious nd versatile ,
providing a good luncheon or brunch dish . they should be served with
sliced tomatoes and garnished with parsley clusters ; in which case ,
serve two whole bread slices per person , not cutting into strips . mm
wrenn

the southern living party cookbook

yield : 24 strips




mandelbrot ( almond bread )

breads

3 eggs
1/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/3 cup chopped blanched almonds
2 teaspoon ground cinnamon ( less needed

beat the eggs and sugar together until thick . add the oil and
vanilla and mix well . stir in the flour , baking powder and almonds .
pour the batter into a lightly oiled and floured 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf
pan just to cover the bottom of the pan .

sprinkle on the cinnamon . add another layer of batter and cinnamon .
continue until all the batter and cinnamon are used .

bake in 350 f oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown . bread
will be dense . remove from the pan and cool on a wire rack . cut into
1/2 inch slices when ready to serve . place each slice on a lightly
oiled baking sheet and toast in a 400 f oven for 5 to 6 minutes . ( my
note - warm briefly in microwave . )

1/2 inch slice - 55 calories , 1/2 fruit exchange + 1/2 fat exchange 6
grams carbohydrate , 1 gram protein , 3 grams fat , 13 mg sodium , 11 mg
potassium , 44 mg cholesterol .

source : am . diabetes assoc . holiday cookbook by betty wedman , 1986
shared and tested by elizabeth rodier nov 93

yield : 18 servings




focaccia ( black pepper )

breads , italian

1 pkg yeast ( 1 tb )
2 cup warm water , seperated
5 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
3 tablespoon olive oil
1 toppings
1 extra virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon kosher or sea salt
2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme
1 single herb infused oil
1 recipe to follow

sprinkle yeast over 1 c warm water and let dissolve about 10 minutes .
mix dry ingredients using five c of flour to start and then add yeast
water and left over water and oil . on lightly floured surface , knead
dough until smooth and elastic adding more flour if required . place
in lightly greased bowl turning once to coat top with oil . let raise
double in bulk and punch down . transfer to lightly floured and knead
gently for 1 minute . lightly grease a 14 inch pizza pan and roll
dough out to fit make 1/2 inch indentation with fingertips and let
raise 30 minutes . adjust lower rack to bottom of over and leave broil
rack in over . preheat to 425* and place 1 c of ice cubes in a pan on
top rack . brush bread with 1 tb oil and sprinkle on sea salt . cook 30
min . until brown and taps hollow . brush with 1 tb oil and add thyme .
serve with herb infused oil . from good housekeeping .

yield : 1 loaf




nora mill whole wheat muffins

breads

2 cup nora mill whole wheat m. mix
2 each eggs
1 cup buttermilk ( milk is okay )
1/2 each melted butter or margarine

preheat oven to 475 degrees f. grease muffin tins . beat eggs and
butter- milk ( or milk ) . then add in butter . stir in mix ( do not over
mix , leave it lumpy ) . divide into muffin tins and bake for 20
minutes . muffins should be firm and pulling away from the sides of
pan .

yield : 12 servings




datenut brea

breads

16 oz dates , pitted
1 3/4 cup boiling water
1/2 cup butter
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup flour
1 cup chopped walnuts

mix dates and water let sit 10 minutes then add soda and flour . in a
seperate bowl mix butter sugar and eggs . add date mixture to sugar
mixture and then add walnuts . pour into 2 greased and floured loaf
pans and bake 325-350 for 1 hour . converted by mmconv vers . 1.10

yield : 1 servings




boston brown bread

breads

2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup dark molasses
1 cup seedless raisins
1 cup rye flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup white , fine ground cornmeal
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter or margerine @ rm temp

equipment ; egg beater or electric mixer , larege sized mixing bowl ,
wooden mixing spoon , sifter , 2 clean cans ( 2-1/2 cup size , one end
removed ) wax paper , aluminum foil , string , or tape , wire reack to fit
inside large saucepan with cover , oven mits , waxpaper covered
worksurface .

1. put about 2 qt . water in tea kettle and breing to boil . 2. using
egg beater or mixer , mix buttermik and molasses until well
blended ( about 5 min > ) ; add raisins 3 . put rye and whole wheat
flowers , cormenal , baking soda , and salt into
flour sifter and sift into buttermilk mixture a little at a time .
stir
coninually until well blended . 4 . spread softened butter or
margarine over inside and bottom of cans .
pour mixture equally into the cans . cover each can loosely with
greased
wax paper ( greased side down ) , allowing room under the wax paper
for the
bread to rise . cover wax paper with a large peice of aluminum
foil ,
pulling it tightly around the outside of each can but puffing it
up over
the opening . tie or tape the foil securely to the sideds of each
can .
placed filled cans on rack in saucepan . set saucepan on stove and
add
enough boiling water to reach about 3/4 of the way up the sides
of the
cans .
set on high heat and breing water to a boil . reduce to low , cover ,
and steam bread for 2-1/2 hours . 5 . using oven mitts , carefully
remove cans , one by one from water , and
place on work surface . carefully remove foil and wax paper from
hot cans . turn cans upside down and carefully turn bread out on
waxpaper
covered work surface .

to serve : allow the bread to cool before slicing into about 1/2 inch
wide peices . refrigerated , the bread keeps ell if wrapped for about
10 days .

from : `` the multicultural cookbook for students , '' albyn & webb , oryx
press , 1993 . posted by bud cloyd

yield : 2 servings




dutch babies

breads , breakfast

2 eggs
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter

beat the eggs . in a pyrex pie plate put the butter and put in a 400
oven for 3-5 minutes to melt the butter . to the beaten eggs add the
flour , salt and milk . take the plate out of the oven and add the egg
mixture to the hot plate return to oven and bake 25 minutes or until
puffed up . remove from oven and sprinkle with powdered sugar or
topping of your choice . one type of pancake taken fron computer files .

yield : 2 servings




cheese dumplings

breads , casseroles

3 tablespoon shortening
1 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar
3/4 cup milk

cut shortening into flour ; baking powder and salt in medium bowl until
mixture resembles fine crumbs . stir in cheese and milk until
blended . drop dough by 10 to 12 spoonfuls onto casserole/stew and
cook uncovered for 10 minutes . cover and cook 10 minutes longer .

yield : 4 servings




chocolate low fat muffins

breads , low fat

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup hershey 's cocoa or hershey 's europe ; an style cocoa
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup vanilla lowfat yogurt
2/3 cup skim milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 powdered sugar ( opt )

heat oven to 400 degrees f. line muffin cups ( 2 1/2 '' in diameter ) with
paper bake cups . in medium bowl , stir together flour , granulated
sugar , cocoa , baking powder , baking soda and salt ; stir in yogurt ,
milk and vanilla just until combined . do not beat .

fill muffin cups 2/3 full with batter . bake 15-20 minutes or until
wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean . cool slightly in pan
on wire rack . remove from pans . sprinkle powdered sugar over tops of
muffins , if desired . serve warm . store , covered , at room temperature
or freeze in airtight container for longer storage .

nutritional information per muffin : 100 calories ; 2 grams protein ; 22
grams carbohydrates ; 1 gram fat ; 0 milligrams cholesterol ; 200
milligrams sodium ; 45 milligrams calcium .

from : michael orchekowski date : 30 apr 94

yield : 14 muffins




slo rise pita

breads

1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
3 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon olive oil
3 cup unbleached all purpose flour

: in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in water . one cup at a time ,
stir in whole-wheat flour . stir the dough 100 times in the same
direction . cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 45 minutes .
: sprinkle salt over the dough and stir in oil . one cup at a
time , stir in white flour until the dough will take no more and
can not be stirred . turn out the dough onto a lightly floured work
surface and knead until smooth and elastic , 8 to 10 minutes . transfer
the dough to a large , lightly oiled bowl , turn to coat and cover with
plastic wrap , . let rise until doubled in volume approximately 3
hours . gently punch down . ( the dough can be stored , enclosed in a
plastic bag , in the refrigerator for up to 1 week . )
: set a baking stone , unglazed quarry tiles or a lightly oiled
baking sheet on the bottom oven rack and pre-heat oven to 450 degrees
f .
: divide the dough into 16 equal pieces . roll out each piece of
dough into a 7-to 8-inch circle that is 1/4 inch thick . using your
hands or a semolina-dusted pizza peel , carefully transfer the
prepared dough to the heated baking surface . bake for 2 to 3 minutes ,
or until the breads have puffed . ( do not worry if all the breads do
not puff completely ; they will still taste delicious . ) when baked ,
keep breads warm by stacking them and wrapping them in a clean
kitchen towel .

yield : 16 pita




peanut loaf

breads

4 tablespoon margarine
1 cup sugar
1 each egg
1 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk
1 cup peanuts chopped fine

cream margarine and sugar , add egg . mix flour & baking powder and add
alternately with milk , mix in peanuts . pour in greased & floured loaf
pan and bake in 350 f oven 50 - 60 minutes .

yield : 8 servings




madeline 's muffins

breads

2 1/2 cup quick mix ( msg # 120121 )
4 tablespoon sugar
1 egg , beaten
1 cup milk or water
1 butter and honey , if desired

preheat oven 425f ( 220c ) . generously butter muffin pans . place quick
mix in a medium bowl . add sugar and mix well . in a small bowl ,
combine egg and milk or water . add all at once to dry ingredients .
stir until just blended . fill prepared muffin pans 2/3 full . bake 15
to 20 minutes , until golden brown . serve hot with butter and honey ,
if desired .

variationss : raisin , date or nut muffins : add 1/2 cup finely choped
raisins , dates or nuts to dry ingredients before adding liquid
ingredients . before baking , sprinkle generously with mixture of
cinnamon and sugar .

blueberry muffins : add 1 cup well-drained blueberries to dry
ingredients before adding liquid ingredients .

oatmeal or bran muffins : reduce quick mix to 1 3/4 cups . add 3/4 cup
quick rolled oats or all-bran cereal to dry ingredients before adding
liquid ingredients .

apple muffins : add 1 cup grated rqw apple to dry ingredients before
adding liquid ingredients and increase baking time to 20 to 25
minutes .

orange muffins : add 1 tablespoon fresh orange peel or 1 1/2 teaspoons
dehydrated orange peel to dry ingredients before adding liquid
ingredients .

cranberry muffins : add 2/3 cup chopped cranberries to dry ingredients
before adding liquid ingredients .

taken from `` the complete make-a-mix cookbook '' by karine eliason ,
nevada harward , and madeline westover

yield : 12 lg muffins




greek christmas bread

breads , low cal , ethnic , vegetarian , greek

1 pkg ( or 1 tablespoon ) active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees )
1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/4 cup milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup golden raisins
1/4 cup walnuts , chopped

keywords : ovo-lacto

dissolve the yeast in the warm water . combine the sugar , cardamom ,
salt , egg , milk and oil in a large bowl . mix well . add the yeast
mixture , flours , raisins and nuts . mix well . add enough extra flour
to make soft dough . turn the dough out onto a floured surface and
knead until smooth and elastic , about 5 minutes . shape into a round
loaf .

put the dough into a lightly-oiled 8-inch-round cake pan . cover with
a damp towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk ,
about 1 hour . bake in a 350-degree oven 35 to 40 minutes , or until
brown .

serves 15

one serving = calories : 147 carbohydrates : 22 protein : 4 fat : 6
sodium : 40 potassium : 101 cholesterol : 18

exchange value : 1 bread exchange + 1/2 fruit exchange + 1 fat exchange

source : holiday cookbook , american diabetes association , isbn
0-13-024894-0 , by betty wedman , m.s. , r.d .

yield : 15 servings




chilla puri

breads , indian , vegetarian

1 cup flour , whole wheat ; or all purpose
1 each onion ; grated
1 each green chili ; finely chopped
1 tablespoon coriander leaves ; finely chopped salt water
1 ghee ; or oil

a recipe from sind

sift flour and salt together in a bowl . gradullay pour all water and
mix well . beat until smooth . leave aside for 20 minutes . beat again
and add onion , chili and corainder leaves . mix well . heat a griddle .
put a tsp of ghee or oil in it . pour 2 tbsp of batter and spread it
evenly . make a round circle 4 '' ( 10 cm ) diameter . turn once . cook on
other side . add 1 or 2 tsp ghee if necessary . cook unti both sides
turns light brown . repeat the same with remaining batter . serve hot
with mint chutney or pickle .

yield : 6 servings




delicate whole-wheat pasta

breads

1 cup flour , whole-wheat pastry
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup flour , unbleached
2 eggs
2 teaspoon olive oil
2 tablespoon water ; ( more as needed )

sift flours and salt together into a large mixing bowl or food
processor . add the eggs and oil , and work together until you have a
moderately sticky lump ( if working by hand ) or a grainy mixture ( if
working with a food processor ) . add 2 t. water , and work the dough
until you have a fairly firm lump . add a little more water or flour
as needed to get a good-feeling texture . if working by hand , do n't
try to reincorporate the flakes that fall off the main lump . knead
the dough gently for 5 minutes , wrap in a damp dish towel , and let it
rest 30 minutes to an hour . divide the dough into 8 parts and roll
out very thin with a rolling pin or pasta roller . it will thicken and
shrink a bit after the rolling , so roll a little thinner than you
want it to end up . makes 24 lasagne noodles , or enough
spaghetti/fettucine for 8 .

yield : 8 servings




linda 's whole wheat zucchini-banana bread

breads

2 eggs
1 cup applesauce
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 cup grated zucchini
1 small mashed banana ( soft )
2 cup white flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking power
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup chopped nuts
1/2 cup golden raisins
1/2 cup dark raisins

* this recipe uses applesauce instead of oil to reduce total fat* beat
eggs . add the applesauce , vanilla , sugar , zucchini and banana . mix
together well and add remaining ingredients . pour into 2 greased and
floured loaf pans ( approx . 3x9x3 deep . ) preheat oven to 350 deg . and
bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until toothpick inserted in center
comes out clean . makes two loafs .

yield : 2 loafs




hearty garlic bread

breads , bakery

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 cup warm water
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon sugar
3 cup white flour
12 each garlic cloves , pressed

in a deep bowl , dissolve the yeast in water . add oil , salt & sugar .
beat in half the flour & the pressed garlic . add the rest of the
flour slowly , working it in as you go . using your fingers , squeeze
the dough together .

bang the dough down hard on the kneading board . form into an oval &
place on an oiled pan . let rise for a while in a warm place .

preheat oven to 375f & bake for 45 to 55 minutes .

anne lerner , `` breads you would n't believe ''

yield : 1 servings




gingerbread ala kooknet

breads , cakes , desserts

1/4 lb butter
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
3/4 cup boiling water
3/4 cup molasses
2 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon powdered ginger

preheat the oven to 350f . butter and lightly flour a 9 x 9 '' cake pan .
cream the butter , add the sugar , and beat until light . add the eggs
and beat well . ad the boiling water and molasses and blend . mix
together the flour , baking soda , salt and ginger . add to the first
mixture , and combine thoroughly . pour into the prepared pan and bake
35-45 minutes , until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out
clean . cool in the pan about 5 minutes before turning out onto a
plate .

per serving : 640 calories , 9 g protein , 105 g carbohydrate , 21 g fat ,
12 g saturated fat , 134 mg cholesterol , 771 mg sodium , 1 g fiber .

source : san francisco chronicle posted by katherine smith kook-net :
the shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 4 servings




ayalla 's banana bread

breads , quick bread

3 bananas , very ripe
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup shortening ( butter )
2 eggs
3 tablespoon yoghurt or sour cream
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup walnuts , chopped
1 rum , vanilla , or amaretto ( optional ; )

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. cream the shortening and sugar . mix in
the bananas . mix in the remaining ingredients . pour into a greased loaf
pan . bake 1 hour 15-20 minutes at 350 degrees f .

notes :

* this recipe is from my friend ayalla -- it makes a heavy , but moist ,
loaf of banana bread .

* if you use more than 3 normal-size bananas , i suggest that you lower the
oven temperature and cook for a while longer . otherwise , the crust comes
out almost overcooked while the middle remains moist and almost
undercooked .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : preparation : 10 minutes ; baking : at least 95 minutes . allow some
time for cooling .
: precision : approximate measurement ok .

: aviva garrett
: santa cruz , california , usa
: ( excelan , inc. , san jose )
: ucbvax ! mtxinu ! excelan ! aviva

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 1 loaf




caramel sticky buns

breads

1/4 to 1/2 cup warm water
3 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 egg , beaten
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon instant nonfat dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 caramel topping
3 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted

makes 1 dozen

combine 1/4 cup of the water , 1 tablespoon of the sugar and yeast .
stir to dissolve yeast and let stand until bubbly , about 5 minutes .
stir in egg .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , dry milk , remaining 2
tablespoons of the sugar and salt into work bowl . process until mixed ,
about 5 seconds .

turn on processor and slowly pour yeast mixture through feed tube into
flour mixture . slowly drizzle just enough remaining water into flour
mixture so dough forms a ball that cleans sides of the bowl . process
until ball turns around bowl about 25 times . turn off processor and
let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not stickyl . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

cover processor and let dough stand at room temperature until it
begins to rise , about 30 minutes .

prepare caramel topping while dough is rising . pour topping into
greased 9-inch round cake or pie pan .

process on/off . turn dough onto lightly greased surface . divide into
12 equal parts . shape each into ball , dip in melted butter and
arrange over caramel topping in pan . let stand in warm place until
doubled , about 1 hour .

heat oven to 400 f. bake buns until brown , 10 - 12 minutes . cool
about one minute , then invert buns onto serving plate . serve warm or
at room temperature .

caramel topping : 3 tbsp packed brown sugar 3 tbsp butter or margarine
2 tbsp dark corn syrup 1/4 cup chopped walnuts or pecans

combine brown sugar , butter , and corn syrup in small saucepan . cook
over medium heat , stirring constantly , until bubbly and brown sugar
dissolves .

remove from heat . stir in nuts .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




quick chocolate macaroons

desserts , biscuits

1 square baker 's unsweetened
1 chocolate
1 1/3 cup baker 's angel flake coconut
1/3 cup sweetened condensed milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla

preheat oven to 350f .

microwave chocolate in large microwavable bowl on high ( 100 % power ) 1
to 2 minutes or until almost melted , stirring after each minute . stir
until chocolate is completely melted . stir in coconut , condensed milk
and vanilla . drop by teaspoonfuls , 1 inch apart , onto well-greased
cookie sheets .

bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until set . immediately remove from cookie
sheets to cool on wire racks .


source : treasury of desserts , page 209 submitted by `` n. webber ''
< a4gy @ jupiter.sun.csd.unb.ca > on 9 may 1995 123021 +0100

yield : 2 dozen

preparation time : 10 mi




cheddar-cornmeal crackers

breads , crackers

2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
6 tablespoon unsalted butter
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt

preliminaries : adjust oven rack to middle position . preheat oven to
350 degrees . procedure : in a food processor fitted with the metal
blade , blend together the cheese and butter . add the flour , cornmeal ,
cumin , cayenne and salt ; process until the dough forms a ball . divide
the dough in half and roll each into 1-1/2 inch diameter cylinder .
wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely chilled ,
several hours or overnight . cut the dough into rounds 1/8 inch thick
and place on baking sheets . bake in a preheated 350 degree oven 10
minutes , or until lightly browned around the edges . immediately
remove the crackers from the baking sheets and cool on wire racks .
presentation : serve at room temperature . store in airtight containers .

yield : 12 servings




egg braid

breads

1/4 to 1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup instant nonfat dry milk
1/4 cup cold butter or margarine , cut into ; 4 pieces
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , beaten
1 egg
1 sesame or poppy seeds , optional

makes 1 loaf

combine 1/4 cup water , yeast and sugar . stir to dissolve yeast and
let stand until bubbly , about 5 minutes .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , dry milk , butter and
salt into work bowl . process until mixed , about 15 seconds .

add yeast mixture to flour mixture . process until blended , about 10
seconds .

turn on processor and slowly drizzle the 2 beaten eggs through feed
tube and just enough remaining water so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl . process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times . turn off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

turn dough onto lightly floured surface . shape into ball and place in
lightly greased bowl , turning to grease all sides . cover with plastic
wrap and let stand in warm place until doubled , about 1 hour .

punch down dough . divide into 3 equal parts . shape each part into a
strand about 18 inches long . braid the strands loosely together .
tuck ends under and pinch to seal . fit braid into greased 8 1/2 x 4
1/2 x 2 1/2 inch loaf pan . cover loosely with plastic wrap and let
stand in warm place until almost doubled , about 1 hour .

heat oven to 375 f. beat remaining egg with fork . brush egg over
braid . sprinkle sesame or poppy seeds over braid , if desired . bake
until evenly browned , 25 ~ 30 minutes .

remove immediately from pan . cool on wire rack .

refrigerator egg braid : prepare dough through first rising and shape
into braid as directed for egg braid . place in greased loaf pan ,
brush with vegetable oil and cover tightly with plastic wrap .
refrigerate 4 to 24 hours . uncover and let stand at room temperature
30 minutes . bake as directed for egg braid .

raisin bread : prepare dough as directed for egg braid . turn dough
onto lightly floured surface and knead 1/2 cup dark raisins into the
dough . continue as directed for egg braid , eliminating sesame or
poppy seeds .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




saudi arabian pita bread

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
3 3/4 cup flour
1/4 cup shortening
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup warm water

in large mixer bowl soften yeast in warm water . add 2 cups flour ,
shortening and salt . beat at low speed of electric mixer for 1/2
minute , scraping bowl . beat 3 minutes at high speed . stir in as much
remaining flour as you can mix in with a spoon . turn onto lightly
floured work surface . knead in enough remaining flour to make a
moderately soft dough that is smoooth and elastic . ( 5 minutes ) cover ,
let rest in a warm place about 15 minutes . divide into 12 equal
partions . roll each between floured hands into a very smooth ball .
cover with a damp cloth , let rest 10 minutes . using fingers , gently
flatten balls . cover , let rest 10 minutes . ( keep dough pieces covered
until ready to use . ) on well floured surface lightly roll one piece
of dough at a time into a circle 7 inches in diameter , turning dough
over once . do not stretch , puncture or crease dough ( work with enough
flour so dough does not stick ) place on baking sheet . bake rounds , 2
at a time , in a 450 f oven about 3 minutes or until dough is puffed
and softly set . turn over with a spatula , bake about 2 more mintes ,
or until dough is light brown . repeat with remaining dough , baking
one batch before rolling the next batch . to serve , slice bread
crosswise , fill pocket with desired filling makes 12 rounds . from
avon 's international cookbook .

yield : 12 servings




old-fashioned crumb cake

breads , genie

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup butter , softened
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg , beaten
1 cup sour milk
1 teaspoon baking soda

to make sour milk , add 1 ts white vinegar to 1 c milk .

blend flour , butter and cinnamon until mixture resembles cornmeal .
reserve 1 cup flour mixture for top . add sugar , nutmeg , salt , egg ,
sour milk and baking soda . blend slowly . pour into greased 9-inch
square baking dish . sprinkle reserved crumb mixture on top . bake at
350 for 30 minutes , or until straw inserted in center comes out clean .

a light , spicy snack cake

this recipe was taken from second round tea-time at the masters
cookbook given to me by jon martin in the january 93 cookbook swap

enjoy !

sparkie

yield : 10 servings




swedish rye bread

breads , swedish

2 cup milk
1 cup water
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 oz dry yeast ( two packages )
6 cup rye flour ( approx )
3 cup flour , white ( approx )
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup dark molasses
2 teaspoon anise seeds , crushed
1 teaspoon salt

scald the milk and combine it with the water and brown sugar in a very
large bowl . ( you need something that holds at least 4 or 5 quarts . ) when
the mixture is lukewarm , dissolve the yeast in it , then stir in about 2
cups rye flour and about 1 cup white flour to make a paste .

let the mixture rise in a warm place until it is light and foamy . this
usually takes about 30 minutes to an hour . check it frequently , it can
really make a mess if it rises enough to overflow the bowl . ( i 'm sure they
could make a great horror movie about a gigantic blob of bread dough that
keeps getting bigger and bigger as it consumes everything in its path ... . )

stir in the granulated sugar , oil , molasses , anise seed and salt , and
enough flour to make a stiff dough , using 2 parts rye to 1 part white .
knead the dough for about 5 minutes , or until it is smooth and elastic ,
adding more flour to keep it from sticking to your hands .

clean and grease the bowl . put the dough in the bowl , turning it to grease
all sides . cover the bowl loosely with a clean towel and let the dough
rise until it 's doubled in bulk . punch it down and let rise until double
again .

divide the dough into three loaves and put in greased pans . ( i usually
make round loaves and bake them on cookie sheets . ) cover with the towel and
let rise until double again .

bake for about 45 minutes at 350 degrees f. because of the high sugar
content , this bread can burn rather easily ; watch it closely so it does n't
get too dark .

notes :

* a sweet , dark whole-grain rye bread -- this recipe comes from my
great-grandmother , who emigrated from sweden and brought this recipe with
her . it makes a sweet , dark bread , and ( like most whole-grain breads ) it
tends to be a bit heavy . yield : makes 3 loaves .

* rye flour can be a little hard to find these days . you may have to
visit a store that specializes in natural foods . avoid the kind that is
very coarsely ground with big chunks of bran in it , though ; this does n't
seem to have any gluten at all in it , and since the proportion of rye flour
is so high in this recipe , the texture of the bread will come out all
wrong . you need something that looks more like ordinary flour .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : 30 minutes preparation , several hours rising , 1 hour baking and
cooling .
: precision : measure the ingredients .

: sandra loosemore
: evans & sutherland computer corporation , salt lake city
: { decwrl , utah-gr ! uplherc } ! esunix ! loosemor

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 3 loaves




delicatessen black bread

breads

2 1/2 to 3 cup all purpose flour
2 cup rye flour
2 pkg fast acting yeast
2 cup whole bran cereal
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
2 teaspoon onion powder
1 1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup dark molasses
1/4 cup oil
1 square ( 1-oz ) unsweetened chocolate
1/4 cup water
1/2 teaspoon cornstarch

caraway seeds

in large mixer bowl , combine 1 cup all purpose flour , 1 cup rye flour ,
yeast , bran cereal , salt , caraway seed and onion powder ; mix well . in
saucepan , heat milk , 1/2 cup water , molasses , oil and chocolate until
very warm ( 125-130 degrees ; chocolate does not need to melt ) . add to
flour mixture . blend at low speed until moistened ; beat 3 minutes at
medium speed .

by hand , gradually stir in remaining rye flour and enough remaining
all purpose flour to make a firm dough . knead on floured surface
until smooth and elastic , about 5 minutes . place in greased bowl ,
turning to grease top .

cover , let rise in warm place until double , 30-45 minutes . punch down
dough .

divide into 2 parts . on lightly floured surface , shape each half into
a round loaf . place in greased 8 inch layer cake pans . cover ; let
rise in warm place until almost doubled , about 15 minutes . bake at
375 degrees for 40-45 minutes . combine 1/4 cup water and cornstarch
for glaze in small saucepan ; heat to boiling . brush on loaves 5
minutes before end of baking . sprinkle caraway seeds on loaves , if
desired . return loaves to oven for 5 minutes or until glaze is glossy
and loaves sound hollow when tapped . remove from pans when cool .

yield : 6 servings




biskotine

desserts , biscuits

1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup sweet butter
4 cup sifted flour *
4 teaspoon baking powder
6 eggs
1 1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon brandy or whiskey
1 teaspoon anise flavoring

cream butter and sugar together thoroughly ; add eggs , one at a time ,
beating well after each addition . add flavorings . sift and add dry
ingredients . place dough in freezer for awhile . then shape into small
loaves , about 1 inch around and place on cookie sheet . bake at 375 f
for about 25 to 30 minutes .

remove from oven and cut loaves into desired thickness . lay ( slices )
flat on cookie sheet and lower temperature to 200 f for 15 to 20
minutes .

*note : i use 2 cups cake flour and 2 cups regular flour

source : madeline yeseta gavran `` our favorite recipes '' st. anthony
croatian catholic church typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 batch




monkey bread ii

breads , cakes

4 can refrigerator biscuits , country or b ; uttermilk
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/3 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 sauce
1 1/2 sticks butter or margarine
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar

cake

for the cake : combine the sugars and the cinnamon in a plastic bag .
break the biscuits into quarters and add 10 or 12 pieces at a time to
the bag and shake to coat . place in a greased tube or bundt pan .

for the sauce : melt the butter and sugars in a small saucepan . cook
until thick . pour over the biscuits and bake at 350 degrees for 30
minutes .

[ the baltimore sun ; february 13 , 1991 ; mickey brogan ]

yield : 6 servings




pancakes ( crocker )

breads , crockpot

1 egg
1 cup all-purpose flour*
3/4 cup milk
1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon shortening , melted , or vegetable ni ; l
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

beat egg with hand beater until fluffy ; beat in remaining ingredients
just until smooth . for thinner pancakes , stir in additional 1/4 cup
milk . grease heated griddle if necessary . ( to test griddle sprinkle
with few drops water . if bubbles skitter around , heat is just right . )

for each pancake , pour about 3 tb batter from tip of large spoon or
from pitcher onto hot griddle . cook pancakes until puffed and dry
around edges . turn and ccok other sides until golden brown . nine
4-inch pancakes ; 100 calories per pancake .

blueberry pancakes : stir in 1/2 cup fcesh or frozen blueberries
( thawed and well drained ) .

buckwheat pancakes : substitute 1/2 cup buckwheat flour and 1/2 cup
whole wheat flour for the all-purpose flour . use 1 cup milk . if
desired , sprinkle 1 ts whole bran or wheat germ over each pancake
just before turning . 10 pancakes .

buttermilk pancakes : substitute 1 cup buttermilk for the milk .
decrease baking powder to 1 ts and beat in
1/2 ts baking soda . 10 pancakes .

ham pancakes : omit sugar . stir in 1/3 to 1/2 cup ground or cut-up
fully cooked smoked ham .

whole wheat pancakes : substitute whole wheat flour for the all-purpose
flour and packed brown sugar for the granulated sugar .

*if using sell=rising flour , omit baking powder and salt .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 9 pancakes




peanut butter french toast

breads , breakfast

3 egg , slightly beaten
1 dash salt
2 tablespoon sugar
3/4 cup milk
1 tablespoon peanut butter
6 bread slices , day-old
1 butter

1 . beat eggs with salt , sugar , milk , and peanut butter until mixture
is smooth and well blended . dip slices of bread in the mixture ,
coating bread on both sides .

2 . grease a heavy skillet generously with butter and place over high
heat until butter sizzles . brown bread in hot skillet , turning once
to brown both sides . serve warm with syrup or honey .

yield : 3 servings




snickerdoodles ( knight )

biscuits

1 cup butter flavor crisco
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 tablespoon milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 3/4 cup flour , all purpose
2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon cinnamon


1 . heat oven to 400 f .

2 . cream butter flavor crisco , 1 1/2 cups sugar , eggs , milk and
vanilla in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until well
blended .

3 . combine flour , cream of tartar , baking soda and salt . mix into
creamed mixture . shape dough into 1 inch balls .

4 . combine 1/2 cup granulated sugar and cinnamon in small bowl . roll
balls of dough in mixture . ( hint : sugar mixture can be put in
zip-lock plastic bag . put 2 to 3 dough balls at a time in bag . shake
to sugar coat . ) place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet .

5 . bake at 400 for 7 to 8 minutes . remove to cooling rack .

colored sugar variation : add 2 teaspoons cinnamon to flour mixture in
step # 3 . combine 3 tablespoons colored sugar and 3 tablespoons
granulated sugar for coating instead of the cinnamon and sugar
mixture .

makes 6 dozen 1 1/2 inch cookies .

source : butter flavor crisco cookie collection , page 41 . shared by :
david knight

yield : 72 cookies

preparation time : 30 mi




cinnamon raisin apple muffin mix

breads , vegetarian , mix

-- -- mix -- --
2 cup whole-wheat pastry flour or unbleac ; hed all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup raisins
-- -- additional ingredients -- --
1 cup apple juice
1/2 cup apple sauce
2 tablespoon oil

whisk together first 6 ingredients and store in an airtight container .
package raisins separately .

attach these instructions : to prepare , preheat oven to 350 degrees .
mix together 1 cup apple juice , 1/2 cup apple sauce and 2 tablespoons
vegetable oil . add dry ingredients and raisins and stir until just
combined . spoon into lightly oiled muffin tins , and bake for 20 to 25
minutes , or until middle is done .

total calories : 128 fat : 3 grams ( 21 % )

source : vegetarian journal , jan/feb 1995 pooh 's recipe dbase
( lisa_pooh @ delphi.com ) 1/29/96

yield : 12 muffins




sourdough biscuits from starter

breads

1 text only

mix 1 pint of flour and 1 tsp of salt with 1 pint of warm water or
canned milk . beat into a smooth batter . keep in a warm place until
well soured or fermented . add another teaspoon of salt and 1-1/2 tsp
of soda dissolved in 1/2 cup tepid water and enough flour to make the
dough easy to handle . knead until dough in no longer sticky , cup up
into biscuits and cook in a pan containing plenty of grease .

oregon : end of the trail , 1951 .

origin : a taste of oregon shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 6 servings




zucchini bread # 2

breads , cakes , desserts

2 cup sugar
1 cup oil
3 eggs
3 teaspoon cinnamon
2 cup white flour
1 cup wheat flour
1 cup bran flakes
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup zucchini , grated
1 cup nuts
2 teaspoon vanilla

mix together . bake at 350 degrees for about one hour . makes two 9 x 5
inch loaf pans . it 's really as simple as it looks ! this will also
make 3 medium size loafs . omit the nuts if you like , it 's good
without them also . recipe is from `` favorite recipes from the outer
banks woman 's club '' , kitty hawk , north carolina ( charlotte walker )

yield : 2 servings




frozen dough bagels

breads , jewish

1 pkg frozen bread dough
1 gal boiling water
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon water

let the dough thaw overnight in the refrigerator . cut the loar into
9-12 pieces . roll into ropes and pinch the ends together to form a
circle . preheat the oven to 350f . drop bagels into the boiling water ,
cooking one minute per side . life out with a slotted spoon and place
on a greased cookie sheet . brush with a mixture of egg yolk and
water . bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown .

posted by joyce kohl , kook-net hub , improv bbs , scottsdale , az

yield : 10 servings




fococcia bread/pizza dough

breads

2 pkg fast-rising dry yeast
2 cup tepid water ( 90 degrees )
2 tablespoon sugar
4 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup salad oil
1 teaspoon table salt
5 1/2 cup unbleached white flour
3 centiliter garlic

dissolve the yeast in the tepid water . add sugar , olive oil , salad
oil , and regular salt . mix 3 cups of the flour and whip until the
dough begins to leave the sides of the mixing bowl , about 10 minutes .

mix in remaining flour by hand or with a dough hook and knead the
dough until it is smooth . allow the dough to rise twice , right in
the bowl , and punch down after each rising .

either freeze at this point or roll out into two pizza rounds . put on
pizza tray and rub with garlic . add toppings and bake at 450 degrees
for 10-15 minutes . check to see when done .

from the frugal gourmet

yield : 2 loaves




fermented fruit starter

breads

1 ( 20-oz ) can sliced peaches , chopped
7 1/2 cup sugar , divided use
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 ( 20-oz ) can crushed pineapple
1 ( 10-oz ) jar maraschino cherries
1 ( 29-oz ) can fruit cocktail , cut up

from : lisa dozier

stir together peaches , 2 1/2 cups sugar and yeast in a one gallon
glass or cockery jar with a loose-fitting lid . stir daily for 10
days . on the 10 th day , add pineapple and 2 1/2 cups sugar . stir
daily for 10 days . add cherries , fruit cocktail and remaining sugar
and stir daily for 10 more days . drain fruit reserving liquid for
next batch . makes enough fruit for 4 cakes . ( to make more starter ,
use 1 1/2 cups starter juice instead of yeast with peaches and sugar . )

fermented fruit friendship cake

1 ( 2-layer size ) package yellow cake mix ( without pudding ) 1
( 4-serving size ) box vanilla , lemon or pistachio instant pudding 4
eggs 2/3 cup oil 2 tsp orange extract 1 1/2 cups fruit from fermented
fruit starter 1 cup chopped nuts 1 cup golden raisins

preheat oven to 350 degrees . combine cake and pudding mixes , eggs ,
oil and orange extract in a large bowl . add fruit , nuts and raisins ,
and mix thoroughly . pour into a greased , floured tube pan and bake 1
hour . let cool 15 minutes before removing from the pan . makes 12 to
16 servings . source : houston chronicle

yield : 4 servings




heart healthy oat muffins

breads , diabetic

2 cup oat bran
1/4 cup brown sugar ; firmly packed
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt or substitute ( opt )
1 teaspoon nutmeg ; heaping ( opt )
1/2 cup skim or 1 % milk
2 egg whites ; slightly beaten
1/4 cup honey
2 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil
1/2 teaspoon vanilla

heat oven to 425 degrees . coat muffin pan with cooking spray or line
with paper baking cups . combine oat bran , brown sugar , baking powder
and salt and nutmeg . add milk , egg whites , honey and oil . stir in
vanilla . do not over mix . bake 15-20 minutes , until lightly browned .
variations : add 1/2 c raisins , a mashed banana , 1/2 c blueberries or
raspberries or a chopped apple tossed with 1 teaspoon cinnamon .

nutritional info per serving : 105 cal ; 4g pro , 21g carb , 3g fat ( 23 % )
exchanges : 1 bread , .1 meat , .5 fat

source : miami herald 3/21/96

formatted 3/24/96 by lisa crawford

yield : 12 muffins




banana bread # 2

breads

1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel ( optional )
1/4 cup ground almonds ( optional )
1/2 cup butter or margarine
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup mashed banana ( 4 medium bananas )

1 . preheat oven to 350 f. grease 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . 2 . sift
flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , ginger , allspice and
nutmeg together in bowl . add lemon peel and almonds . stir until
combined . set aside . 3 . beat butter in large mixing bowl until soft
amd creamy . beat in sugar until light and fluffy . add eggs and beat
until thoroughly blended . beat in flour mixture alternately with
bananas until mixture is well blended . pour into prepared pan . 4 .
bake in center of oven 1 hour to 1 hour 5 minutes , or until toothpick
inserted in center comes out clean . 5 . cool in pan on wire rack 10
minutes . invert from pan and cool completely on rack . variation :
banana-walnut or -pecan bread : omit almonds . add 3/4 cup coarsely
chopped walnuts or pecans with bananas .

yield : 1 loaf




bacon~ cheese~ & tomato sandwiches

breads , vegetables

3 each slices bacon
3 each slices rye bread , toasted
2 tablespoon mayo . or salad dressing
1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1 each large tomato , sliced
3 each slices swiss cheese

place bacon on microwave rack in glass dish . cover loosely and
microwave until crisp , 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 minutes . spread toast with
mayonnaise ; sprinkle with dill . place toast slices on serving plate ;
top with tomato and cheese slices . crumble bacon and sprinkle over
top . microwave uncovered on high ( 100 % ) until cheese begins to melt ,
1 to 1 1/2 minutes .

yield : 3 servings




sour cream lemon muffins

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup butter , melted
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
1 cup chopped pecans
1/2 cup milk
1 egg beaten

in a large bowl combine all the dry ingredients but the 1 t sugar . in
a small bowl combine the wets . stir til moistened . spoon into muffin
cups- sprinkle remaining sugar on tops . bake at 400 for 20-25 min .
makes 12 .

yield : 1 servings




biga ( universal starter )

breads , italian

1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
3/4 cup water ; room temperature
1 tablespoon water ; room temperature
1 teaspoon water ; room temperature
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour

recipe by : carol field - the italian baker stir the yeast into the
warm water and let stand until creamy , about 10 minutes . stir in the
remaining water and then the flour , 1 cup at a time .

mix with a wooden spoon for about 3 to 4 minutes .

remove to a lightly oiled bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and let rise
at a cool room temperature for 6 to 24 hours . the starter will triple
in volume and still be wet and sticky when ready . cover and
refrigerate until ready to use . when needed , scoop out desired
amount .

yield : 1 servings




honey & lemon balm tea biscuits

breads , herbs

1 cup butter
1 cup honey
3 eggs
3 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon milk
2 teaspoon lemon juice or- lemon flavoring
4 sprigs fresh lemon balm - chopped

thoroughly cream the butter and honey . add eggs and beat well . add
the dry ingredients , then the milk , flavoring , and lemon balm . drop
by spoonfuls on an ungreased baking sheet and bake 8 to 10 minutes at
375 f .

yield : 1 servings




crispy breadsticks

breads

1 cup quick mix ( msg # 120121 )
1/4 cup cornmeal or all-purp flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup milk or water
1 sesame or poppy seeds , if
1 desired

preheat oven to 400f ( 205c ) . lightly grease baking sheet . in a medium
bowl , combine quick mix , cornmeal or flour , and salt . add milk or
water to form dough . knead about 12 times , until dough is smooth .
shape into pencil-like strands 1/2 inch thick . cut into 8- to
10-inch lengths . roll in sesame or poppy seeds , if desired . bake
about 20 minutes , until brown and crisp . for extra crispness , turn
off oven and leave breadsticks in oven 5 to 10 more minutes .

taken from `` the complete make-a-mix cookbook '' by karine eliason ,
nevada harward , and madeline westover

yield : 6 breadstick




monkey bread ( friendship bread )

breads

4 can ballard biscuits ; cut in 4ths
3/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
-- -- glaze -- --
1 cup sugar
3/4 cup butter
2 tablespoon cinnamon

toss the quartered biscuits in sugar/cinnamon mix and drop each into a
greased bundt pan . use about half of the pieces . mix glaze
ingredients , bring to low boil . pour over pieces in pan . add the
remaining sugared biscuits and cover with rest of glaze . bake at 350
degrees for 45 to 50 minutes . cool for 5 to 10 minutes . turn out on
plate and enjoy .

lorna brown , prodigy food & wine board

yield : 1 servings




fancy biscuits

breads

1 1/4 oz pkg . active dry yeast
2 tablespoon warm water ( 110 degrees
5 cup all-purpose or ww flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
3 tablespoon sugar
1 cup softened butter or veg . oil
2 cup buttermillk

dissolve yeast in warm water and set aside . in a large bowl , combine
flour , salt , soda and sugar . cut in butter or stir in oil . make a
well in center , and add buttermilk and yeast , incorporating them
gradually into dough with a wooden spoon . batter will be sticky ,
refrigerate dough in tightly closed plastic bag or bowl until ready
to use . do not allow dough to rise .
preheat oven to 450~ . knead dough , adding enough flour to keep it
from sticking when it is rolled out . roll to 1/2-inch thickness and
cut into desired shape . bake on a greased pan 10 minutes . makes a
large batch of more than 3 dozen . tested recipe reprinted from the
houston chronicle . contributed by vickie huckabay .

posted by kay crowley , boomerville usa * houston tx * 713-370-1448

yield : 36 biscuits




oatmeal muffins ( crouse )

breads

2 cup oatmeal
1 1/2 cup sour milk
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon shortening
1 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda

soak oatmeal in sour milk overnight . in morning add the other
ingredients . chopped dates or raisins may be added . bake 25 minutes .
makes 14 muffins .

note : assume hot oven 400 - 450 f .

source : mrs. vernon e. crouse , north lima grange , mahoning county , oh

yield : 1 servings




spicy cake buns

breads , desserts

2 1/2 cup unsifted all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
1 large egg
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup raisins
3 tablespoon granulated sugar for the top

adjust the oven rack to the lower third of the oven . preheat the oven
to 375f . grease and flour a large baking sheet .

sift the dry ingredients ( except the brown sugar ) into a large bowl .
add the brown sugar , shortening , egg , and buttermilk and beat with an
electric mixer until the batter is blended and smooth , about 1 to 2
minutes . stir in raisins .

drop the batter by the heaping tablespoonful onto the prepared baking
sheet . sprinkle each mound with 1/2 tsp . sugar .

bake about 15 minutes , or until the buns are golden brown .

serve warm or at room temperature . yield 18 typed in mmformat by
cjhartlin @ msn.com source : cookbook digest march/april 98

yield : 18 servings




churek / flat armenian bread with sesame seed

breads , dumplings

1 pkg dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 1/4 cup water -- lukewarm
6 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 lb unsalted butter -- melted
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon white sesame seeds

sprinkle the yeast and 1 teaspoon of the sugar into 1/2 cup of
lukewarm ( 110-115f ) water in a small , shallow bowl . let stand for 2
or 3 minutes , then stir to dissolve the yeast completely . set the
bowl aside in a warm , draft-free spot ( such as an unlighted oven ) for
about 5 to 10 minutes , or until the mixture almost doubles in volume .

pour the flour into a large mixing bowl and make a well in the
center . pour in the yeast mixture , remaining water , remaining sugar
and salt . with a large spoon beat the flour into the liquid
ingredients , continuing to beat for as long as 10 minutes , or until a
soft , spongy dough is formed . cover loosely with a kitchen towel and
set aside in the warm , draft-free spot until the mixture doubles in
volume .

preheat the oven to 350f . place the dough on a lightly floured
surface and divide it into 10 equal parts . roll each part out as
thinly as possible into circles , then place 2 or 3 circles on a
cookie sheet . sprinkle lightly with cold water and a few sesame seeds
and set the cookie sheet on the floor of the oven . bake for 20
minutes , or until the bread is a pale golden brown . transfer the
breads with a wide spatula to a wire cake rack and bake the remaining
rounds similarly . the bread will keep several days at room
temperature if wrapped securely in foil .

recipe by : time-life foods of the world russian cooking

yield : 10 servings




mushroom~ anchovy & rosemary focaccia

breads

1 tablespoon olive oil
1 medium portobello mushroom
1 plain focaccia or
1 pizza crust
6 anchovy strips
1/4 teaspoon fresh shredded mozzarella
1 or provolone cheese

heat oil in medium skillet . cut mushroom into 1/4-inch-thick slices .
saute in hot oil until lightly browned , about 5 minutes . place on
focaccia . arrange anchovy strips on top . sprinkle with rosemary .
sprinkle on cheese . place on baking sheet . bake at 400 degrees until
cheese melts and bread is hot , 6 to
10 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 2 servings




herman starter *

breads

-- -- i.e.s.jjgf65a -- --
-- -- philly.inquirer -- --
2 tablespoon or 2 envelopes active dry
1 yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 cup sugar
2 cup all purpose white flour
2 cup milk ( see note )

day,1 : sprinkle yeast over warm water.add 1 tablespoon of the sugar
and let stand a few minutes until yeast is active and swelling.combine
remaining sugar , flour and milk in a 4 t0 6 quart glass , plastic or
pottery bowl or container . ( do not use metal bowls or utensils as
these may retard starter growth . ) with a wooden spoon , stir in active
yeast mixture.cover loosely with a towel so herman can breathe.let
stand in a warm draft free place overnight .
days,2,3 , and 4 : stir daily with a wooden spoon.keep covered.keep
cool .
day,5 : stir in 1/2 cup sugar,1 cup milk and 1 cup flour.let stand 24
hours .
days,6,7,8 , and 9 : stir daily with a wooden spoon .
day,10 : repeat day 5 , stirring in 1/2 cup sugar,1 cup milk and 1 cup
flour .
this gives you enough starter to use freely in recipes and/or give
away . herman may be replenished as needed but can go no more than 5
days at room temperature between feedings.after feeding , wait 24 hours
before using the renewed starter .
daily stirring helps keep yeast mold from forming .
most directions specify that herman not be refrigerated since cooler
temperatures slow the growth and `` souring '' of the starter.it
is , however , a safer course for busy cooks with fast growing
startersherman also is freezer-friendly and may be kept on ice
between baking impulses if you get board .
note : if desired , substitute butter-milk for milk in starter for more
flavor and less fat.if more starter is needed , additions may be
doubled when 2 or more cups of starter are used ... ..

an aside : : : marilyn marter is a food columnist for the
philly.inquirer ... ..irwin e .

yield : 1 servings




sour cream brittlebread

appetizers , breads , cajun

2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup butter
1 cup sour cream
2 tablespoon creole seasoning
2 tablespoon kosher salt for sprinkling

preheat the oven to 400f . sift together the flour , sugar , salt , and
baking soda into a bowl or food processor . cut in the butter . add the
sour cream and creole seasoning ( see recipe for creole seasoning ) ,
and mix to a soft dough . roll out paper-thin on a floured board . cut
into 1-1/2 inch squares . sprinkle with kosher salt and place on an
ungreased baking sheet . bake for 5-8 minutes . turn off the heat and
allow the bread to crisp in the oven . nathalie dupree describes this
recipe in her book `` new southern cooking '' this way ; `` this crisp ,
cracker-like bread is good just flavored with salt and sour cream .
but add creole seasoning and you 'll have a hot and spicy appetizer
that will leave your guests begging for the recipe . it 's nice to keep
a big airtight cookie jar full of these for snacking . ''

yield : 10 servings




oliver 's cornmeal tea biscuits

biscuits , restaurant , cornmeal , tea biscuit

2 2/3 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup cake and pastry flour
1 1/2 cup cornmeal
2/3 cup granulated sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
3 eggs , slightly beaten
3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup water

1 . blend dry ingredients in a large bowl . cut in shortening with a pastry
blender until mixture is the texture of coarse meal .

2 . blend eggs , milk and water . stir into dry ingredients and combine until
moistened and a soft dough forms .

3 . turn dough out on a heavily floured surface . pat or roll to a 1-inch
thickness . cut into 3 1/2 to 4-inch rounds .

4 . transfer to lightly greased baking sheets and bake in a 375 oven for 15
to 20 minutes or until done . makes 2 dozen biscuits . from : pastry chef ian
gallacher
oliver 's restaurant
2433 yonge st. ,
toronto canada

source : starweek magazine
toronto star may 28 94

richard sienkiewicz genie r.sienkiewic

~end recipe export-

yield : 24 biscuits




homemade croutons - melinda lee

breads

6 slice day old bread of choice
2 tablespoon butter
1 dried thyme
1 fresh minced garlic
1 lemon juice
1 fresh chopped parsley

trim the crusts from the number of slices of day old bread that you
will need for the meal . cut the bread into cubes , the size you want .
melt butter in a skillet and cook the garlic until tender . add the
dried thyme and lemon juice . the amounts of each are to taste . add
fresh chopped parsley for garnish . dip the bread cubes in the butter
mixture and place the cubes on a flat cookie sheet . place in a
preheated 300f oven and allow to dry out for 10 minutes on each
side , turning once . store in an air tight container until ready to
use . for a variation try adding a little cayenne pepper for a spicy
version . from : melinda lee ; knx food news hour , knx 1070 radio , los
angeles .

yield : 1 servings




carrot nut bread

breads

1 cup sugar
1/2 cup oil
1 1/2 cup grated carrots ***
1/4 cup nuts
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt

*** substitute mashed bananas for a moist banana bread .

preheat oven to 350 . mix sugar and oil . add eggs and vanilla . mix dry
ingredients . add to sugar mixture . stir in carrots and nuts . bake 1
hour .

yield : 1 servings




jim 's yorkshire pudding

breads , beef , puddings , english

1 3/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk ; at room temp .
4 eggs ; at room temp .
1 cup water ; at room temp .
1 beef drippings or melted suet for t ; he pan .

many yorkshire pudding recipes in american cook books call for butter
and all milk/no water ; that 's a pop-over or something not a real
yorkshire pud . this pudding needs no butter or fat in the batter as
there is plenty of beef fat in the pan for flavor . the ingredients
are so simple that the final product is a real surprise to first time
cooks 'cause it 's so good ! it used to be the custom in england to
cook the pudding in a tray under the roast and catch all the
drippings . you get a tastier result from making small puddings in
muffin trays in a hot oven after the roast is out as they puff up
more and brown nicely .

in olden days it was served before the roast which would be served
with gravy covered potatoes and bread to stretch out the meat .
today 's diet conscious hosts would usually serve the puddings with
the roast instead of potatoes and bread .

n.b . the ingredients must be at room temp when mixed to maximize the
puffing effect .

preheat the oven to 400 f

in a bowl , stir together the flour and salt . make a well in the
centre and pour in the milk . stir . in another bowl beat the eggs
until fluffy and then add the water . beat this mixture into the
batter until large bubbles form . [ let stand up to an hour if you need
to finish the roast . ]

heat the muffin tins in the oven . pour beef drippings or melted suet
into each muffin hole to a depth of 1/4 '' . it should be hot enough to
sizzle but not smoke . pour in the batter about 5/8 '' to 3/4 '' deep .
bake at 400 f for about 20 minutes ; reduce heat to 350 f and bake
another 10 to 15 minutes . serve at once with the roast , gravy , and
hot mustard or horseradish .

jim weller

yield : 12 servings




millet oatmeal bread

breads

1/3 cup millet
1 cup water
1 pinch salt
4 teaspoon dry yeast
1/2 cup sucanat*
2 1/2 cup warm water
3 3/4 cup wholewheat flour
1 1/4 cup gluten flour
1 3/4 cup rolled oats
2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon sunflower seeds
2 tablespoon oil

wash millet , put in a saucepan with 1 c of water & pinch of salt ,
cover & cook over medium heat until the water is absorbed & millet is
soft . add a little more water if millet needs more cooking .

dissolve yeast & sucanat in about 1 1/4 c warm water . let stand till
foamy .

in a large bowl , mix together the flours , oats , salt & sunflower
seeds . add oil , warm millet , yeast & remaining warm water . mix into a
stiff dough . if too stiff , add more water , or add more water if too
sticky . the dough should be light & spongy . knead vigorously for 10
minutes .

divide dough into 2 equal portions . lightly oil loaf pans , roll our
dough & place in pans . lightly brush the tops of the loaves with oil
& let rise in warm place for 30 minutes . bake at 375f for about 30
minutes or until lightly browned . lightly oil the crust to tenderize .

ron pickarski , `` friendly foods ''

yield : 1 servings




sunrise popovers

breads , cheese , quick bread

4 tablespoon vegetable shortening
1 1/3 cup unbleached flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup milk
2/3 cup water
4 each eggs ; lg
1/2 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded

preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. place eight 6-oz custard cups on a
large baking sheet . spoon 1 1/2 tsp of shortening into the bottom of
each custard cup and set aside . combine the flour and salt in a
large bowl , then gradually stir in the milk and water until well
blended . beat in the eggs , 1 at a time , beating until smooth after
each addition . fold in the cheddar cheese . place the baking sheet
with the custard cups in the preheated oven for 3 to 5 minutes until
the shortening melts and the custard cups are hot . fill the custard
cups 1/2 to 2/3rds full with the batter . bake for 45 minutes in the
preheated oven , without opening the oven door until the popovers rise
and turn golden brown . if not golden brown after 45 minutes , bake
for an additional 5 minutes . serve piping hot .

yield : 8 servings




onion-fennel flatbreads

breads , bakery

1/4 cup olive oil , plus ...
2 teaspoon olive oil , room temp .
1 1/2 cup finely chopped onion
1 cup warm water
1 pkg quick-rising yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon fennel seeds
3 cup ( about ) all-purpose flour

saute onions in olive oil over medium-low heat . when onions are
tender , transfer to bowl of electric mixer fitted with dough hook .

add 1 cup of warm water to onion . blend in yeast , sugar and salt .
crush 2 teaspoons fennel seeds using a mortar and pestle ; add to
onion mixture . gradually mix in flour until you have a dough of
medium-soft consistency . turn out dough onto floured surface and
knead until smooth and elastic , about 4 minutes . cover dough and let
rest for 20 minutes .

grease a heavy baking sheet . divide dough into 4 equal pieces and
roll each piece into a ball . flatten balls of dough to 3/4 ''
thickness and place on greased baking sheet . rub surface of each
bread with remaining butter or oil and lightly sprinkle with
remaining whole fennel seeds , pressing slightly to make seeds stick .
cover and let rise for 30 minutes .

preheat oven to 425f . bake breads until golden brown , about 25
minutes .

adapted by karen mintzias , from a recipe in `` bon appetit '' ( april
1995 ) .

yield : 4 breads




plains special spoon bread

breads

1 tablespoon butter
1 cup cornmeal , white , stone-ground
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
2 cup water , boiling
1 cup milk , at room temperature
3 eggs
3 tablespoon butter , melted
1 teaspoon baking powder

1 . place the 1 tablespoon butter in a 2- or 2-1/2-quart nonmetal deep
baking dish and place dish in oven . set oven temperature to 400'f .

2 . in a saucepan combine cornmeal , salt , sugar , and boiling water .
cook , stirring over low heat , until thick and smooth . remove from
heat and slowly add milk , stirring . add eggs one at a time , beating
well after each addition . stir in melted butter and baking powder and
beat until batter is well blended .

3 . remove heated baking dish from oven and rotate to distribute butter
evenly over bottom and sides . pour in batter and bake in preheated
oven until firm , about 45 minutes .

4 . serve hot from the baking dish .

yield : 8 servings




olive & rosemary flat bread

breads

1 stephen ceideburg
1/2 cup brown rice flour ( see note )
1 1/2 teaspoon granular yeast
2 teaspoon sugar
1 1/4 cup warm water ( 110 degrees f . )
4 large egg whites , at room temperature
1 tablespoon olive oil
12 oil-cured black olives , pitted and ; roughly chopped
4 teaspoon dried rosemary , or to taste
1 egg yolk mixed with 1/2 teaspoon wa ; ter
1 large garlic clove , peeled , cut in 3 piec ; es
1/2 cup corn flour ( see note )
1/2 cup cornstarch
2 teaspoon xanthan gum powder
1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons salt

stir together 1/2 cup of the rice flour , the yeast , sugar and 1/2 cup
of the warm water in a 2-cup glass measure . let rest in a warm place
until doubled in volume , about 10 minutes .

line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and draw two 8 inch
circles on it ( use a cake pan as a guide ) .

beat egg whites lightly , add olive oil , chopped olives and 2
teaspoons of the rosemary ; set aside .

combine garlic and egg yolk ; set aside . ( garlic will perfume the
glaze but wo n't burn in the oven , as chopped garlic would . )

combine remaining 1 cup rice flour , the corn flour , corn- starch ,
xanthan gum powder and salt in bowl .

add remaining 3/4 cup warm water to egg white-olive mixture a stir
into flour . stir in yeast mixture and beat until smooth .

using a rubber spatula , spread soft dough into 8-inch circles marked
on the parchment paper heaping it up slightly in the middle . cover
loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap and let rise until doubled
in bulk , about 1 hour .

preheat oven to 425 degrees f .

discard garlic and brush egg glaze over loaves . sprinkle tops with
remaining 2 teaspoons rosemary . using a razor blade , slash tops of
loaves into a large diamond grid pattern . ( use an up-and-down cutting
motion rather than dragging the blade through the soft dough . )

bake for 20 minutes , until well browned .

makes two 8-inch diameter , 11-ounce loaves .

note : brown rice flour and corn flour may be found in some health food
stores and rainbow groceries .

per serving ( 1/8 of a loaf ) : 115 calories , 3 g protein , 18 g
carbohydrate , 3 fat ( 2 g saturated ) , 13 mg cholesterol , 344 mg
sodium , 0 g fiber ,

from an article by jacqueline mallorca in the san francisco chronicle ,
8/18/93 .

yield : 8 servings




cheese filling for danish pastry

breads

2 lb baker 's or pot cheese
3 eggs
4 oz raisins ( optional )
8 oz sugar
1 tablespoon grated lemon zest

1 . rub the cheese through a sieve . 2 . using the paddle attachment ,
cream the cheese and sugar until smooth . add eggs and lemon zest and
mix in . 3 . if desired , add in the raisins .

yield : 3 lb .

yield : 12 servings




russian honey & dried fruit bread

breads

2/3 cup honey
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon each : ground cloves , ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup margarine , softened
2 eggs , separated
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup raisins
1/4 cup chopped pitted dates
1/4 cup chopped apricots
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1 3/4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat the oven to 325 deg .

in a small saucepan , heat the honey , bringing it just to the boiling
point . remove from heat and stir in the spices and baking soda .

in a mixing bowl , cream the margarine and stir in the egg yolks , one
at a time . beat in the buttermilk until smooth . add the honey mixture
and mix in thoroughly , then stir in the dried fruit and nuts .

in a large mixing bowl , combine the flour , baking powder and salt .
make a well in the center and pour in the honey mixture . stir
together vigorously until thoroughly combined . beat the egg whites
until stiff , then fold inot the batter . pour into an oiled 9 by 5 by
3 inch loaf pan . bake for 55 minutes , or until a knife inserted into
the center test clean . cool on a rack , then cover tightly with foil
to store .

makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 servings




crumpets & muffins ( english )

breads

1 quart water
2 oz yeast
1/2 lb potatoes
1/2 oz salt
1 flour

muffins : wash , peel & boil the potatoes , rub through a colander , add
the water ( just warm enough to bear the hand in it without
discomfort ) ; then dissolve the yeast & salt in it , & stir in
sufficient flour to make a moist paste . beat it well in a deep bowl &
then clear off the paste from the hands ; cover over with a clean
cloth & leave it to rise in a warm place . when it has well risen , &
is light & spongy , turn it out on the table , dredge over with flour ,
& then divide it off into pieces about 3 oz in weight , roll them up
into round shapes , & set them on a wooden tray , well dusted with
flour to prove . when light enough , see that the hot plate is hot , &
then carefully transfer the muffins from the tray , one at a time ,
using a thin tin slice for the purpose , taking particular care not to
knock out the proof or the muffins will be spoilt . when they have
been properly cooked on one side , turn over with the slice & cook the
other side . when the muffins are done , brush off the flour , & lay
them on a clean clothe or sieve to cool . to toast them , divide the
edge of the muffin all round by pulling it open to the depth of about
1 inch with the fingers . put it on a toasting fork & hold it before a
clear fire till one side is nicely browned , but not burnt ; turn , &
toast it on the other . do not toast them too quickly , otherwise the
middle of the muffin will not be warmed through . when done , divide
them by pulling them open ; butter them slighlty on both sides , put
them together again , & cut them into halves . pile on a hot dish &
send quickly to table . time : 25 to 30 minutes to bake . sufficient for
about 2 dozen muffins . crumpets : proceed exactly the same as directed
for muffins ( above ) , but stir in only half the quantity of flour used
for them , so that the mixture is more of a batter than a sponge .
cover over , & leave for 1/2 an hour . at the end of that time take a
large wooden spoon & well beat up the batter , leave in the spoon ,
cover over , & leave for another 1/2 an hour . then give the batter
another good beat up . this process must be repeated 3 times with the
intervals . when completed , see that the hot plate is quite hot , lay
out some crumpet rings rubbed over inside with a little clean lard on
a baking tin , & pour in sufficient of the batter to make the
crumpets . when cooked on one side , turn over with a palette-knife , &
when done take off on to a clean cloth to cool . muffins & crumpets
should always be served on separate dishes , & both toasted & served
as quickly as possible . time : about 20 minutes to cook . sufficient
for about 2 dozen crumpets .

yield : 6 servings




hot cross buns

breads

-- -- buns -- --
2/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
5 cup flour , more or less
1 1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup butter or margarine
2 eggs
1 cup seedless raisins
-- -- icing -- --
3/4 cup powdered sugar
1 tablespoon milk

1 . in a large bowl , combine sugar , salt , yeast and 1
1/2 cups flour . in 1 quart saucepan over low heat ,
heat milk and butter or margarine until very warm ( 120
to 130~ ) . with mixer at low speed , beat liquid into
dry ingredients until blended . increase speed to
medium ; beat 2 minutes . beat in 1 egg and 1 cup flour
to make a thick batter ; continue beating 2 minutes ,
scraping bowl often . stir in raisins and enough
additional flour ( about 2 to 2 1/2 cups ) to make a
soft dough .

2 . turn dough onto floured surface and knead until
smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes , adding more
flour while kneading . shape dough into a ball , and
place in greased bowl , turning dough over so that top
is greased . cover and let rise in a warm place ( 85~ ) ,
free from drafts , 1 hour or until doubled in bulk .

3 . punch down dough ; turn onto floured surface ; divide
into 15 equal pieces ; cover with bowl and let rest 15
minutes . grease a 13x9 inch baking pan .

4 . shape dough into balls ; place in baking pan . cover ;
let rise until doubled , about 1 hour .

5 . preheat oven to 350~ . in a small bowl , beat
remaining egg . cut a cross in each bun and brush tops
with egg . bake 25 minutes or until buns are golden .

6 . remove pan from oven to wire rack and cool 15
minutes . mix powdered sugar and milk to make icing .
spoon into decorating bag with medium writing tip .
fill cross in each bun with icing .

posted on genie by : g.sturn [ bethie ]

yield : 15 servings




homemade wonton wrappers

breads , asian , philippino

2 eggs
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon to 4 tbs . water

make a well in flour , drop in eggs and 2 tbsps . water ( add more water
if necessary ) . knead until dough is smooth and elastic . roll out on
floured board till paper thin . cut into 3 x 3 '' squares . use in
recipes that call for wws .

yield : 4 servings




quick & easy pumpkin bread

breads , vegetables

1 loaf ( doubling yields one loaf and ; a dozen muffins )
1 1/2 cup sugar
1 2/3 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup water
1 cup mashed pumpkin
2 eggs
1/2 cup nuts , optional

sift dry ingredients together . stir in remaining ingredients . pour
batter into buttered and floured loaf pan . bake 1 hour at 350 .

yield : 6 servings




cinnamon biscuits

breads , sourdough

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 cup shortening
1/2 cup raisins
1 cup sourdough starter
2 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted

grease a 12x7 1/2 '' baking pan . set aside . preheat oven to 425f . in a
large bowl , stir together flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt ,
brown sugar , cinnamon and nutmeg . use a pastry blender or 2 table
knives to cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs .
add raisins and sourdough starter . stir until blended . turn out onto
a lightly floured surface . knead dough about 30 seconds . roll out
dough 1/2 '' thick . cut biscuits with a 2 to 2 1/2 '' biscuit cutter .
arrange in prepared baking pan with sides of biscuits touching . brush
tops of biscuits with melted butter or margarine . bake in preheated
oven 12 to 15 or until tops are golden brown . remove from pan . serve
hot . makes 20 to 22 biscuits .

yield : 20 servings




whole grain batter bread

breads , yeast

1 1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg active yeast
1/4 cup honey or syrup
2 tablespoon unrefined vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
2 egg whites ; beaten lightly
2 cup am whole wheat flour
1 cup am oat bran
1/2 cup chopped nuts ( optional )

sprinkle yeast on top of water . let set a minute and then stir to
dissolve . add honey , oil , salt , egg whites . stir in flour and beat 1
or 2 minutes by hand to develop gluten . stir in bran and nuts . spoon
into well-oiled 9 '' x 15 '' loaf pan . set in warm place . let rise
until doubled in size . bake in preheated 375 f. oven for 25 to 35
minutes or until done . cool before cutting . loaf will be flat on top
because of the oat bran .

source : arrowhead mills `` oat bran recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




grape nut bread

breads , breakfast

1 cup grape nuts
2 cup buttermilk
2 cup sugar
2 eggs
3 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder

soak grapenuts in buttermilk for 10 minutes . beat sugar and eggs
together in a large bowl . add milk/grapenuts mixture . sift flour ,
salt , soda , and powder together , and stir thoroughly into the grape
nuts mixture . pour into 2 greased and floured 9 x 5 inch loaf pans
and bake at 350f for 45 minutes , or until toothpick comes out clean .
makes 20 servings .

nutritional info per serving : 190 calories ; 4 gm protein ; 42 gm
carbohydrates ; 1 gm fat ; .4 gm fiber ; 22 mg cholesterol ; 199 mg
sodium . exchanges : .1 milk , 2.7 bread , .1 meat , .1 fat

source : watertown daily times typed in mm format by linda fields ,
cyberealm bbs and home of kook-net watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 2 servings




evedine 's banana nut bread

breads , fruits

1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup shortening
3 bananas ; mashed ( 1 1/4 cups )
2 eggs
1 1/4 cup walnuts
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup sour ; or buttermilk

cream together sugar , shortening , eggs and flour . add soda and
buttermilk . mix in salt and baking powder ( add 1 drop lemon extract
if desired ) add mashed bananas and fold in nuts and vanilla . bake
about 35 minutes at 350 degrees in greased and floured or papered
pan . this recipe won my friend first prize for quickbreads at the
l.a. county fair , in pomona , ca .

yield : 1 servings




walnut bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup walnuts ( 1 oz ) ; chopped
15/16 cup water ( 7 1/2 fl.oz )
1 teaspoon dry yeast

timer or bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except
liquids and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close
cover and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . press start .

yield : 1 servings




spicy cheese loaf

breads , misc

2 1/4 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon powdered milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1 teaspoon mustard , dry
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 cup cheddar cheese ; shredded
1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce
7/8 cup water
1 teaspoon yeast

bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except liquids
and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close cover
and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . press start .

yield : 1 loaf




spice bread ( irish ) : [ aran spiosrai ]

breads , cakes

10 oz flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon mixed spice *
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
4 oz light brown sugar
2 oz chopped candied peel
6 oz raisins , plain or golden
4 oz butter
6 oz golden syrup **
1 single large egg , beaten
4 tablespoon milk

* equal parts of cinnamon , nutmeg and allspice . ** lyons ' golden
syrup , carried in some fancy groceries . if you ca n't find it , use
karo golden corn syrup .

sift the flour with the soda and baking powder , and the mixed spice
and ginger : then add the brown sugar , chopped peel and raisins : mix .
make a well in the center . melt the butter with the syrup over low
heat , then pour into the well in the mixture . add the beaten egg and
milk and mix very well . pour into a greased 2-lb loaf pan and bake
in a preheated oven at 325 f for 40-50 minutes , or until it tests
done . this bread will keep moist for several days , and actually
improves somewhat during this period .

yield : 8 servings




waffles using pancake & waffle mix ( mm # 23 )

breads

2 eggs
1 1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon unsalted butter , melted
1 bag pancake & waffle mix

preheat waffle iron .

separate eggs , putting whites into small bowl and yolks into mixing
bowl . with rotary beater or whisk , beat the whites until they form
firm peaks . with the same beater beat the yolks until they are well
mixed , then beat in milk and the melted butter .

stir the mix into the liquid ingredients , blending it in just until
the dry ingredients are moistened ( do n't try to make smooth batter ) .
fold in egg whites .

bake the waffles in the preheated iron according to manufacturer 's
directions for heat settings , etc . when no more steam rises from
edges of iron , open and check for doneness . bake a little longer if
it is n't done to suit you .

if waffles are to be frozen for future reheating in toaster , bake only
until light gold . cool on racks and wrap airtight for freezer
storage .

yield : 5 servings




crusty corn flat bread

breads

1 cup brown rice flour + additional for d ; usting loaves
1 1/2 teaspoon granulated yeast
2 tesapoons sugar
1 1/2 cup warm water ( 110f )
1 cup corn flour
1/2 cup cornstarch
2 teaspoon xantham gum powder
1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 large eggs , at room temperature
1 tablespoon corn oil

here 's a couple of off beat bread recipes i thought might interest
you . this and the following recipe are wheat free breads .

combine 1/2 cup of the rice flour , the yeast , sugar and 1/2 cup of
the warm water in a 2-cup glass measure ; stir to combine , then let
rest in a warm place until doubled in volume , about 10 minutes .

line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and draw two 8-inch
circles on it .

combine remaining 1/2 cup rice flour , corn flour , cornstarch , xanthan
gum powder and salt in a large bowl ; mix to blend .

beat eggs lightly ; set aside 1 tablespoon for brushing tops of
loaves . add remaining 1 cup warm water and the corn oil to beaten
eggs . using a wooden spoon , stir egg and yeast mixtures into flour
and beat until smooth . using a rubber spatula , spread soft dough into
circles on marked parchment paper , heaping it up slightly in the
center .

cover loaves lightly with greased plastic wrap and let rise until
doubled in bulk , about 1 hour .

preheat oven to 425f .

beat a few drops of water into the reserved beaten egg and brush over
loaves . dust lightly with rice flour . using a razor blade , slash
tops of loaves into a large diamond grid pattern . ( use an up-and-down
cutting motion rather than dragging the blade through the soft dough . )

bake for 20 minutes , until well browned .

makes two 8-inch diameter , 11-ounce loaves .

per serving ( 1/8 of a loaf ) : 90 calories , 3 g protein , 16 g
carbohydrate , 2 g fat ( 0 g saturated ) , 26 mg cholesterol , 142 mg
sodium , 1 g fiber .

from an article by jacqueline mallorca in the san francisco chronicle ,
8/18/93 .

posted by stephen ceideberg ; august 19 1993 .

yield : 1 servings




petite babas

breads , cakes , christmas

2 cup unsifted flour ( about )
1/4 cup sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup margarine
3 medium eggs ( room temperature )
1 rum syrup
1 sweetened whipped cream
1 sliced almonds
-- -- rum syrup -- --
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup rum
1/2 cup water

combine 2/3 cup flour , sugar and yeast . heat milk and margarine until
very warm ( 120 - 130 f ) . add to dry ingredients and beat 2 minutes .
stir in more flour to make a stiff batter . cover ; let rise until
doubled - about 1 hour . stir down . spoon evenly into 12 greased 3x1
1/2 inch muffin pans . let rise , just until batter reaches top of
cups , about 25 minutes . bake at 375f about 15 minutes or until done .
before removing from pans , immediately prick cakes with fork . slowly
spoon syrup over cakes . turn out onto wire rack after syrup is
absorbed . serve topped with whipped cream and almonds . rum syrup :
bring 1 cup sugar , 1/2 cup rum and 1/2 cup water to a full boil ,
stirring . remove from heat ; let cool .

yield : 12 servings




salt rising bread ( w/sponge )

breads

2 potatoes , med , peel & grate
3 tablespoon cornmeal
3 tablespoon sugar
3 cup water
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon crisco
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 all purpose flour ( enough )

sponge : put potatoes , cornmeal , sugar , salt and boiling water in 1/2
gal glass jar and stir . set , uncovered , in warm spot overnight . next
day , strain off foam , keep the liquid and discard the rest .

bread : bring milk to a simmer and add crisco , baking powder and soda .
blend in sponge . put in large bowl , add enough flour to make a stiff
batter which is still pliant enough to beat . set in a warm place to
rise to double . add a little more flour to make dough stiff enough to
shape into 3 loaves and let double . bake at
350 for about an hour .

yield : 60 servings




red lobster biscuits

breads

2 cup bisquick
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup grated cheddar cheese
1/4 cup butter ; melted
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
1 dash italian seasoning ; generous
-- -- you should also be able to m -- -

combine first 3 ingredients . it will be sticky . spoon into 12
well-greased muffin tins . do not use paper liners . combine last 3
ingredients and spread evenly over the raw batter . bake for about
10-15 minutes at
450 until nicely browned . lobster does . we had some the other
evening when we went to red lobster for dinner , and i know how
addictive they are . we had 2 left over in our bread basket ; i took
them home and nibbled on them cold later that night while i played on
the *p board . i have not tried these myself , > > > but when this recipe
was posted , the poster said they taste just like the ones red lobster
makes . good luck with them . i would love to know how they turn out !
jean , your senior cook in pinellas park , near st. pete , fl . 03/13
02:20 am food and wine club topic : busy cook time : 03/13 7:24 am
to : ruth prokop ( gcdj92a ) from : joan cloud ( ssmw41a ) subject : rr -
red lbstr rolls hi ruth : here are two from the red lobster.i asked
this same question just a few weeks ago . so now i can give back ,
enjoy . joni

yield : 12 servings




danish flatbread

breads

1 1/2 cup rolled oats , ground
3/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup buttermilk plus 2 tb
1/4 cup butter , melted

grind oats in blender or food chopper until crumbly . measure all
ingredients into large bowl . mix together well to form stiff dough .
let rest 20 minutes .

divide into 4 equal ball shape pieces . roll on lightly floured
surface as thin as possible . fry on hot greased skillet 350f turning
to cook other side . when brown spots appear , it is ready . ( may be
rolled and cooked in the oven at 350f like crackers about 9 min . )

serve hot or cold buttered with choice of jams or honey . yield 4
sheets

source : company 's coming , muffins & more by jean pare shared by
elizabeth rodier 6/93

yield : 1 servings




popovers

breads , breakfast

6 each egg
2 cup milk
1 3/4 cup flour , unsifted
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup peanut oil

in large bowl , combine eggs and oil , beat slightly . gradually beat in
milk , flour and salt . pour batter into 10 well-oiled custard cups .
place cups on baking sheet . bake in moderate oven 1 hour ( 375 deg ) ,
or until firm and brown . if desired , remove popovers from oven after
45 minutes , cut slit in side of each to let out steam , and return for
last 15 minutes . makes 10 large popovers .

yield : 5 servings




rock buns

breads

2 teaspoon baking powder
8 oz plain flour
1 pinch salt
1 pinch mixed spice
1 pinch grated nutmeg
2 oz currants
4 oz margarine
3 oz sugar
1 oz chopped candied peel
1 each egg

measure baking powder into flour and add the salt . sieve flour into
bowl with spice and nutmeg . clean currants by putting them into
sieve with some flour . rub well , then brush off surplus flour . rub
fat into flour till it resembles fine breadcrumbs . add the sugar ,
dried fruit and candied peel . beat egg in basin and add to dry
ingredients , using the fork . you may need just a drop of milk . mix
all the ingredients very well together . the mixture should be fairly
firm and dry . grease tin . put mixture in small heaps on baking tin
and bake for 15 minutes in a hot oven ( 450f , mark 8 ) .

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat sunflower bread

breads , breadmaker

1 1 pound loaf
1/3 cup old fash rolled oats
5/8 cup buttermilk
1 egg
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup bread flour
2 teaspoon wheat gream
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon applesauce
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 grated rind 1 orange
1/4 cup sunflower seeds
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3 teaspoon yeast

crust light . bake .

yield : 1 servings




lemon raisin bread

breads

1/4 to 1/2 cup warm water
4 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 egg , beaten
1/4 cup blanched whole almonds
1/4 cup mixed candied fruit
1/4 cup dark raisins or currants
2 pieces pared lemon rind , about 1 1/ ; 2 x 1/4-inches
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon butter or margarine , room temperatu ; re
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup powdered sugar
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
2 to 3 tbsp milk

makes 1 loaf

combine 1/4 cup of the water , 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar and
yeast . stir to dissolve yeast and let stand unitl bubbly , about 5
minutes . stir in egg .

fit processor with steel blade . measure almonds , candied fruit and
raisins into work bowl . process on/off 3 or 4 times until mixture is
coarsely chopped . remove from work bowl and reserve .

place remaining granulated sugar and lemon rind in work bowl . process
until rind is minced , 1 to 2 minutes .

add flour , butter and salt to sugar mixture . process until mixed ,
about 5 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle yeast mixture through feed
tube into flour mixture . drizzle just enough of the remaining water
into flour mixture so dough forms a ball that cleans the sides of the
bowl . process until dough turns around the bowl about 25 times . turn
off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and very slowly drizzle in enough remaining water
to make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

sprinkle nut-fruit mixture evenly over dough . process on/off just
until mixed .

turn dough onto large greased cookie sheet . shape into a ball . cover
with inverted bowl or plastic wrap and let stand 20 - 30 minutes .
roll out to an 8-inch circle . cover loosely with plastic wrap and let
stand in warm place until doubled , about 45 minutes .

heat oven to 375 f. uncover loaf and bake until evenly brown , 25 - 30
minutes .

remove bread from cookie sheet and place on wire rack . blend powdered
sugar , vanilla and enough milk to make a smooth mixture thick enough
to spread . spread over bread .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




injera ( `` sour dough '' )

breads

1 3/4 cup unbleached white flour
1/2 cup self rising flour
1/4 cup whole wheat bread flour
1 pkg dry yeast , about 1 tablespoon
2 1/2 cup warm water
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine the flours and yeast in a ceramic or glass bowl . add the warm
water and mix into a fairly thin , smooth batter . let the mixture sit
for three full days at room temperature . stir the mixture once a day .
it will bubble and rise .

when you are ready to make the injera , add the baking soda and salt
and let the batter sit for 10 to 15 minutes .

heat a small , nonstick 9 inch skillet . when a drop of water bounces
on the pan 's surface , take about 1/3 cup of the batter and pour it in
the skillet quickly , all at once . swirl the pan so that the entire
bottom is evenly coated , then return to the heat .

the injera is cooked on only one side and the bottom should not
brown . when the moisture has evaporated and lots of `` eyes '' appear on
the surface , remove the injera . let each injera cool and then stack
them as you go along .

if the first injera is undercooked , try using less of the mixture ,
perhaps 1/4 cup , and maybe cook it just a bit longer . be sure not to
overcook it .
injera should be soft and pliable so that it can be rolled or folded
like a crepe .

yield : 1 servings




lincolnshire plum bread

breads , ethnic

1 lb strong white bread flour
1/4 oz easy-blend yeast
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground allspice
4 tablespoon sugar
1 pinch salt
2 eggs ; lightly beaten
1/4 lb butter ; melted
8 tablespoon milk ; warm
1/2 lb prunes ; cut into sultana-size pi
2 oz currants
2 oz sultanas

using a food-mixer or processor or your hands , mix and knead all the
ingredients except the dried fruits to a smooth and elastic dough .
cover and leave to rise until doubled in size - about 1 hour in a
warm room .

knock back the risen dough and knead again briefly , gradually
working in the dried fruits until evenly distributed . divide the
dough in two , shape and put into two small ( 1 lb ) greased and lined
loaf tins . cover and leave to prove ( rise ) until puffy and light .

bake on a preheated baking sheet at 375 f ( 190 c ) gas mark 5 for
40-50 minutes . take the loaves out of the tins and return them to
the oven for a further 10 minutes or so as necessary - the bread will
sound hollow when tapped on the base if it is properly cooked . makes
2 small loaves .

source : philippa davenport in `` country living '' ( british ) , march 1989 .

yield : 1 servings




injera

breads

6 oz uncooked millet
1 1/2 cup club soda ( at room temperature )
1 egg
1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

in blender container process millet in small batches until it
resembles fine flour ; remove to bowl and set aside . in blender
container combine club soda , egg , baking powder , and baking soda and ,
using an on-off motion , process until combined . add ground millet and
process at high speed into a smooth batter , about 1 minute . pour into
4-cup measure , cover , and let stand at room temperature until
fermented and foamy , about 1 1/2 hours . spray 10-inch nonstick
skillet with nonstick cooking spray and heat . stir batter ; pour 1/6
of batter ( about scant 1/3 cup ) into skillet and quickly swirl batter
so that it covers entire bottom of pan . cover skillet with
tight-fitting lid and cook over high heat until bread is spongy and
moist ( it will have air holes ) , about 1 minute ( do not brown bottom
as edges will become crisp and bread will crack when folded ) ;
transfer to plate and let cool . repeat procedure 5 more times , making
5 more breads . to serve , fold each bread into quarters . makes 6
servings , 1 bread each .

yield : 6 servings




mushroom stuffing

breads , poultry

2 tablespoon oil
1 lb mushrooms , fresh
1 cup onions , chopped
1/2 teaspoon sage leaves
1/4 teaspoon marjoram leaves
20 wheat bread slices
2 eggs

cut mushrooms in quarters . heat oil in skillet . add mushrooms , onion ,
sage , marjoram , and salt and pepper to taste ; cook 10 minutes ,
stirring occasionally , until vegetables are tender . remove from heat .
cube bread and add ; toss well to mix . pour egg over stuffing and
toss . makes 12-14 cups , enough to stuff 14-lb turkey . ( allow 1 cup
stuffing per lb of turkey . )

from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $
71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 10 servings




my scones

breads

2 1/4 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar ( + )
1 egg
1/2 cup milk or more

preheat pan to 375 . sift flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . cut in
shortening . add egg and milk . knead lightly and roll out 1/2 '' thick .
cut in triangle . bake on griddle or electric fry pan about 5 minutes
each side .

yield : 4 servings




mandarin-orange corn bread

breads , low cal

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup yellow corn meal
1/3 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 eggs
1/2 cup melted margarine
1 cup 2 % skim milk
1 teaspoon orange extract
1 can economy mandarin orange
1 slices

grease an 8x8x2 inch pan . mix together well , stirring so that orange
slices preak apart . pour mixture into pan . bake at 425 degrees for 30
minutes , or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean .

serving size : 3 '' square exchanges : 1 starch , 1/2 fat

submitted by dick miale copyright 1993 , steven leichter , md
( endocrinology ) provided by evms ( eastern virgina medical school ) ,
norfolk , va and demonstrated by dr. leichter at the diabetes holiday
food fest , chesapeake general hospital , chesapeake , va .

yield : 1 servings




soft peanut butter cookies

biscuits

1 cup peanut butter
1 cup sugar
1 egg

mix all ingredients and drop by teaspoonful onto ungreased cookie
sheet . press cookies out so that they are not completely flat , but
they should still be slightly balled . bake at 350 for approximately
10 minutes ( watch them ! ) . immediately press with a fork . let cool on
sheet a few minutes before removing .

yield : 1 servings




herb bread

breads

1/4 cup water , warm ( 110 )
1 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
2 cup milk , skim , warm ( 110 )
2 tablespoon butter , melted
2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup cheese , parmesan
1 teaspoon basil
1 teaspoon dill
1 teaspoon thyme

dissolve yeast in warm water . combine milk , butter , cheese , salt and
herbs . do your old fashioned kneading thing with the flour until you
have dough as smooth as a baby 's bottom . let rise until double ( 1
hr ) . shape into two loaves & place in greased pans . let rise until
double ( 30-45 minutes ) . brush with an egg and water mixture .
sprinkle with sesame seeds and more parmesan or asgio cheese . bake
at 375f until brown and hollow sounding . enjoy this rather
unscientific recipe ! ! !
joan hartung

yield : 2 servings




cornbread ( prodigy )

breads

1 cup white flour
1 cup corn flour or fine cornmeal
2 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon melted butter

this batter can also be baked in muffin cups as well as in a loaf pan .
either way , it 's good .

preheat oven to 400f . combine the white flour , corn flour or cornmeal ,
sugar , baking powder and salt . in a separate bowl , beat the eggs ;
then stir in the milk and the butter . pour the wet ingredients into
the dry ones and stir just enough to combine , in about 15-or-16
strokes . overmixing causes the cornbread to be tough . pour into a
buttered baking pan and bake until the cornbread is firm and a
toothpick comes out clean , about 30 minutes .

deborah madison - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 6 servings




hero pizza

breads , cheese/eggs , pizza , beef

1/2 lb ground beef
1 lb loaf , french bread
6 oz can italian tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried oregano , divided
2 cup presliced mushrooms , fresh
1/4 cup oil-free italian dressing
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese

cook meat in a skillet over medium heat until browned , stirring to
crumble . drain in collander and pat dry with paper toweling . slice
bread in half length-wise ; place on baking sheet , cut side up . spread
evenly with tomato paste ; sprinkle with 1/2 tsp oregano . top with
mushrooms ; top with cheese . sprinkle with remaining 1/2 tsp oregano .
broil , 6 inches from heat for about 2 minutes or till cheese has
melted .
protein 12.3 / fat 6 / carbohydrate 42.4 / cholesterol 17
iron 2.7 / sodium 505 / calcium 87

yield : 8 servings




bacon & tomato wafers

breads , crackers

3 each slices bacon
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
6 tablespoon butter , warm
1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese
2 teaspoon tomato paste
3/4 teaspoon dill seed
1/4 teaspoon salt

preliminaries : preheat oven to 375 degrees . procedure : cut the bacon
into thin slivers with scissors or a sharp knife . fry until crisp and
drain on paper towels . cool . in a food processor fitted with the
metal blade , combine the bacon with the flour , butter , parmesan ,
tomato paste , dill seed and salt . process until the dough forms a
ball . roll the dough into a 1-1/2 inch diameter cylinder , wrap in wax
paper and refrigerate several hours until firm . cut into rounds 1/8
inch thick and place on ungreased baking sheets . bake in a preheated
375 degree oven for 10-12 minutes , or until lightly browned around
the edges . cool on wire racks . presentation : serve at room
temperature . store in airtight containers .

yield : 12 servings




fantastic focaccia bread

appetizers , breads , main dish

1 pkg 10 oz frozen pizza crust
2 garlic cloves pressed
2 cup shredded mozzerella cheese
2/3 cup grated romano cheese
2 teaspoon oregano
2 plum tomatoes

preheat oven to 375 . dip dough and a rolling pin in flour and evenly
roll dough into a 12 inch circle . use a 13 '' baking stone if possible .
spread garlic evenly over crust . take half of the romano cheese and
one cup of the mozzerella and one teapsoon of the oregano and
sprinkle over the crust . slice the tomatoes thinly and layer across .
sprinkle remaining ingredients over tomatoes . bake 30-35 mins . cut
and serve . makes 8 slices . courtesy of the pampered chef . typos by
jayne oake

yield : 1 pie




cinnamon sugar crusted sweet bread

breads

5 cup sifted all purpose flour
2 cup sugar
1 salt
3 tablespoon butter or oil
1 active dry yeast ( use 2
1 packages if time is short )
1 cup warm water ( 105 - 1150f )
1 egg , slightly beaten
1/2 cup melted butter
2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon anise extract or
1/4 cup aniseeds

1 . sift flour , 1 cup sugar adn salt together . cut in the butter
until the mixture resembles coarse meal . if using oil , stir oil into
liquid ingredients after adding the egg .

2 . dissolve yeast in warm water , stir vigorously , and allow to
ferment for 5 to 10 minutes . then add the egg and anise extract or
aniseeds .

3 . add a small quantity of the flour mixture to the yeast and beat
until thoroughly blended . let stand for a few minutes , or until dough
becomes light and airy .

4 . add the rest of the flour mixture , adding more flour if
necessary to make a stiff dough . knead on a lightly floured board
until satiny .

5 . butter the top of the dough , cover with wax paper and let rise
until doubled .

6 . when the bread has risen , punch it down , and let it rise until
doubled again .

7 . knead the dough slightly , then form into balls the size of an
orange . with a rolling pin , flatten to 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick .

8 . prepare a topping by mixing together the melted butter ,
remaining 1 cup sugar and the cinnamon . spread topping on all sides
of the rolls .

9 . let rolls rise until light and about doubled in size . when
nearly doubled , preheat oven to 400 degrees f. bake in a preheated
oven for 20 to 25 minutes , or until golden . slice thinly and butter
generously with soft butter . arrange slices on a platter as desired .
they will keep for 2 to 3 days at room temperature when well wrapped .

maximum recommended freezer storage : 3 months

makes 8 to 10 small loaves .

from : jane butel 's tex-mex cookbook by jane butel , harmony
books , new york . 1980 . isbn 0-517-539861 shared by : karin
brewer , cooking echo , 2/93

yield : 8 servings




raised mexican cornbread

breads

-- -- norma wrenn npxr56b -- --
2 pkg yeast
1 cup cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 cup buttermilk
1 onion ; chopped
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup cheddar cheese ; grated
1 cup cream style corn
3 hot chili peppers ; chopped fine
6 1/2 cup to 7 cups flour
1/4 cup margarine ; melted

in large bowl mix yeast , cornmeal and soda . set aside . in saucepan
heat buttermilk , onion , oil , salt and sugar until very warm ( 130
degrees ) . stir into cornmeal mixture . beat in eggs , then cheese , corn
and peppers . stir in 5 cups flour . turn out on lightly floured
surface . knead until smooth and elastic .
place in greased bowl , turn over . cover and let rise until doubled -
about 1-1/2 hours . grease two loaf pans , dust with cornmeal . divide
dough in half . shape loaves and place in pans . cover , let rise until
double ( 30-45 minutes ) . bake in 400-degree oven 25-30 minutes .
remove from pans , brush with melted margarine and let cool . source :
taylor county home extension clubs , nancy hardy

yield : 2 servings




oatmeal raisin biscuits

breads , misc

1 3/4 cup flour
1/2 cup oatmeal
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda and 1/2 tsp . salt
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup raisins
3/4 cup buttermilk

mix first 5 ingredients in bowl and cut in the butter . add the
raisins and buttermilk and stir until blended , turn out and knead 10
times . roll out and cut and place on sheet 1 '' apart . bake at 425 for
12-15 min .

yield : 6 servings




spice & peach muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
16 oz peach slices
4 cup rice krispies cereal
3 egg whites
1 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoon almonds , sliced
1 vegetable cooking spray

1 . in large mixing bowl , stir together flour , granulated sugar , baking
powder , salt and spices . set aside .

2 . drain peaches , reserving liquid . place peaches , rice krispies
cereal , egg whites and 3/4 cup of the peach liquid in food processor
bowl . using metal blade , process mixture about 45 seconds or until
smooth . add to flour mixture stirring only until combined . portion
evenly into twelve 1/2-inch muffin-pan cups coated with cooking spray .

3 . bake at 400 degrees f. about 23 minutes or until golden brown .
remove from pan and drizzle with mixture of powdered sugar and 2
tablespoons peach liquid or hot water . sprinkle with almonds . serve
warm .

nutrition ( low fat ) 1 muffin : 200 calories ; 5 calories fat % daily
value : total fat 1 % ( 1g ) -saturated fat 0 % ( 0g ) -cholesterol 0 % ( 0mg ) -
sodium 11 % ( 269 mg ) -total carbohydrates 15 % ( 44g ) -fiber 5 % ( 1g ) -
sugars 26 g- protein 3g - vitamin a 6 % - vitamin c 8 % - calcium 8 % ~
iron 8 %

source : kellogg cereal website

yield : 12 muffins




rhubarb coconut bread pudding

breads , desserts

1 cup sugar
3/4 cup water
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
3 cup sliced fresh or frozen rhubarb , 1/2 ; inch pieces
1 egg , beaten
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 cup soft bread cubes , lightly toasted ( ; about 5 slices )
1 cup shredded coconut , divided

combine sugar and water in a saucepan ; bring to a boil . remove from
the heat ; add butter and rhubarb . cover and let stand 15 minutes .
drain , reserving liquid . blend liquid with egg and vanilla . combine
bread cubes , rhubarb mixture , egg mixture and 3/4 cup coconut . place
in a greased 1 quart casserole . sprinkle with the remaining coconut .
bake at 325 degres for 45 minutes or until set . yield ; 6 servings .

source : *bonnie alstatt , elberfeld , in , country woman magazine
mar/apr 93 posted by : jim bodle 6/93

yield : 6 servings




cranberry-nut bread

breads , holiday

1 1/3 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sugar
1 orange ; grated peel only
6 tablespoon butter ; cut into 1 pieces
2 large eggs
1 orange ; juice only
1 1/4 cup fresh cranberries , chopped
1 cup walnuts or pecans , chopped

preheat oven to 350f . grease a 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan and line
with a strip of wax paper , greased ; or place 18 paper muffin cups in
muffin tins . mix together the flour , baking soda and salt . put the
sugar and orange peel in a bowl , food processor or mixer , along with
the butter , eggs and 1/2 cup of the orange juice . beat or process
until smooth . add the cranberries , nuts and the flour mixture ,
beating until just combined . pour into the pan or cups . bake 1 hour
for the loaf and 30 minutes for the muffins . remove

yield : 18 servings




creole corn muffins

breads , creole

2 eggs , beaten
1 1/2 cup milk
3/4 cup vegetable shortening , melted
2 tablespoon bell pepper , chopped
2 tablespoon onion , chopped
2 tablespoon pimiento , chopped
3/4 cup american cheese , grated
3/4 cup cheddar cheese , milk , grated
2 1/2 cup flour , all-purpose
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon cornmeal

1 . mix eggs , milk and shortening .

2 . in another bowl , combine remaining ingredients .

3 . add milk mixture and stir just to mix ( there will be lumps ) .

4 . pour into greased muffin cups and bake in preheated 400'f . oven 25
to 30 minutes , or until done .

yield : 30 servings




croquignolles~ aunt rose 's mardi gras doughnu

breads

2 cup flour
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk
2 eggs
1 pinch salt
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 oil for deep frying
1 powdered sugar

{ submitted by alcee-hymet family }

mix the flour , sugar and baking powder together in a bowl . make a
well in the middle and add the eggs , milk , salt and vanilla . beat
these together and gradually work on the flour . roll out on a floured
board to about 1/4 inch or a little thinner if preferred .

cut the dough into 2 x 4-inch strips and simply make 3 or 4 slits in
the center of each . fry in deep oil until golden brown . sprinkle
with powdered sugar .

hint : these will be firmer than doughnuts .

yield : approximately 18 to 20 .

[ the legends of louisisna cookbook ; sheila ainbinder ; isbn
0-671-70817-1 ] posted by fred peters

yield : 6 servings




gf banana bread

breads

3/4 cup white rice flour
1/3 cup potato starch flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder ( gf )
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin ( 1 env )
1/3 cup margarine
1/3 cup white sugar
3 egg yolks
1 teaspoon lemon peel
1 teaspoon vanilla
3/4 cup mashed banana
1/4 cup plain yogurt
3 egg whites

this is a special recipe made without gluten . preheat oven to 350 f .
grease a 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . sift flour , baking soda , baking powder ,
salt and unflavored gelatin together . cream margarine , sugar , egg
yolks and vanilla thoroughly . continue beating until mixture is
light . mix in lemon peel , mashed banana and yoghurt . add dry
ingredients . beat egg whites to stiff peaks but not so they are dry .
fold egg whites into the mixture . place in the greased loaf pan .
bake for 1 hour .

yield : 18 servings




biscuits - red lobster

breads

2 cup bisquick
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup grated cheddar cheese
1/4 cup butter ; melted
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
1 dash italian seasoning ; generous

combine first 3 ingredients . it will be sticky . spoon into 12
well-greased muffin tins . do not use paper liners . combine last 3
ingredients and spread evenly over the raw batter . bake for about
10-15 minutes at
450 until nicely browned . lobster does . we had some the other
evening when we went to red lobster for dinner , and i know how
addictive they are . we had 2 left over in our bread basket ; i took
them home and nibbled on them cold later that night while i played on
the *p board . i have not tried these myself , > > > but when this recipe
was posted , the poster said they taste just like the ones red lobster
makes . good luck with them . i would love to know how they turn out !
jean , your senior cook in pinellas park , near st. pete , fl . 03/13
02:20 am food and wine club topic : busy cook time : 03/13 7:24 am
to : ruth prokop ( gcdj92a ) from : joan cloud ( ssmw41a ) subject : rr -
red lbstr rolls hi ruth : here are two from the red lobster.i asked
this same question just a few weeks ago . so now i can give back ,
enjoy . joni

yield : 12 servings




boboli crust

breads , main dish , ethnic , boboli , crusts

-- -- ed bosman mkpn54a -- --
2 1/2 cup bread flour salt
3/4 teaspoon active dry yeast warm water
2 small cloves garlic ; thinly sliced
2 tablespoon rosemary*
3 tablespoon bertolli light olive oil

preheat oven to 400 degrees . combine flour , salt , yeast and water in
bowl . blend well , turn out onto floured surface . knead well , about 15
minutes . place in lightly greased bowl , not buttered , cover with a
damp cloth and let rise for 1-1/2 hours ( until doubled in bulk ) . turn
dough out , punch down and knead for 5 minutes or so . return to bowl
and let rise until doubled in bulk . punch down and turn out on
lightly floured board . roll and press out to about 1/2 inch
thickness . this recipe makes about 1-12 inchers-so you can judge
whether to double or reduce the recipe . rub surface of baking
( cookie ) sheet with oil and transfer the dough round to the sheet .
make several indentations with the point of a knife in the dough and
insert garlic slices and rosemary into indentations.rub olive oil
( pour ) onto surface and gently smooth over the surface . salt and
pepper surface lightly . bake 10-12 minutes or until just golden .
remove from oven and take out the garlic slivers ! you can now top the
crust , freeze it , eat it the way it is , smille at it ( you did it ! )
remember , when you top it the crust is alread 2/3 baked and will
require only enough time so that the cheeses , etc . are bubbly .
formatted for mm by norma wrenn npxr56b

yield : 2 servings




holiday date bread

breads , entertain

6 1/2 to 7 - cups all-purpose flour
2 pkg ( 8 oz ) chopped dates , pitted and fi ; nely snipped
1 cup wheat germ
1/4 cup sugar
2 eggs , at room temperature
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
1 cup orange juice
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup water
1 egg white , lightly beaten with 1 tb ; sp water
1/2 cup butter or margarine

non-stick cooking spray

in a large bowl , mix 2 cups flour , 1/3 cup wheat germ , sugar , yeast
and salt . heat milk , water , butter and 1/2 cup dates to 125 to 130
degrees . add to dry ingredients ; beat 2 minutes at medium speed of
electric mixer . add eggs and 1/2 cup flour . beat at high speed 2
minutes . stir in enough additional flour to make a stiff dough . knead
on lightly floured surface until smooth , about 8 to 10 minutes . place
in bowl coated with non-stick cooking spray . spray top of dough with
cooking spray . cover ; let rise in warm , draft-free place until
doubled in size , about 1 hour .

in saucepan , combine remaining dates , orange juice and cinnamon . cook
and stir over medium heat until thickened , about 10 minutes . remove
from heat and stir in remaining wheat germ ; cool . reserve .

punch down . shape as desired ( directions follow ) . spray shaped dough
with cooking spray . let rise in warm , draft-free place until doubled
in size , about 30 to 60 minutes .

brush with egg white . bake @ 375 degrees ( 45 to 50 minutes for loaves
12 to 15 minutes for twists 25 minutes for cornucopia or until done ) .
if needed , cover with foil during last 5 to 10 minutes to prevent
over browning . remove from pans ; cool on wire racks .

alternate shapes

twin loaf

divide dough into 4 equal pieces . roll each to 8 x 9 '' . spread each
with 1/4 filling . roll up tightly from long side as for jelly roll ;
pinch seams and ends to seal . place two halves , side by side , seam
sides down in 9 x 5 x 3 '' loaf pan coated with cooking spray . repeat
with remaining two loaves . if desired , sprinkle with additional wheat
germ before baking .

breakfast twists

divide dough into four equal parts . roll one piece to 8 x 20 '' . spread
1/4 filling on dough to within 1/2 '' of edges . lift 8 '' end and fold
over 1/3 of dough ; lift other 8 '' end and fold over opposite 1/3 dough
to enclose filling . starting from folded side , cut into 8 strips .
twist each strip at middle and place on baking sheet coated with
cooking spray . repeat with reserved dough and filling . to serve , top
with confectioners sugar , if desired .

cornucopia

divide dough into 8 equal pieces . reserve 4 pieces and 1/2 filling for
second cornucopia . roll one piece to 3 x 10 '' . spread about 1/4 cup
filling in 1 '' strip down center of dough . pull up edges and pinch
seams and ends to seal . place on baking sheet coated with cooking
spray . turn up 4 '' of end to make `` j '' shape . roll remaining three
pieces of dough to 3 x 20 '' spread about 1/4 cup filling in 1 '' strip
down center of each piece . pull up edges and pinch seams and ends to
seal . coil end of one rope on baking sheet above top of `` j '' to make
end of basket ; then wrap over and under `` j '' . continue wrapping
remaining ropes around `` j '' making each turn slightly looser to
enlarge basket . repeat with reserved dough and filling . to serve ,
garnish with dried fruits and nuts , if desired .

yield : 6 servings




low-fat apple walnut bran muffins

breads , fruits , low cal

1 tablespoon corn oil
1/2 cup brown sugar
2 egg whites
2/3 cup skim milk
2/3 cup unsweetened apple sauce
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
2/3 cup unbleached flour
3/4 cup wheat bran
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup old-fashioned oats

preheat oven to 350* . lightly coat muffin pans with non-stick
cooking spray . cream oil and sugar together until smooth . add the
egg whites , applesauce , and skim milk , mix well . in a large bowl ,
combine flour , wheat bran , baking powder , baking soda , salt ,
cinnamon , oats , and walnuts . pour the creamed mixture into the dry
ingredients , and stir until smooth . spoon into the prepared muffin
pan . bake for 22 to 25 minutes or until the muffins are slightly firm
to touch . calories=125 each fat grams=3.2 sodium=202 mgs .
pat empson 05/21 07:27 am
food and wine bb topic : food software time : 05/21 7:40 am

to : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) from : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) subject :
mm-more apples

yield : 12 servings




green chile cornbread

breads

2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup milk
2 eggs , beaten
1/2 cup minced onion
1/2 cup minced pimiento
1/2 cup canned corn kernels , drained
1 roasted green chile pepper , about 5 ; oz
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese

fry bacon in skillet until crisp . drain and reserve drippings .
crumble bacon and set aside . combine cornmeal , salt , sugar and
baking soda in large mixing bowl . add milk and eggs , stirring until
blended . add onion , pimiento , corn , chili peppers and bacon bits and
mix well . grease 10 inch , cast iron skillet with some reserved bacon
drippings . pour half of cornmeal mixture into pan and cover with 1/2
cup cornmeal mixture . sprinkle top with remaining 1/2 cup cheese .
bake at 350f for 35 minutes or until tester inserted in centre comes
out clean . makes 8 servings .

yield : 8 servings




corn & cheese muffins

breads

2 pkg 8 1/2-oz corn muffin mix
1 cup nonfat milk
1 cup low-fat cottage cheese
2 large eggs
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese ; ( packed ) ( about 2 oz )

preheat oven to 400f . line 12 standard-size muffin cups with paper
liners . combine muffin mix , milk , cottage cheese and eggs in large
bowl . using electric mixer , beat until well combined . mix in cheddar
cheese . let stand 5 minutes . spoon batter into prepared cups ,
dividing equally . bake until muffins are brown on top and tester
inserted into center comes out clean , about 30 minutes . let muffins
cool to room temperature .

source : bon appetit ( 8/95 )

yield : 12 servings




focaccia -- -four ways

breads , diabetic

-- -- dough -- --
1 lb frozen white bread dough ; thawed
1 olive oil cooking spray
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 choice of topping
-- -- sage and onion topping -- --
1 medium size onion ; thinly sliced
1 tablespoon sage ; chopped fresh > or < -
1 teaspoon sage ; crushed dried ;
1/4 teaspoon coarse salt
-- -- rosemary and raisin topping -- --
1/3 cup golden raisins ; plumped in
1/4 cup fresh orange juice ; for 30 minutes
1 tablespoon rosemary ; chopped fresh > or < -
1 teaspoon rosemary ; crushed dried
-- -- tomato topping -- --
1 fresh plum tomato ; about 1/4 1/4 lb sliced c
1 oz sun-dried tomatoes ; ( packed dry ) , plumped in
1 tablespoon fresh oregano ; > or < -
1 teaspoon oregano ; crushed dried
1/4 teaspoon coarse salt
-- -- southwestern topping -- --
4 centiliter garlic ; slivered
1/4 cup cilantro ( fresh coriander )
1/4 cup dry-roasted sunflower seeds

this version of the popular italian flat bread gets a head start from
thawed frozen bread dough . it takes 25 minutes to prepare and bakes
in 8 minutes . cut dough into 6 equal pieces . on a lightly floured
board , roll each piece into 5-to-6 inch circle . lightly spray three
12 by 15 inch baking sheet with cooking spray . place 2 circles of
dough far apart on each sheet . brush circles with olive oil . sprinkle
with topping . lightly cover with plastic wrap and let stand in a warm
place until dough rises and appears puffy , about 20 minutes . preheat
oven to 475 degrees . bake until puffed and golden . 8 to 10 minutes .
serve warm . best eaten same day ; freeze for longer storage .

yield : 6 servings




perfect buttermilk biscuit

breads , breakfast

1/2 cup shortening
2 1/4 cup flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup buttermilk

place shortening in small plastic food bag . flatten shortening between
plastic sheets so it is thin and return to freezer . this allows
shortening to become hard enough to break , into tiny pieces when
added to dry ingredients . tear 2 pieces wax paper about 15 inches
long and place on counter , sift flour , baking powder , baking soda ,
sugar and salt onto wax paper . place empty sifter on top of bare
sheet of wax paper , lift sheet of wax paper holding sifted dry
ingredients by sides and pour through sifter , sifting onto bare wax
paper . sift back and forth 3 times , then sift once more into large
mixing bowl . remove shortening from freezer . cut into small bits ,
about 1/4-inch square . drop shortening bits into bowl of dry
ingredients and , using fingertips , lightly rub shortening and flour
together , occasionally tossing flour mixture so you touch all
particles of shortening with flour . when mixture has bits of
flour-covered shortening throughout , begin adding buttermilk . using
fork , add buttermilk , lightly stirring to mix with dry ingredients .
cover board or surface with dusting of flour . gather sticky mass of
dough and place on floured surface . dust hands with flour and gently
knead dough , adding enough flour only to make dough manageable . pat
dough with hands or roll with floured rolling pin into round 1/2-inch
thick . using 2-inch cutter , cut out biscuits and place touching each
other in 3 rows , in center of greased baking sheet . place on middle
rack of 425-degree oven and bake 12 minutes , or until lightly golden .
remove from oven and serve hot or warm . makes 19 ( 2-inch round )
biscuits . ***note : :by marion cunningham thanks to eula mae dore , a
great southern cook from avery plantation , la. , i 've learned to make
the best buttermilk biscuits i 've ever had . eula mae says a good
biscuit is one of the best things to have on hand for quick meals .
she uses them in emergencies to make simple sandwiches filled with
scraps of ham or cheese and serves them with pickles and a small
salad . for dessert , she warms a biscuit or two and makes a shortcake
with fresh fruits or berries . she has convinced me that you ca n't
have too many biscuits on hand . eula mae learned to cook and bake
from her grandmother , not from cookbooks , and the artfulness of her
preparation was a joy to watch . here are some of her biscuit-making
tips : + first go out and replace your baking powder , unless you
bought it within the last four months . more baking flops occur from
old , tired baking powder than from any other cause . and do n't rely on
the old test of checking the freshness of baking powder by putting a
spoonful in a glass of water to see if it fizzes . baking powder , like
a carbonated drink , can fizz a little and still be almost flat .
buying new baking powder costs very little when you consider the cost
of baking failures . + next , eula mae insists that sifting the dry
ingredients four times is the reason her biscuits are perfect . i
tested the recipe sifting and not sifting and , indeed , sifting does
make a slightly higher , more tender biscuit . + after you cut the
biscuit dough , put the pieces on a baking sheet upside down . this
ensures a taller , lighter biscuit by making sure any edges crimped by
the pressure of the cutting do n't interfere with the rise . ( the
french use the same trick when making puff pastry . ) + the tip that
helped me the most was using less flour than usual . eula mae 's dough
was soft and sticky . she handled it gently , dusting her hands and the
dough with only enough flour to make the dough manageable . the result
was a lighter biscuit .

yield : 12 servings




chiffon waffles

breads , breakfast

1/3 cup soft margarine
2 teaspoon sugar
2 eggs , saparated
1 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk

combine margarine and egg yolks . blend well . sift together flour ,
baking powder , sugar and salt . add to margarine mixture alternately
with milk , blending well . beat egg whites until stiff . fold in . bake
in hot , greased waffle iron until steaming stops .

yield : 8 servings




elephant ears

breads , desserts

2 cup milk
5 tablespoon sugar
5 tablespoon shortening
2 tablespoon salt
2 envelopes active dry yeast
2 cup warm water ( 105-115 degree )
6 cup all-purpose flour
2 quart vegetable oil
1 cinnamon sugar

scald milk ; add sugar , shortening , & salt . cool to lukewarm .

sprinkle yeast onto warm water in lg . bowl . add milk mixture & 2 cups
flour ; beat until smooth . stir in enough additional flour to make
stiff dough .

turn dough out onto a lightly floured board ; kneed until smooth &
elastic , about 8-10 min . place in a greesed bowl , turning to grease
top . cover & let rise in a warm place , until double in size , about 1
hour .

divide dough into 6-8 balls . roll each out in the form of an
elephant 's ear .

heat oil to 375 degrees . deep fry elephant 's ears , one at a time , for
about 3-5 min . on each side or until golden brown . serve hot ,
sprinkle with cinnamon sugar . makes 6-8 .

i also have the recipe for navajo fry bread if you want it . not as
complicated . make 18-24 pieces , each about the size of a 9 '' plate .

posted by paul bennetts , prodigy id # sfcv29a .

yield : 6 servings




cocoa-nut bread

breads , breakfast , chocolate

2 1/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1 1/2 cup sugar
1/3 cup cocoa
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
1 1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 cup nuts ; finely chopped

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. grease and flour a 9 x 5 x 3-inch
loaf pan . in a large bowl , combine all of the ingredients except the
nuts . beat with a spoon for 30 seconds , then stir in the nuts . pour
the batter into the prepared pan . bake for 65 to 70 minutes or until
a wooden pick , inserted in the center , comes out clean . cool , on a
wire rack in the pan , for 10 minutes then remove the loaf from the
pan . wrap tightly in aluminum foil and cool completely before cutting .

yield : 10 servings




whole wheat & oak bran bread

breads , quick bread

2 eggs
1/2 cup oil
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup molasses
1 1/3 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup flour
3/4 cup oat bran flakes
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup dates ; chopped
1 cup walnuts ; chopped

beat together first 5 ingredients until blended . mix together the
remaining ingredients and add all at once . beat until blended . do not
overbeat .
divide batter between 5 greased mini-loaf pans ( 6x3x2-inches ) and
bake in a 350 degree oven for about 45 minutes , or until a cake
tester , inserted in center , comes out clean . allow to cool in pan
for 10 minutes , and then remove from pans and continue cooling on a
rack . yields : 5 mini-loaves .

note : oat bran can be purchased in most supermarkets or health food
stores . it comes as `` milled '' or `` stone-ground '' . the milled is finer
in texture and the stone-ground will produce a slightly coarser
crumb , which adds a little character to this country-style loaf .
source : coffee cakes and quick breads by renny darling .

yield : 20 servings




shisky ( doughnuts )

breads , cakes , desserts , ethnic

1/2 lb butter or margarine ( softened
1 cup sugar
1 quart milk
4 pkg dry yeast
2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla
12 cup flour ( approx )
6 each eggs

scald milk . let cool until lukewarm . add yeast . cream butter or
margarine with sugar . add beaten eggs . now to the butter mixture
alternate flour and milk until used up . knead in bowl until dough
does not stick to hands . let dough rise for 2 or 3 hours until double
in bulk . roll out on floured board to half-inch thickness . cut with
floured glass . fry in deep fat until lightly brown . cool and sprinkle
with powered sugar or fill with jelly or lekvar .

yield : 24 servings




red lobster cheese biscuits clone 1

breads , biscuits

2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening ; ( crisco )
2/3 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 cup american cheese ; ( sharp ) ( grated )

preheat oven to 425 degrees . sift dry ingredients together . add 1/2 of
grated cheese to crisco , and mix well then cut the shortening into
the dry ingredients . mix everything in until it becomes coarse . add
buttermilk , and mix until it becomes uniform . drop biscuits into
greased muffin tins . this will make about 12 or so . when you have
completed this sprinkle over the rest of the cheese , a little extra
garlic powder , and some dried parsley . bake for 12 - 15 minutes . when
done remove from oven , and brush on a little butter . serve while
still warm .

formatted by russell fletcher cccwebauthor @ bigfoot.com

i have n't tried these yet , but the original are my favorite biscuits .

recipe by : janelle at copykat recipes http : //www.copykat.com/

posted to tnt - prodigy 's recipe exchange newsletter by `` russell j .
fletcher '' < gimplimp @ teleport.com > on feb 20 , 1998

yield : 12 servings




raspberry cream brownie wedges

breads

8 oz cream cheese -- softened
1/2 cup raspberry preserves --
1 seedless
1 tablespoon flour
1 egg
6 drop red food color
3/4 cup unsalted butter
4 oz unsweetened chocolate
3/4 cup sugar
3 eggs
1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon chambord
2 oz white chocolate
4 teaspoon oil
filling -- -- -
brownie -- -- -
glaze -- -- -

preheat oven to 350 .

lightly grease 9-inch springform pan . in a small bowl , combine all
filling ingredients . beat 1 minute at medium speed ; set aside .

in a medium saucepan , melt butter and chocolate over low heat ,
stirring constantly . remove from heat and cool slightly . add sugar
and 3 eggs ; beat well . stir in flour , baking powder and salt . stir
in chambord . spread half of chocolate mixture in bottom of greased
pan . spread filling over chocolate . spread remaining chocolate
mixture over filling . bake for 37-42 minutes or until center is set .
cool on rack 5 minutes ; run knife around edge of pan to loosen . cool
completely ; remove from pan .

melt glaze ingredients over double boiler . spread glaze on top of
brownie and cool .

from : real thai : the best of thailand 's

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin bread 2

breads , fruits , vegetables , easy , grains

3 1/2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
1 1/2 cup light brown sugar ; packed
1 1/2 cup sugar ; granulated
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg ; ground
4 eggs ; lg
1 cup salad oil
2/3 cup water
2 cup pumpkin ; mashed , canned
1 cup raisins
1 cup walnuts ; chopped

preheat the oven to 375 degrees f , and grease 3 medium ( 8 1/2 x 4
1/2 ) loaf pans , sprinkling a little brown sugar in each . combine all
the dry ingredients in a large bowl and fashion a well in the center .
break in the 4 eggs and add the salad oil , water and pumpkin . beat
thoroughly until well mixed , then add the raisins and nuts . pour into
the prepared pans . bake 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a cake tester
or wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool for 5
minutes in the pans before turning onto wire racks to cool . note :
this bread can be wrapped in aluminum foil and frozen very
satisfactorily .

yield : 4 servings




cardamom buns

breads

1/4 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup butter or margarine , room temperatu ; re
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cardamom
1 egg , beaten
1/3 to 1/2 cup evaporated or fresh milk
1 egg white , slightly beaten
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon ground almonds

makes 1 dozen

combine water , yeast and sugar . stir to dissolve yeast and let stand
until bubbly , about 5 minutes .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , butter , salt and
cardamom into work bowl . process until mixed , about 10 seconds .

add yeast mixture and 1 beaten egg to flour mixture . process until
blended , about 10 seconds .

turn on proecessor and very slowly drizzle just enough milk through
feed tube so dough forms a ball that cleans the sides of the bowl .
process until ball turns around bowl about 25 times . turn off
processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining milk to
make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough truns around bowl about 15 times .

turn dough onto lightly greased surface . shape into a ball . cover
with plastic wrap or inverted bowl and let stand at room temperature
until almost doubled , 30 -
45 minutes .

uncover dough and divide into 12 equal parts . shape each into smooth
ball and place on greased cookie sheet . let rise in warm place until
doubled , about 1 hour .

heat oven to 375 f. brush rolls with egg white . mix sugar and ground
almonds and sprinkle over rolls . bake until golden , 25 - 30 minutes .
remove from cookie sheet and cool on wire rack .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




quick pumpkin muffins

breads

1 cup unbleached flour , sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 cup vegetable shortening
2/3 cup sugar
1 large egg
1/2 cup canned , mashed pumpkin
2 tablespoon milk

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and cinnamon ; set aside .
cream together shortening and sugar in mixing bowl until light and
fluffy , using electric mixer at medium speed . beat in egg . combine
pumpkin and milk in small bowl . add dry ingredients alternately with
pumpkin mixture to creamed mixture , stirring well after each
addition . spoon batter into paper-lined 2 1/2-inch muffin-pan cups ,
filling 2/3rds full . bake in 350 degree f. oven 20 minutes or until
golden brown . serve hot with butter and homemade jam .

yield : 4 servings




whole wheat burger buns

breads , vegetarian

2 pkg baking yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 teaspoon molasses
2 cup soymilk
1/2 cup molasses
4 tablespoon dairy-free margarine , melted
3 cup unbleached flour
3 cup whole wheat flour

add yeast and 1 teaspoon molasses to warm water ; stir and let sit
until bubbly .

to a large bowl add soymilk , 1/2 cup molasses , melted margarine and
salt . stir in yeast mixture . next add flour , one cup at a time . ( mix
white and whole wheat flour together before adding ) . stir well with
each addition .

turn out dough on flat surface and knead about 5 minutes or so untl
smooth and elastic , adding more flour , as necessary .

place dough into a greased container and cover . let rise about one
hour , in a warm location .

form into buns and let rise about 30 or 40 minutes on greased cookie
sheets . cover with plastic wrap that has been sprayed with non-stick
spray .

bake in 350-degree oven about 20 minutes . cool on wire racks .

note : or form into two large loaves and bake 30 to 35 minutes . while
bread is hot , bursh tops with melted margarine or spray tops with
pam , if desired .

recipe by shirley wilkes-johnson

yield : 12 servings




focaccia bread

breads

1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup water
2 1/4 cup warm water
6 tablespoon olive oil
6 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt

mix together and let rise 30 to 40 minutes .

divide dough into 3 parts and place in 3 olive-oiled pie pans . dimple
dough with fingers . place the following mixture on top : coarse sea
salt , fresh ground pepper , chopped rosemary and thyme . if herbs are
dried , soak in water for 10 minutes and then pat dry on paper towels .
let rise for about 1 hour .

bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes . may dip in olive oil .

yield : 8 servings




pizza

breads

2 cup tepid water
2 pkg instant yeast
4 tablespoon olive oil
5 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup corn meal
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup salad oil

mix this with 3 c flour for about 10 minutes . then add rest of flour
and kneed 15 more minutes . let dough rise once to double size . punch
down . then divide the dough in two ( makes two pizzas ) . spread out
dough flat . oil the pan with olive oil and sprinkle with corn meal .
spread the dough out in the pan and spread it around to cover the
entire bottom , then push it up the sides - like a pie crust . if it
does n't cover the whole pan push it around til it does . let it rise
again . put thin slices of mozzarella over the entire bottom of the
pizza . squish and drain well one large can of skinned plum tomatoes ,
and spread that over the cheese . add a smidge of salt ( i also add
ground black pepper ) . chop or crush garlic over this ( i use lots ) .
basil and oregano sprinkled generously on top . put on filing to taste
( i use sliced onions and spicy italian sausage ) . then sprinkle over
the top a combo of fresh grated parma and romano . bake for 35 to 40
min at 475 . crust should be brown and crunchy . hope you like it . i
usually make two at a time , with one having no meat on it for the
non-meat crowd ( using zuccini peppers , mushrooms , onions ) . one pizza
is usually enough for 4 people with a salad . hope you like it , david .

yield : 2 servings




cranberry surprise loaf

breads , fruits , quick bread

2 pkg ( 3 oz ) of cream cheese , softened
1 egg
2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup apple juice
1/4 cup margarine or butter , melted
1 egg , beaten
1 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cranberries*
1/2 cup chopped nuts

in small bowl , beat cream cheese until light and fluffy . add 1 egg ;
blend well . in large bowl , combine dry ingredients . stir in apple
juice , butter , and beaten egg . fold in cranberries and nuts spoon
half of batter into greased and floured pan . spoon cream cheese
mixture evenly over batter . top with remaining batter . bake @ 350 f
for 65 to 75 minutes or until top springs back . cool 15 minutes ;
remove from pan . cool completely . wrap tightly and store in
refrigerator . tip : * to chop cranberries in food processor , add about
2 cups fresh berries to food processor bowl with metal blade . process
with 10 on-off pulses or until all berries are coarsely chopped . this
recipe also works with frozen cranberries . pillsbury 's the complete
book of baking

yield : 1 servings




cranberry bread from lisa clarke

breads , christmas

2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 egg
1/8 cup soft shortening
3/4 cup orange juice
1 thin rind of 1/2 orange
1 cup sugar
1 cup cranberries
1 cup nuts

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and baking soda . `` mix '' in
blender egg , shortening , orange juice , orange rind and sugar . add
cranberries & nuts , for 2 cycles at `` chop . '' empty into flour
mixture . mix by hand until moistened . bake in a greased 9x5 pan at
350f for 50 to 60 minutes .

source : irene rodriguez , entered in meal master format by lisa clarke
for christmas eve 1995

yield : 1 servings




smoked salmon and brie pizza

breads , main dish

1 pie : ( makes 2 pies )
4 1/4 cup flour
1 1/2 cup water , lukewarm ( 105 to 115
1 degrees fahrenheit )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 topping : ( for one pie )
1 lb brie , rind discarded , cut
1 into small pieces
12 oz smoked salmon , cut into
1 small pieces
1 small onion , red , very thinly
1 sliced , separated into rings
1/4 cup olive oil , extra virgin

put flour into a large bowl and make a deep well in the middle . pour
warm water into the well , mix in the yeast , using a bit of flour in
the mix . add the sugar , salt , and flour to the well , let stand for 10
minutes until mixture bubbles . slowly stir all of the flour into the
yeast mixture . when it gets too thick to handle place it on a board
and knead it until elastic . form a ball , place into a greased bowl ,
then turn it over so the top of the ball is greased . cover with a
towel and let rise in a warm and draft free place for an hour or
until double in bulk . preheat oven to 450 degrees . punch down dough
and divide in half . refrigerate one half for later . ( allow extra time
to rise ) . roll the other half into a circle about 15 inches across .
place on a 14 inch greased pizza pan , roll edges to form a rim .

transfer the pie a pizza pan . bake the pizza until the crust begins to
brown , about 6 minutes . remove from oven and cover with cheese ,
leaving 1/2 inch border around the edges . arrange the salmon and
onion on top and drizzle evenly with olive oil . return to the oven
and bake until the crust is golden brown and puffy , the cheese begins
to melt and the salmon is heated thru , about 4 minutes . remove from
oven to a cutting tray or board and lightly brush the crust with
olive oil . garnish with dill . slice and serve immediately .

posted by michael prothro , mike 's resort bbs fayetteville ar and
kook-net hub

yield : 2 pies




corn bread or muffin mix

breads , cakes

2 2/3 cup cornmeal ( stone ground if > > >
1 possible ) .
2 cup a/p flour
2 tablespoon sugar , or more to taste
2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon baking powder

whisk all ingreds . together in lge . bowl . mix very thoroughly .
divide mix into two zip lock bags . you should have 2 1/2 c. per bag .
store at room temp .

yield : 2 servings




spiced cornbread

breads , bakery

3 tablespoon shortening
1/4 cup tofu
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon coriander
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 cup wholewheat flour
1 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup soymilk -=or=- water

preheat oven to 375f .

beat together the shortening , sugar & tofu . stir in the baking
powder , salt & spices . add the lemon juice . beat in the flour ,
cornmeal & soymilk . ensure that it is well mixed . turn into an
oiled loaf pan & bake for 30 minutes or until the loaf tests done .

let cool slightly in the loaf pan before turning the loaf out onto a
wire rack to cool .

recipe by mark satterly

yield : 1 servings




blueberry clafoutti

breads

4 cup blueberries
1 cup milk
1/3 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/4 cup flour
1 dash salt

contributed to the echo by : debra heng originally from : `` victory
garden '' blueberry clafoutti grease & flour a suitable baking dish .
add berries . combine milk , sugar , eggs , salt & vanilla . add flour and
beat with electric mixer until smooth . pour over berries . bake at 375
for 45 minutes or until golden & puffy .

yield : 12 servings




bialys

breads

2 cup warm ( 110 f. ) water
1 pkg dry yeast
2 teaspoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup gluten flour
3 1/2 cup a/p flour , or as needed
-- -- topping -- --
1 tablespoon veg . oil ( or lard if prefer )
1 1/2 tablespoon poppy seeds , or to taste
1/3 cup finely minced onion
1/2 teaspoon salt

in lge . mixing bowl , combine 1/2 cup of the warm water , the yeast and
sugar and let work til foamy .

mix remaining 1 1/2 c. warm water , salt , gluten flour , and a/p flour
into the yeast mixture . knead vigorously on a floured surface until
smooth ( dough will be soft ) . form into ball and place in greased bowl
andturn greased side up . let rise , covered with plastic , until
tripled in bulk , abt 90 min . punch dough down , turn over , and let
rise again til doubled .

punch down and roll into 2 cylinders . cut each into 8 rounds , lay them
flat , cover with a towel , an let rest . meanwhile , prepare the topping
by mixint oil , poppy seeds , onion and salt ; set aside

pat dough into flattened rounds a little higher in the middle than at
the edge , each abt . 3 1/2 '' in dia . place on lightly floured board ,
cover with dry towel then damp one and let rise until
half-proofed -- abt . 30 min . press bottom of shot glass or small jar
abt 1 '' in dia . in center of each bialy to make deep indentation .
spread topping over the bialys . let proof 15 min . more . 3/4 proof .

carefully transfer each bialy onto 2 lge . ungreased baking sheets .
bake on the upper and lower shelves of the oven for 6 to 7 min. , then
switch pans and turn front to back for even browning . bake abt . 5 to
6 min more .

cool on racks . store in plastic bags in 'fridge up to 2 days . freeze
for longer storage .

yield : 16 servings




basic english muffins

breads

-- -- yeastflour mixture -- --
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1 envelope active dry yeast
-- -- liquid mixture -- --
1 3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon butter
-- -- remaining ingreds -- --
1 egg
4 cup all purpose flour , divided
1/2 cup cornmeal

yeast-flour mixture : in large bowl of mixer stir together 2 c flour ,
the sugar , salt and dry yeast ; set aside .

liquid mixture : heat milk , water and butter until very warm ( 120 to
130 degrees f ) . add gradually to yeast-flour mixture and beat at
medium speed 2 minutes . add egg and 1 c flour ; beat at high speed 2
minutes . stir in just enough remaining flour to make a soft dough .
knead on lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic , adding
more remaining flour if dough is sticky . cover with plastic wrap and
let rise in warm , draft-free place until double , about one hour .
punch down . cover and let rise again until double , about 45 minutes .
punch down . on lightly floured surface roll out 1/2 inch thick . with
a 3 1/4 inch round cutter cut out muffins . sprinkle cookie sheets
lightly with cornmeal . add muffins , about 1 inch apart . sprinkle with
additional cornmeal . cover ; let rise until double , about 45 minutes .
heat lightly greased griddle or heavy skillet . with wide spatula
carefully remove muffins ( do not compress or puncture or they will
collapse ) to griddle . bake over very low heat 8 to 10 minutes on
each side until light brown . ( muffins should sound hollow when
tapped ) cool on racks . to serve , split with fork tines ; toast .

variations - onion : add 1 envelope onion soup mix and 3 t nonfat dry
milk to yeast-flour mixture and decrease salt to 1 t. increase butter
to 2 t. substitute 1 3/4 c water for the milk in liquid mixture
( total 2 c water ) .

yield : 24 servings




soda bread ( quick ) ( callery )

breads

4 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon sugar ( optional )
2 cup buttermilk

mix dry ingredients . add enough buttermilk to make a soft dough .
knead the dough lightly . form a round loaf about as thick as your
fist . place it on a lightly-floured baking sheet and cut a cross in
the top with a floured knife . bake near the top of a preheated 450
degree oven for 30-45 minutes .

the first recipe is adapted from one i found years ago in the
newspaper . the second recipe is from `` a little irish cookbook '' by
john murphy chronicle books , 1986 ( isbn : 0-87701-400-0 )

anne callery

from : anne elizabeth callery < callery @ leland.stanford.edu >

yield : 1 servings




dilled cheddar cheese batter bread

breads , cheese

3/4 cup milk
1 1/2 tablespoon dill seeds , coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon honey
1/4 cup canola oil
3 eggs , room temperature , beaten to ; blend
2 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 pkg dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup packed grated sharp tillamook , che ; ddar cheese
3 tablespoon chopped fresh dill

bring first 3 ingredients to simmer in small saucepan ; cool to
120-degrees f. whisk in oil and eggs . combine 1-1/4 cups flour ,
yeast , salt and 2 cups cheese in large bowl of electric mixer . add
warm liquid mixture and fresh dill ; beat 3 minutes . add remaining
1-1/4 cups flour ; beat 2 minutes . scrape down sides of bowl . cover
bowl with plastic wrap . let dough rise in warm draft-free area until
doubled , about 1 hour and 15 minutes .

preheat oven to 350-degrees f. butter 9x5x3-inch loaf pan . do not
stir batter down . spoon half of batter into pan ; sprinkle remaining
1-1/2 cups cheese over . cover with remaining batter ; smooth top .
cover and let rise in warm draft-free area until batter reaches top
of pan , about 30 minutes .

bake until bread is golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped , about
45 minutes . turn out onto rack and cool .

source : bon appetit , march 1993 .

shared by cate vanicek

yield : 1 servings




yorkshire pudding

breads , londontowne

2 each eggs
1 1/2 cup flour
1 single salt , pinch
1 single milk
2 tablespoon beef fat

beat eggs and salt slightly with fork . add flour gradually , beat , add
milk a little at a time until smooth . add more milk to make a batter
like a rather thin pancake batter . let stand 1 hour . put 2
tablespoons beef fat in baking pan and heat in oven . pour batter on
hot fat . bake 20 minutes in 425 degree oven . the perfect
accompaniment to rib roast ! mrs. william mcg . harlow

yield : 2 servings




pita bread ii

breads

2 teaspoon dry yeast
1 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 cup wholewheat flour

dissolve yeast in water with sugar . let froth . add salt & flour , mix
well . knead , adding more flour as necessary . let rise till doubled .
punch down . divide into 6 equal portions & let rise for 15 minutes .
preheat oven to 475f . roll each bread to 1/2-inch . place on
ungreased cookie sheet & bake for 10 minutes .

`` the vegetarian times cookbook ''

yield : 6 servings




cornbread stuffing~ 1986

breads , meats , poultry , dressings

2 cup cold water
6 cup crumbed cornbread
6 sl cubed 1-in bread
1/4 cup water
1/2 teaspoon salt ( opt )
1/2 teaspoon ground pepper
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/2 lb bulk pork sausage
2 cup celery ; chopped
1 onion ; chopped fine

yields 9 cups or enough for a 12 lb turkey ( 22 lb 1986 )

place reserved giblets in saucepan with 2 cups water ; cover , and
simmer 1-2 hours or until giblets are tender . remove from broth ,
reserving 1 cup of broth . chop giblets ; set aside . combine cornbread
and bread cubes in a large mixing bowl ; add 1/4 cup water , salt and
pepper . set aside . melt butter in a large skillet ; add sausage ,
celery , and onion . saute 3 minutes . cover , and cook an additional 30
minutes or until sausage is browned and vegetables are tender ; stir
frequently . remove from heat ; stir in bread mixture . add reserved
giblet broth and giblets , mixing well .

note : 2 packages of martha white cornbread mix , baked ==6 cups
stuffing .

yield : 9 cups or enough for a 12 lb turkey . thanksgiving 1986 , i
stuffed a 22 lb turkey .
deidre ann penrod , prodigy food & wine board

yield : 12 servings




new years bread

breads

2 starter
1/2 pint salt
3 pint sugar
2 eggs ; beaten
1/2 butter ; melted
1/2 pint cinnamon
1 orange rind ; grated
3 flour ; white
1 each egg ; beaten add salt ,

sugar , eggs , melted butter and orange rind
to starter and mix well . add the flour to the culture
one cup at a time till to stiff to mix by hand . turn
out and knead till satiny . shape into a round loaf .
place on a greased baking sheet and let rise 1 to 2
hours till doubled in bulk . glaze surface with beaten
egg and sprinkle with split almonds . bake 375 for 45
to 50 minutes . cool on a wire rack .

yield : 1 servings




brennan 's banana beignets

breads , fruits , breakfast , french

3/4 cup flour
2 tablespoon sugar ; plus 2 ts
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk ; plus 2 t
1/4 cup beer
1 egg
1 oil ; for deep frying
4 bananas ; each quartered crosswise
1 powdered sugar
1 mint leaves
-- -- caramel sauce -- --
1 cup whipping cream
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon bourbon

beignets :

mix flour , sugar and baking powder in bowl . add milk , beer and
egg and stir until smooth .

heat oil in deep fryer or heavy deep skillet to 375f . working in
batches , dip bananas into batter and then carefully add to oil . cook
until golden brown , about 3 minutes . drain on paper towels . pour
caramel sauce onto plates . set bananas atop sauce . sprinkle with
powdered sugar . garnish plates with mint leaves and serve .

caramel sauce :

bring cream to boil in heavy medium saucepan over high heat . cook
sugar in heavy small saucepan over low heat , swirling pan
occasionally , until brown . gradually stir hot cream into caramel
( mixture will bubble vigorously ) . boil until thickened to sauce
consistency , 3 to 5 minutes . add bourbon . serve hot . ( sauce can be
prepared 1 day ahead . cover and refrigerate . rewarm over low heat . )

makes about 1-1/3 cups .

recipe from brennan 's of houston
courtesy of bon appetit , october , 1987
submitted by sam waring < sam.waring @ 382-91-12.ima.infomail.com > on
wed , 01 nov 1995 111938 gmt

yield : 4 servings




fastnacht potato cake

breads , penndutch

2 potato
2 egg
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup lard
1 *or :
1/2 cup other shortening
1 cup yeast
1 *dissolved in :
1/2 cup water , warm
1 flour

boil the pared potatoes in enough water to cover them . drain off the
potato water and save . mash the potatoes and beat lightly . measure
the potato water and add more water , if necessary , to make 1 1/2
pints . combine with the rest of the ingredients , using enough flour
to make a rather stiff batter . cover and let rise in a warm place
until morning . knead in the morning , adding as much flour as is
necessary . let rise again . spread on well-greased tins and when light
( about 1-1/4 hours ) brush melted butter over top . strew with `` rivels ''
made by combining 1/2 cup sugar , 1/2 cup flour , and 2 tbsp butter .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




fougasse aux grattons ( provencal flat bread w

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 lb flour*
250 ml tepid water
1 each egg yolk , beaten
1 lb belly of pork , diced
2 lb pork fat , diced
12 tablespoon dry white wine

*flour should be a mixture of unbleached white bread flour with 2
generous handfuls of buckwheat flour , sifted together . if you ca n't
find the buckwheat flour , do n't worry about it . for the dough : stir
together the yeast and a handful of flour in enough water to make a
runny batter . leave for 1 hour . warm the remaining flour in the oven ,
mix in salt and make a well in the middle . pour in the yeast mixture
and add enough tepid water to make a moist dough . knead for 10-12
minutes on a lightly floured surface . leave to rise in a large
floured bowl covered with a dampened cloth . when the dough has
doubled in size , turn out onto a floured work surface , punch down and
flatten the dough out . add the grattons ( see immediately below for
how to make them ) . preheat the oven to 450f/250c . for the grattons :
cook the meat , fat and wine over a *very* gentle heat in a heavy
covered saucepan . press down on the meat several times during cooking
to render up as much fat as possible . after 1 1/2 - 2 hours , pour the
liquid off through a strainer . ( it can be used instead of olive oil
for cooking , and often was , in provencal cooking . ) crisp the diced
meat over higher heat , straining off any liquid fat when necessary .
to make the fougasse , make the bread dough , and after the first
rising mixin the grattons . then , with a knife , cut through the dough
first one way , then another . reform into a ball and repeat . gather
the pieces together into a mass , divine in two and form into two flat
loaves , slashed straight through their thickness in numerous places .
spread the holes wider with your fingers . ( you are striving for an
effect like a flat sheet of bread with holes like those of a slice of
swiss cheese . ) brush the top with the egg yolk and bake on a hot
metal sheet fgor 30-35 minutes until crisp and golden . serve warm
with a bitter salad like endive or dandelion . nb : this is a very rich
bread ++ more like a salty shortbread than anything else . but *very*
good .

yield : 8 servings




easy corn bread

breads

1 1/4 cup all purpose flour
3/4 cup corn meal
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 each egg , beaten

heat oven to 400 degrees . grease 8 or 9 inch baking pan . combine dry
ingredients . stir in milk , oil and egg , mixing just until dry
ingredients are moistened . pour batter into prepared pan . bake 20 -
25 minutes or until lightly brown and wooden tooth pick inserted near
center comes out clean . serve warm . serves 9 . microwave directions :
mix ingredients same as above and pour batter into ungreased pan .
microwave on high 5 - 6 minutes , rotating 1/4 turn after 2 minutes .
let stand 5 minutes before serving .
hope this is simple enough ... .. as the recipe says ... only mix
ingredients until moistened . if you beat it too much it would come
out solid rather than light and airy . i cover the baking pan with
saran wrap leaving part of one corner pulled back for steam to get
out when i put it in the microwave ... seems to help it bake more
evenly . the center will seem a little soggy when you take it out but
remember it continues to cook during that 5 minutes before you serve
it . time also makes a difference depending on the wattage of your
micro . i think i leave mine in for about 7 minutes .

yield : 4 servings




challah - ( holiday twist bread )

breads , jewish

1 pkg ( or 1 tablespoon ) active dry yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees )
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 to 2-1/2 c whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 1/4 cup water
1 egg , beaten
1 tablespoon poppy seeds

dissolve the yeast and sugar in the 1/4 cup of warm water . let stand
for 5 minutes . combine the flours and salt in a mixing bowl . make a
well in the center of the flour mixture and add the egg , oil , yeast
mixture and remaining 1-1/4 cups of water . mix well . knead the dough
on a floured board , adding more whole wheat flour until the dough is
smooth and elastic . place in an oiled bowl . cover with a damp towel
and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . divide the dough into three
parts . roll each third into a strip about 15 inches long . braid the
strips together and place on a lightly-oiled baking sheet . brush with
the beaten egg . sprinkle on the poppy seeds . cover and let rise until
doubled . bake in a 375-degree oven for 40 to 45 minutes , or until
golden brown .

yield : 18 servings




dixie corn bread

breads

2 cup white cornmeal
3 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk
1 egg
2 tablespoon bacon drippings ( or melted butter )

preheat oven to 450 degrees . in a large mixing bowl sift together
cornmeal , with flour salt and baking soda . add buttermilk , egg and
drippings , mixing just until dry ingredients are moistened . pour into
greased , hot 10-inch oven proof skillet . bake 20 to 25 minutes .
serve warm , with butter .

yield : 8 servings




mafrooda burd

breads , sourdough

2 cup starter
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon oil
1/2 cup water
1 cup flour ; white
3 cup flour ; whole wheat

add salt , sugar , oil and water to the starter and mix well . add the
flour to the starter a cup at a time until to stiff to mix by hand .
then turn onto a floured board and knead in remaining flour until
satiny . divide into 10 egual pieces and form balls flatten by hand or
roller into 10 inch rounds . use a floured hand board to transfer
rounds to a preheated griddle . immediately bake individually at 500
degrees turn briefly to brown . rounds can be cooked in an electric
frying pan by using highest setting with lid on use smoking hot .

converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 10 servings




owendaw corn bread

breads

1 cup cooked hominy
2 tablespoon butter
2 eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt

hominy gives this bread it 's distinctive flavor . like all spoon
breads , it should be eaten very hot with plenty of butter . do try
this one it will change your mind about grits .

this recipe orignally appeared in the carolina housewife . the last
line in the recipe is taken verbatim from the orignal by the authors .

while hominy is hot , stir in the butter . beat eggs until light and
add to hominy , then add milk . stir in cornmeal and salt . this makes a
very thin batter . pour into a deep , buttered pan and bake in a 375
degree f. oven for about 30 minutes ( about 1 hour in a glass baking
dish ) . this will serve 6 .

when baked , it has the appearance of a baked batter pudding , and when
rich and well mixed it has almost the delicacy of baked custard .

source : two hundred years of charleston cooking published in early
american life 8/93 posted by : jim bodle 9/93

yield : 6 servings




irish whole wheat soda bread

breads , quick bread

3 cup flour , whole wheat
1 cup flour , all purpose
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 cup buttermilk , yogurt , or milk soured ; with lemon juice

combine the dry ingredients and mix thouroughly to distribute the
soda and baking powder , then add enough buttermilk to make a soft
dough but firm enough to hold its shape . knead on a lightly floured
board for 2 or 3 minutes , until quite smooth and velvety . form into a
round loaf and place in a well buttered 8 inch cake pan or on a well
buttered cookie sheet . cut a cross on the top of the loaf with a very
sharp floured knife . bake in a preheated 375f oven for 35-40 minutes ,
or until the loaf is nicely browned and sounds hollow when rapped
with the knuckles . ( the cross will have spread open which is
characteristic of soda bread . ) from _beard on bread_ .

yield : 8 servings




barley mushroom dressing

breads , holiday

2 tablespoon olive oil
6 oz mushrooms ; halved & sliced
1 teaspoon salt
2 large onions ; coarsely chopped
2 celery ribs ; coarsely choppd
2 carrots ; peeled & sliced
2 centiliter garlic ; thinly sliced
1 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon dried sage
1 1/4 cup barley
2 can chicken broth ; 14oz each
1 nonstick cooking spray
1/4 cup fresh parsley ; chopped
1/4 cup orange juice
1/4 teaspoon pepper

heat 1 tbsp of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high
heat . add mushrooms ; sprinkle with 1/8 tsp of the salt . cook without
stirring for 1 minute . cook , stirring , for 4 more minutes , or until
mushrooms are just softened . transfer mushrooms to a large bowl . set
aside .

add 2 tsp oil to the skillet . add onions , celery , carrots and garlic .
sprinkle with 1/8 tsp of the salt . cook , stirring occasionally , 5
minutes . add paprika , thyme and sage . cook 1 minute longer . transfer
vegetables to the bowl with mushrooms . set aside .

heat remaining 1 tsp of oil in a large saucepan . add barley and cook ,
stirring , for 1 minute . add chicken broth and bring to a boil . lower
heat , cover and simmer 50 minutes , or until barley is tender but not
mushy .

preheat the oven to 350 . lightly coat a deep , 2 1/2-qt casserole
dish with nonstick cooking spray . set aside .

stir barley mixture , parsley and orange juice into the bowl with the
vegetables . add 3/4 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper . if the mixture seems
dry , stir in a little water or chicken broth . transfer the mixture to
the prepared casserole dish and cover with aluminum foil .

bake for 30 to 40 minutes , uncovering the dressing for the last 15
minutes . makes 12 servings .

* approximate nutritional analysis : 119 calories per 2/3-cup serving ;
4g protein ; 20g carbohydrate ; 3g fat ( 22 % of calories ) ; 4g fiber ;
346mg sodium ; 35 % of the daily value for vitamin a .

** american health -- november 1995 **

yield : 12 servings




pumpkin nut bread

breads , desserts , entertain

3 1/3 cup flour
2 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 cup sugar ( or 2 cups , works fine )
4 eggs
2 cup pumpkin
2/3 cup water
1 cup chopped nuts

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. sift dry ingredients into a large
bowl . make a well and add sugar , eggs , pumpkin and water . beat well
until smooth . add nuts , and mix into mixture . pour into three greased
and floured loaf pans . bake at 350 degrees f for one hour .

these freeze very well .

from : betty schutz posted by : karin brewer , cooking echo , 7/92

yield : 6 servings




low-fat oatmeal muffins

breads , corky

1 cup all purpose flour
1/4 cup miller 's bran ( natural
1 unprocessed bran )
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup oatmeal ( any kind )
1 cup unsweetened applesauce
3/4 cup nonfat milk
1/2 cup raisins or any dried fruit
1 cut in small pieces
1 egg or 2 egg whites or 1/4 c
1 egg substitute

heat oven to 400 degrees and spray a muffin tin with cooking spray .
in a bowl , mix first six ingredients and dump out on a paper plate .

in the same bowl , mix the remaining ingredients and let sit for 5
minutes . stir in previously mixed dry ingredients just until
completely mixed . fill muffin cups almost full . bake for 20 to 22
minutes or until a toothpick inserted in a muffin comes out clean .

remove muffins from pan and cool on a wire rack .

yield : 12 servings




savory flatbread

breads , snacks

1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water -- ( 105-115 )
1 cup skim milk -- warmed
1 ( 105-115 )
2 tablespoon margarine -- melted
1 tablespoon honey
2 1/4 cup flour , all-purpose
1 1/2 cup flour , whole-grain wheat
3 tablespoon dried onions -- minced
1 teaspoon dried rosemary -- crushed
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 vegetable cooking spray

dissolve yeast in warm water in a large bowl ; let stand 5 minutes .
add warm milk , margarine , and honey ; stir well . stir in 2 cups
all-purpose flour , whole wheat flour , onion , rosemary , and salt to
form a stiff dough . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured
surface . knead until smooth and elastic ( about 7 minutes ) ; add enough
remaining flour to prevent dough from sticking to hands . place dough
in a bowl coated with cooking spray , turning to coat top . cover and
let rise in a warm place ( 85-degrees ) , free from drafts , 1 hour , or
until doubled in bulk . punch dough down , and divide into 4 equal
portions , shaping each portion into a ball ( cover the remaining dough
while working to prevent it from drying out ) . roll 1 ball into a 15 x
12-inch paper-thin rectangle on a baking sheet coated with cooking
spray . score the dough by making 2 lengthwise cuts and 5 crosswise
cuts to form 18 crackers . prick entire surface liberally with a fork
( do not allow to rise ) . bake at 300-degrees for 23 minutes or until
lightly browned . remove from pan ; let cool completely on a wire rack .
separate into individual crackers . repeat

procedure with remaining dough . store in an airtight container .

recipe by : cooking light-9/95

from : mike key date : 05-12-96

yield : 12 servings




pumpkin coffee loaf

breads , vegetables

1/3 cup shortening
1 cup brown sugar , packed
2 eggs
1 cup canned pumpkin
1/4 cup milk
1 cup flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/3 cup pumpkin seeds , chopped

cream shortening and sugar . add eggs , one at a time , beat well after
each . stir in pumpkin and milk . stir together dry ingredients . add to
pumpkin mixture . beat 1 minutes with electric mixer . stir in seeds .
bake in greased loaf pan at 350 f for 55-60 minutes . cool 10 minutes .
remove from pan . cool . wrap , store overnight . makes 1 .

yield : 1 servings




passover bagel

breads , kosher , passover

1 1/2 cup water
1/2 cup oil
2 cup matzo meal
4 eggs
2 tablespoon sugar
1 salt

boil water and oil together and pour hot mixture into matzo meal . add
sugar and salt and let stand until cool . beat the eggs and pour over
mixture . mix well and let stand until hardened . make round balls in
hand . bress finger into center to make hole . bake on greased tin in
moderate oven about 350 f. until light brown .

yield : 1 servings




banana bread ii

breads

1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel ( optional )
1/4 cup ground almonds ( optional )
1/2 cup butter or margarine
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup mashed banana ( 4 medium )

1.preheat oven to 350 f. grease 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . 2.sift
flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , ginger , allspice and
nutmeg together in bowl . add lemon peel and almonds . stir until
combined . set aside . 3.beat butter in large mixing bowl until soft
amd creamy . beat in sugar until light and fluffy . add eggs and beat
until thoroughly blended .
beat in flour mixture alternately with bananas until mixture is
well blended . pour into prepared pan . 4.bake in center of oven 1
hour to 1 hour 5 minutes , or until toothpick inserted in center comes
out clean . 5 . cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes . invert from pan
and cool completely on rack . variation : banana-walnut or -pecan
bread : omit almonds . add 3/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts or pecans
with bananas .

yield : 1 loaf




banana nut bread - pjxg05a

breads , gift , quick bread , nuts

3/4 cup margarine ; or butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs ; separated
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 over-ripe bananas
1 cup pecans ; chopped
2 cup all-purpose flour

cream margarine and sugar ; add egg yolks ( only ) and salt . add flour
and blend . combine soda with the mashed bananas . fold in well-beaten
egg whites . add nuts . pour into 2 small or 1 large greased loaf pans .
bake at 350 degreees for 30 to 40 minutes or until toothpick inserted
in center comes out clean . source : greenville , sc jr. league cookbook
judy garnett

yield : 8 servings




crumpets

breads , british

1 pkg active dry yeast warm water ( 105 to ; 115f )
1/2 cup milk ; lukewarm - ( scalded , then
1 tablespoon margarine or butter
1 teaspoon sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 cup flour

dissolve yeast in warm water in medium bowl . stir in remaining
ingredients . beat until smooth . cover and let rise in warm place
until double , 40 to 60 minutes . grease griddle or heavy skillet and
insides of four to six 3-inch flan rings or crumpet rings . ( see
note ) . place rings on griddle over medium heat until hot . pour about
2 tablespoons batter into each ring . cook until tops form bubbles and
bottoms are golden brown , 1 to 2 minutes . remove rings and turn
crumpets to brown other side , 1 to 2 minutes . repeat with remaining
batter , greasing insides of rings each time . serve with margarine or
butter and jam or marmalade if desired . note : 6 1/2 ounce tuna ,
minced clam or shrimp cans , tops and bottoms removed , can be
substituted for the flan rings .

yield : 12 servings




injera ( flat bread )

breads , ethnic , african

4 cup self-rising flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup club soda

combine flours and baking powder in a bowl . add club soda plus
about 4 cups water . mix into a smooth , fairly thin batter . heat a
large , non-stick skillet . when a drop of water bounces on the pan 's
surface , dip enough batter from the bowl to cover the bottom of the
skillet , and pour it in quickly , all at once . swirl the pan so that
the entire bottom is evenly coated , then set it back on the heat .
when the moisture has evaporated and small holes appear on the
surface , remove the injera . it should be cooken only on one side , and
not too browned . if your first one is a little pasty and undercooked ,
you may need to cook a little longer or to make the next one
thinner . but , as with french crepes , be careful not to cook them too
long , or you 'll have a crisp bread that may be tasty but wo n't fold
around bits of stew . stack the injera one on top of the other as you
cook , covering with a clean cloth to prevent their drying out .

yield : 8 servings




carrot-walnut bread

breads , vegetables , nuts

1 1/2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup cooking oil
1 1/2 cup carrots ; pared , shredded
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg ; ground
1 cup sugar
2 each eggs ; lg
1/2 cup walnuts ; chopped

sift the flour , baking soda , cinnamon , nutmeg and salt together in a
small bowl and set aside . combine the sugar , oil and eggs in a
mixing bowl . beat , with an electric mixer set on medium speed , for 2
minutes .
add the dry ingredients , stirring just until moistened . stir in the
carrots and walnuts . pour the batter into a greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch
loaf pan and bake , in a preheated 350 degree f. oven for 1 hour or
until a cake tester or wooden pick inserted in the center comes out
clean . cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes , remove from the
pan and finish cooling on the wire rack .

yield : 4 servings




kc 's sopapillas

breads , mexican

4 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon lard or oleo
1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 1/4 cup scalded milk , apx .
1 quart oil for deep frying
1 honey

combine first 3 ingredients , cut in shortening until
crumbly . dissolve yeast in warm water , add milk ( at
room temperature ) . make a well in the center of the
flour , add liquid and work into a soft dough . add more
liquid , if necessary , in small amounts , to form a firm
and springy dough that holds it shape .

turn out onto a floured surface . knead 15-20 times .
cover with a bowl and let rest for 10 minutes . heat
oil to apx . 400 degress . work 1/4 of dough at a time .
roll to 1/4 `` thickness . cut into 3 '' to 4 '' squares or
triangles . slightly stretch each piece . drop into the
oil , 2 at a time , top side down . hold down in the oil ,
gently pressing around the edges , not the middle . when
lightly browned and puffy , remove to paper towels and
drain . serve still warm and drizzle with honey .

yield : 3 dozen




grenadine slices

breads

1 portion four-way sweet 1/2 cup gren ; adine syrup

*use grated raw potato starter

bread dough 1 cup grape-nuts cereal

as soon as the bread dough has started to rise mix the syrup and
grape-nuts together so that the cereal will have time to soak up all
the syrup . roll the dough out quite thin to about 20 x 10 inches . cut
in two crosswise . spread filling thinly over the surface leaving a
2-inch strip along one side of each square . fold over this bare strip
onto filling and continue folding until a flat roll is formed . lay
both rolls lengthwise on 10 x 15 inch cookie sheet with seam on
underside . flatten them by rolling with the pin until they are about
3-1/2 inches wide and as long as the pan . do this gently so that the
filling does not break through . brush tops with soft butter . let
stand in warm place until light . bake in oven preheated to 325 about
45 minutes until the crust has a beautiful bisque tint . glaze while
still warm with a powdered sugar and white wine frosting . if
available , decorate with a row of candy raspberries down the center
of each roll so that there will be one on each 1- 1/2 inch to 2 inch
slice . ( if rolls are to be frozen for later use wait until they have
been thawed and warmed to glaze and decorate . )

white wine frosting : 2 tbsp . soft butter 2 tbsp . white wine 1 1/2 cup
powdered sugar 3 drops waldmeister essence* and a drop or tow of green
coloring or 1/4 tsp . rose extract and a drop or two of red coloring

beat butter , wine and sugar together until smooth . add preferred
flavoring and carefully add the coloring for a very delicate tint .

*lekvar-by-the-barrel 1577 first avenue new york , n.y .
10028 ( catalog )

from : breads and coffee cakes with homemade starters shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 6 servings




maple syrup & brown sugar banana bread

breads

-- -- lisa crawley tspn00b -- --
1 cup brown sugar ; dk or light
1/2 cup margarine
2 eggs ; unbeaten
1 cup ripe bananas ; mashed
1/8 cup maple syrup
1/8 cup milk
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt

cream sugar with butter . add and mix the next 3 ingred . sift and add
the dry ingred . and mix thoroughly . put mixture in 6x10 greased loaf
pan . bake 40-45 min . in 350 oven . sift some confectioners ' sugar on
bread when cooled .

yield : 1 servings




morning glory muffins

breads , breakfast

4 cup flour
2 1/2 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking soda
4 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
4 cup grated carrots
1 cup raisins
1 cup pecans ; chopped ( or walnuts )
1 cup coconut
2 apples ; pared and grated
6 large eggs
2 cup vegetable oil
4 teaspoon vanilla

preheat oven to 350 degrees . sift dry ingredients together . stir
in carrots , raisins , pecans , coconut and apple . beat together eggs ,
oil and vanilla . stir into flour mixture until blended . spoon
batter into well-greased muffing cups , fill to top ; bake for 35
minutes . let cool in tins on rack for 5 minutes . makes 30 large
muffins .

note : this is a quantity recipe . cut recipe in half and it will make
approximately forty 2-inch muffins . freezes well .

from theatrical seasonings encore ! received in the jan '93 swap from
teresa in syracuse , ny .
( recipe from the morning glory cafe in nantucket . )

formatted for mm by pegg seevers

yield : 30 muffins




crostini

breads , italian

1 ( 1-pound ) loaf of italian bread
2 cloves of garlic , halved
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon dries rosemary , crushed

crostini

cut bread into 22 slices ( 1/2-inch thick ) ; arrange in a single layer
on a baking sheet . rub garlic on one side of each piece of bread ;
brush with olive and sprinkle with rosemary . discard garlic . bake
bread at 350 for 10 min . on each side until lightly brown . let cool
before serving . yield : 22 servings ( about 68 calories per slice )

yield : 2 servings




homemade pan bread with fresh herbs

breads , italian , spices

2 cup warm water
1 tablespoon dry yeast
3 tablespoon sugar
6 cup to 7 c all purpose flour
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon dry italian seasonings
2 tablespoon minced fresh garlic
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves
2 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano

from sheryl benesch , korbel champagne cellars .

this pan bread has an italian heritage . it does not need butter and
is best eaten shortly after it has emerged from the oven . it is
excellent with vegetable soups .

combine the waterm , yeast , sugar , and approximately 2 cups of the
flour to make a thick paste . mix thoroughly and let stand a few
minutes until bubbles rise to the surface .

combine the salt with the remaining flour ; add gradually to the yeast
mixture , until it will absorb no more flour . knead the dough until the
texture is smooth and not sticky to the touch ; about 5 to 10 minutes .
place the dough in an oiled bowl and let it rise in a warm place
until it has doubled in bulk . punch dough down , place on a lightly
floured surface , and knead for another minute . let dough rest for 5 to
10 minutes .

brush a 9 x 13 inch sheet pan with 1/3 of the olive oil . sprinkle the
pan with 1/2 tablespoon of the dry italian seasonings and 1
tablespoon of garlic . roll the bread dough out to line the pan .

lay the dough into the pan , brush with the remaining olive oil ,
sprinkle with the remaining garlic and italian seasonings , and then
the fresh herbs . ( at this point the bread may be prepared a day ahead
and kept in the refrigerator , on the prepared pan , to rise . )

let the dough rise for about 45 minutes to 1 hour . bake in a
preheated 350 degrees f oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden
brown .

serves 8 to 12 .

from : serve with champagne by hilde gabriel lee with allen lee , ten
speed press , berkeley . 1988 . isbn 0-89815-274-7 shared by : karin
brewer , cooking echo , 4/93

yield : 8 servings




red lobster cheese bicsuits ( mine )

breads , quick bread

2 cup bisquick
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup cheddar cheese , shredded
1/4 cup butter , melted
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder

heat oven to 450~ .

mix baking mix , milk and cheese until a soft dough forms . beat
vigorously 30 seconds .

drop dough by spoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet .

bake 8-10 minutes or until golden brown .

mix butter and garlic powder . brush over the warm biscuits before
removing from sheet .

serve warm .

10-12 biscuits .

altitudes from 3500 to 6500 . heat oven to 475 .

yield : 12 servings




onion puffs

appetizers , breads , cheese/eggs

1 loaf bread , white or rye
8 oz cream cheese
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup cheese , parmesan
1 1/2 tablespoon onion , grated or minced
1 1/2 tablespoon chives ; chopped
1 salt
1 pepper

cut slices of bread into circles with a donut cutter/cookie cutter .
place circles on cookie sheet .
place in 250-deg . oen or let stand on cupboard to dry . mix cream
cheese with mayonnaise and add remaining ingrdients . spread over
bread circles .
( mm 'd by nancy hagfors - n.hagfors/genie )

yield : 1 recipe




soft & moist nut bread

breads

1/4 cup water
3/4 cup cottage cheese
3/4 cup sour cream
3 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon butter
2 1/2 cup white bread flour
2 teaspoon yeast
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup broken walnuts
1/3 cup quick cooking oats
1/2 cup raisins
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon

heat first 5 ingredients till lukewarm . put remaining ingredients in
pan , add warmed ingredients , and press start . this is a wonderful
bread .

food & wine rt [ * ] category 14 , topic 2 message 348 sat jan 02 , 1993
p.seevers3 [ pegg ] at 21:54 est

mm by qbtomm and sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 ,
gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 8 servings




pineapple spice loaf

breads , desserts , fruits , quick bread

2 cup flour -- sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 eggs
1 can crushed pineapple in juice
8 ounce

into large bowl , sift together first 6 ingredients . stir in brown
sugar , set aside . in small bowl , mix oil , vanilla and eggs until well
blended . stir in undrained pineapple . add to dry ingredients ; stir
just until moistened . poour batter into greased 9x5x3 loaf pan . bake
in 350 degree oven 55 to 60 minutes , or until loaf is golden brown
and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . cool in pan 10
minutes . remove ; cool on rack . makes 1 loaf .

recipe by : farm journal 's homemade breads

yield : 1 servings




blushing tomato bread

breads

1/2 cup warm water
1/4 cup plus 1 tsp sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup tomato juice , warmed
6 cup unsifted flour
1/4 cup butter or margarine , softened
1 teaspoon salt

in small bowl , combine water , 1 tsp sugar , ginger and yeast . let
stand let stand until bubbly . in large bowl , combine tomato juice ,
1/4 cup sugar and 2 cups flour . add yeast mixture , beat well . stir in
butter and salt . add 3 cups flour ; stir until thoroughly blended .
stir in remaining flour .

turn dough onto well-floured board ; knead until smooth and satiny .
return dough on bowl ; brush top with butter . cover and let rise 30 to
40 minutes or until doubled . punch down ; divide in half . shape into
two 14 '' loaves .

place on greased baking sheets . cut diagonal slashes on top . brush
with butter ; cover and let rise again until doubled in size . preheat
oven to 350 degrees . bake 40 to 50 minutes or until lightly browned .
transfer loaves to wire racks . cool . makes 2 loaves .

yield : 2 servings




cornmeal hoecake

breads , breakfast

2 cup sifted corn meal
1 ; water , cold , to mix
1/2 teaspoon salt

mix meal with water sufficient to handle . let stand a few minutes to
see if more water is needed to spread . have a heavy griddle greased
and hot , pour on the mixture and pat out into a round cake , having
about one-half inch thick ; reduce fire and let brown , turn and brown
other side . cook altogether about thirty minutes . serve hot with
butter .
mrs. s. r. dull , 1928
southern cooking
grosset & dunlap , new york

yield : 6 servings




crusty country bread

breads

1 envelope dry yeast
1/3 cup warm water ( 105-115 f )
4 cup hard wheat white flour
2 teaspoon sugar ( optional )
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup warm water ( 120-130 f )

makes 2 baguettes or 1 long or round loaf

lightly grease large bowl ; set aside .

stir yeast into 1/3 cup water and let stand until mixture bubbles ,
about 5 to 7 minutes . combine with flour in mixing bowl . begin
beating , adding sugar , salt and remaining water , and continue beating
until well mixed .

turn dough out onto lightly floured board and knead until smooth and
elastic , about 5 minutes . place in greased bowl , turning to coat
entire surface . cover with plastic wrap and hot , damp towel and let
stand in warm place until almost tripled in volume . when dough has
risen , transfer to board , punch down and knead about 2 minutes to
eliminate any air bubbles . return to bowl , cover and let rise again
until at least doubled .

preheat oven to 425 f. grease baking sheet . on lightly floured
board , punch dough down , roll into oval , then form into desired
shape . make several slashes diagonally across top with knife or
scissors . place on baking sheet and let rise until loaf is doubled .
bake 30 minutes . reduce heat to 375 f and bake 5 to 10 minutes more
for baguettes , or 15 minutes for single loaf , until golden brown and
bread gives hollow sound when tapped on bottom . cool on rack .

bon appetit

yield : 2 servings




banana muffins

breads

2 cup sifted flour
2 teaspoon backing soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 tablespoon sugar
1 each beaten egg
1 cup milk
3 tablespoon oil
3/4 cup mashed bananas .

in a bowl combine flour , baking powder , soda , salt and sugar.in another
bowl combine egg , milkand oil.add egg mixture to flour mixture.blend in
bananas.grease 2 muffin tins liberally.pour in batter to fill 2/3 of
each cup.bake at 375 c for 35 minutes.use a toothpick to test for
doneness.remove tins to rack.let stand for 5 min.with a greased knife
cut around each cup.invert tap to remove muffins . serve immediatly
with softened butter . ****serves 6 *****

yield : 6 servings




beignets

breads

1 pkg yeast
3 tablespoon ; water , warm
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg ; beaten
3 cup flour ; divided
1 oil
1 sugar , confectioners ; sifted

proof the yeast . scald the milk ; stir in the sugar , shortening , and
salt . cook the mixture to the 105 to 115 degree range . add milk
mixture , egg , and 2 cups flour to the yeast mixture , mixing well .
gradually stir in enough remaining flour to make a soft dough . turn
the dough out onto a floured surface , and knead until smooth and
elastic ( 8 to 10 minutes ) . place in a well-greased bowl , turning to
grease the top . cover and let rise about 1 hour , or until doubled .
punch dough down ; turn out onto a lightly floured surface . roll dough
into a 12 '' x 10 '' rectangle ; cut into 2 '' squares . place on a floured
surface ; cover and let rise in a warm place 30 minutes or until
doubled in bulk .

heat 3 '' to 4 '' of oil to 375 degrees ; drop in 3 to 4 beignets at a
time . cook 1 minute on each side or until golden . drain on paper
towels , and sprinkle with powdered sugar .

yield : 30 servings




cranberry fruit & nut bread

breads , fruits , holiday , gift , cranberry

3/4 cup butter or margarine , softened
1 1/2 cup sugar
3 eggs
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg , ground
1 1/2 cup commercial sour cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup cranberries , chopped
1/2 cup pecans , chopped
1/2 cup golden raisins
1/3 cup apricots , dried , chopped
1 pecan halves
1 whole cranberries
1 cup powdered sugar , sifted

1 1/2-2 tb milk

cream butter in a large mixing bowl ; gradually add sugar , beating
well . add eggs one at a time , beating well after each addition .
combine flour , baking powder , soda , salt , and nutmeg ; add to creamed
mixture alternately with sour cream , beginning and ending with flour
mixture . mix just until blended after each adddition stir in vanilla .
fold in cranberries , chopped pecans , raisins , and apricots.. pour
batter into 2 greased and floured 8-1/2 x 4- 1/2 x 3-inch loafpans ;
arrange pecan halves on top . bake at 35 degrees f. for 55 to 60
minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out
clean . cool in pans 10 minutes ; remove from pans , and cool
completely . arrange whole cranberries on loaf . combine powdered sugar
and milk , mixing well ; drizzle over loaves .

yield : 2 loaves .

recipe from : creative ideas for living magazine , december 1984

yield : 6 servings




my volkornbrot

breads , german

-- -- mm by h. peagram -- --
3 cup 5 or 7 grain cereal
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup molasses
3 cup hot water

combine dry ingredients . stir molasses and hot water into dry
ingredients . let stand overnight . turn mixture into small loaf pan .
cover pan tightly with aluminum foil . bake at 275 for 3 hours . cool
in pan . wrap and keep in frig . keeps 2 weeks.. does not freeze well .

yield : 5 servings




banana-pineapple bread

breads

1 cup chopped nuts
2 1/2 cup sugar
5 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 cup vegetable oil
3 eggs
3 bananas , mashed
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 can crushed pineapple , drained

mix together dry ingredients . mix together liquid ingredients ;
combine . bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour .

yield : 2 loaves




corn bread 08/92

breads , desserts

1 cup cornmeal
1 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoon canola oil
2 each egg whites
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup skim milk

heat oven to 400 . combine dry ingredients in bowl amd mix well . beat
oil , egg whites amd milk together . mix with dry ingredients until
just blended . pour into lightly oiled 8-by-8 '' pan . bake 15 minutes or
until done . ~ -- 2 '' x4 '' piece 180 cal.,4.7 gm pro.,27.6 gm carb.,5.5 gm
fat , .9 csi units,1.6 gm dietary fiber,154 mg sodium,97 mg pot,121 mg
cal.,1.2 mg iron

yield : 8 servings




massa sovada ( portuguese sweet bread )

breads , portuguese

2 pkg yeast , dry
1/4 cup ; water , lukewarm
1 cup milk ; scalded
1 cup sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 cup flour
4 egg

preheat oven to 350 degrees .

dissolve yeast in warm water . scald milk and add to sugar , butter and
salt ; stir until butter is melted . mix cinnamon and flour . add 1/2 the
flour to the milk/sugar/butter/salt , and mix until smooth . beat 3
eggs and add them and the yeast to the mixture .

continue to add remaining flour to make soft dough . remove it from
the bowl and place on floured board . knead until smooth and satiny
( about 15 mins. ) . shape into a ball and place in buttered bowl . cover
and let rise until double in size ( 2-1/2 to 3 hours ) .

punch risen dough down and divide it in half . place in two greased
pans ( 8 inches round ) . let rise in warm place until double in size
( 1-1/2 to 2 hours ) . brush tops of dough with remaining egg ( beaten ) .

bake in 350 degree oven for 20-30 minutes or until golden brown . cool
on wire racks .

yield : 24 servings




cheese bread

appetizers , breads

1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese
1/3 cup mayonnaise ( best foods )
1 french bread

in a small mixing bowl combine parmesan cheese and mayonnaise . stir in
snipped chives or parsley , if desired . set aside . slice french bread
lengthwise or into slices . if using sliced bread , place bread on the
rack of broiler pan . broil 3 to 4 inches from heat about 1 minute or
till toasted . turn bread over . spread some of the cheese-mayonnaise
mixture on the untoasted/cut side of the bread . broil , 3 to 4 inches
from heat for 2 to 3 minutes or till light brown .

yield : 4 servings




ting a lings

desserts , biscuits , snacks

6 oz chocolate chips
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup cornflakes
1/2 cup chopped filberts
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup coconut
1/4 cup chopped dates or dried fruit

melt the chocolate over hot ( not boiling ) water in a double boiler .
add the remaining ingredients . mix well and drop by spoonfuls onto
waxed paper . allow to harden before serving . from : syd 's cookbook .

yield : 1 servings




honey tea bread

breads , quick bread

1 cup milk
1 cup honey
4 tablespoon butter
2 eggs , lightly beaten
1 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/4 cup white flour
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

fat grams per serving : approx . cook time : 80min in a
heavy bottomed saucepan , combine milk and honey and heat , stirring
until well blended . cut the butter into small pieces and add to milk
mixture , stir until butter has melted . stir in flours , salt and
baking powder . fold in the nuts .

pour into a well-buttered and floured loaf pan or several small loaf
pans ( fill a little over half full ) . bake in a preheated 325f oven ,
1 hour 20 minutes for large loaf and about 45 minutes for the smaller
ones , or until a cake tester comes out clean . cool 15 minutes before
removing from pan . cool completely before slicing . source : bread book

yield : 12 servings




whipped cream biscuits

breads

2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup heavy cream - whipped

sift dry ingredients and add to whipped cream . roll 1/2-inch thick
and cut with biscuit cutter . bake in moderate oven 15 minutes . yield :
18 note : moderate oven 350 - 400 f .

yield : 1 servings




canadian lemon bread

breads , breakfast

1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup sugar
1 each lemon ( large )
2 each eggs , beaten
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup nuts , chopped ( optional )
1/4 cup confectioners ' sugar

cream together butter and sugar until fluffy . grate peel from lemon
and add to creamed mixture . squeeze juice from lemon and set aside .
add eggs , flour , baking powder , salt and milk to creamed mixture and
blend well . stir in nuts.
turn batter into greased 9x5-inch loaf pan and bake at 350 degrees one
hour . combine lemon juice and confectioners ' sugar and mix well . pour
over hot loaf and allow syrup to sink into bread . turn loaf out onto
a rack and cool .

yield : 6 servings




golden spoon bread

breads , cheese , quick bread

10 oz cheddar ; sharp , grated
2 cup milk
4 each egg yolks ; lg
1 cup corn meal ; yellow
1/4 cup butter
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 each egg whites ; lg

thoroughly grease a 1 1/2-quart casserole dish . place the cheddar in
a small bowl and set aside . scald the milk in the top of a double
boiler . meanwhile beat the egg yolks until thick and lemon-colored
then set them aside . when the milk is scalded , add the corn meal
very gradually , stirring constantly . stir until the mixture thickens
and becomes smooth . remove the top of the double boiler from the
simmering water and gradually add the beaten egg yolks , stirring
constantly . mix in the grated cheese , butter , sugar and salt . beat
the egg whites , in a small bowl , until round peaks are formed .
gently spread the beaten egg whites over the corn meal mixture then
carefully fold together until just blended . turn the mixture into
the greased casserole dish . bake at 375 degrees f. for 35 to 40
minutes or until a wooden pick or cake tester comes out clean when
inserted in the center of the dish . serve piping hot with butter and
maple syrup or honey .

yield : 6 servings




whole wheat orange anise bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon orange zest
1 1/2 teaspoon anise
1/2 cup orange juice
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon dry yeast

bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except liquids
and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close cover
and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat bake
mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




everybody 's favorite carrot-peanut butter bre

breads

1 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
1/2 cup peanut butter , chunky style
1/2 cup peanut oil
2 eggs
2 cup carrots , peeled , shredded
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 3/4 cup flour , enriched
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup milk

1 . preheat oven to 350'f .

2 . grease 1 loaf pan 9x3x2 '' . cream together sugar , peanut butter ,
peanut oil , and eggs ; add carrots and vanilla . blend flour , baking
powder , baking soda , salt , allspice , and nutmeg . alternately add
flour mixture and milk to creamed mixture . turn into prepared pan and
bake in preheated oven for 70 minutes . cool 10 minutes in pan , remove
from pan , and cool on rack .

yield : 1 servings




yavapai sunflower bread

breads

1/4 cup honey
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter ; softened
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 egg ; beaten
1 cup milk
1 cup flour , whole wheat
1 1/2 cup sunflower seeds , ground shell & mea ; t or meat only
1/2 cup sunflower meats ; whole or coarsely chopped

beat the honey and butter together , then beat in the eggs . combine the
flour , baking powder , salt and ground seeds , adding to the
honey-butter mixture alternately with the milk . fold in the whole
sunflower seeds . pour the batter into a greased loaf pan and bake one
hour at 325 f. cool on a rack . this bread slices better when cool .

yield : 1 loaf




molasses & ginger scones

breads

1 7/8 cup whole wheat flour ; -or-
2 cup unbleached white
2 tablespoon brown sugar , firmly packed
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ginger
4 tablespoon butter ; cut into bits
1 large egg ; beaten
2 tablespoon molasses
1/2 cup lowfat yogurt
1/4 cup raisins

preheat oven to 425f . line a cookie sheet with parchment . using a
wooden spoon , mix the flour , sugar , baking soda and powder and ginger
together . stir in the butter , then the egg , followed by the molasses ,
yogurt and raisins . mix until too thick to stir . flour a flat surface
and turn the dough onto it . form the dough into a ball and knead
until it holds together nicely , adding flour if the dough sticks to
your hands . the dough should be slightly tacky . pat the ball down to
1/2-inch thickness , and cut hearts from it . place the hearts on the
cookie sheet and bake until golden brown and firm , about 15 minutes .
serve with jam and tea . makes 6 large heart-shaped scones .

yield : 6 servings




oi naani ( uzbek home style bread )

breads , ethnic

3 1/2 cup flour ( add up to 1/2 cup more if ne ; eded )
1 teaspoon salt
1 pkg yeast
1 1/2 cup milk
1 egg ( beaten )

from the kitchen of : gary & margie hartford [ eugene or ] yield 6 flat
loaves

combine 1 cup flour , salt and yeast in a large bowl . heat milk to hot
( 125 to 130 degrees ) in saucepan , then stir into flour . add enough
flour to make moderately stiff dough , two and a half to three cups .
knead 10 minutes . let rise , covered in a warm place until doubled in
bulk , about 2 hours .

punch risen dough down and divide into 6 balls . on 3 lightly greased
baking sheets , flatten balls with hands into round pizza shapes 7 or
8 inches in diameter and 1/4 inch thick in center , with 1 inch wide
raised edges about 1 inch thick . using ice pick or head of brad ,
cover flat center of bread with decorative holes in concentric
circles . cover loaves in cloth and let stand 10 minutes .

brush loaves with beaten egg . bake at 400 degrees until browned , 15
to 20 minutes .

each loaf contains ( approx ) : 311 calories , 436 mg sodium , 40 mg
cholesterol , 3 gram fat , 59 grams carbohydrates , 11 grams protein ,
0.18 gram fiber .

from the register guard , 9/2/1992 , by charles perry ( la times )

yield : 6 servings




cinnamon swirl bread pudding

breads

8 bread , cinnamon swirl , cut
1 into cubes ( slices )
1 gelatine , unflavored ( envel )
1/4 cup milk , skim , cold
1/2 cup milk , skim , heated to boil
8 oz cheese , cottage
1/2 cup egg substitute
1/2 cup sugar , brown

in shallow 2-quart casserole , evenly spread bread cubes ; set aside .

in blender , sprinkle unflavored gelatine over cold milk ; let stand 2
minutes . add hot milk and process at low speed until gelatine is
completely dissolved , about 2 minutes . add cottage cheese , egg
substitute and brown sugar ; process at high speed until thoroughly
blended . pour into prepared casserole ; toss bread cubes until coated .
chill until firm , about 2 hours .

yield : 8 servings




grape muffins

breads , quick & easy

1 cup am blue cornmeal
1 cup am whole wheat pastry flour
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup chopped nuts
1 egg ; beaten or egg replacer
1 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil
3 tablespoon natural sweetener
1/4 cup plain yogurt
1 1/4 cup grape juice
1 teaspoon lemon extract

combine dry ingredients , and mix in nuts . in a separate bowl , mix
liquid together , then combine with dry ingredients . batter will seem
thin but it will thicken . pour batter into 12 oiled muffin tins , 2/3
full . bake at 425 f. for 15 minutes . cool before serving . this
recipe can also be used to make pancakes .

source : arrowhead mills `` blue cornmeal recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




red lobster inspired garlic cheese biscuits

breads

1 cup milk
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon sugar**
2 cup self-rising flour*
1/4 cup kraft american cheese**
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder -- not salt
3 tablespoon melted butter or margarine
1 muffin paper liners

*you may use all-purpose ( regular ) flour , however biscuits will not
rise much and have a denser texture ; flavors should be about
identical . **can substitute 3 packets of sweet & low for the sugar .
use the cheese in the gold cardboard container . original recipe does
not say , but i would think you will want to shred it .

in a 1 1/2 qt mixing bowl combine the milk , mayo , sugar , and flour .
beat on high speed with electric mixer for almost a minute , until
smooth and completely combined . using a rubber bowl scraper , streak
the dough with the cheese . batter should not be thin enough to pour ;
if necessary , add only enough additional flour so batter will `` drop ''
from spoon . drop batter into 10 paper-lined muffin tins , or a greater
number of tiny muffin cups . ( muffins tend to triple in size when
baked ; fill lightly . ) melt butter ; mix in garlic , and brush tops of
dough . you may shake 1 tsp additional cheese on each muffin if you
wish . bake for 25-30 minutes , or until golden . cool in pan on rack
for 30 minutes .

these definitely should be served freshly baked and hot .

recipe from b.overton , ct ; formatted for mm by lynne sammon
( kakeladi ) , visalia , ca 5/95

recipe by :

yield : 10 servings




sheepherder bread

breads

1 1/2 cup active sourdough starter
4 cup unbleached flour
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon shortening , melted
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda

into a large bowl , sift the dry ingredients , and dig a well in the
center of the sourdough starter . blend the dry mix into the starter
from the edges with enough flour to knead until smooth and shiny .
place in greased bowl and let rise until almost double . shape into 2
loaves and place in greased bread pans . bake at 375 degrees f until
done .

yield : 18 servings




irish soda bread ( davidson )

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup butter , sweet
1 cup raisins
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 large egg
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup sour cream

preheat the oven to 350 f. butter a 9 '' round cake pan . sift together
the dry ingredients . using a food processor with the steel blade or
a pastry cutter , cut the butter into the flour mixture until it
resembles small peas . blend in the raisins and caraway seeds . beat
the egg , buttermilk , and sour cream together until blended .

stir the egg mixture into the dry mixture until just blended .
transfer the batter to the pan and bake for about 50 to 55 minutes ,
until a tooth- pick tests clean .

-- -*the cereal murders*
diane mott davidson

yield : 1 loaf




vermont cheddar & maple crackers

appetizers , breads

2 cup shredded sharp cheddar
2 1/2 oz chopped pecan pieces
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon worcestershire sauce
36 whole-grain crackers

mix the cheese , pecans , mayonnaise , maple syrup and worcestershire
sauce together in a medium-sized bowl . spread the mixture by rounded
teaspoonfuls evenly on the crackers . place the crackers on a flat pan
or cookie sheet and run it under the broiler until the cheese is
melted and bubbling . transfer the crackers to a plate and serve at
once . makes 3 dozen puffs .

yield : 8 servings




water bagels

breads , jewish

1 1/2 cup warm water
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg cake yeast
1 gal water
4 1/2 cup flour

pour enough warm water in a large bowl . dissolve yeast , then add
sugar , salt and enough flour to make a soft dough . knead for 10
minutes . let rise for 15 minutes . flatten on a floured surface and
roll to 1 inch thick . cut into strips 12 inches by 1 inch .

roll each strip to 1/2 '' thick and cut in half . pinch ends together
and seal to form a circle . cover and let rise for 20 mintes . preheat
oven to 375f . put a little salt and sugar into the gallon of water
and bring to a boil . boil 4 bagels at a time for 7 minutes per batch ,
turning over halfway through the cooking . remove with slotted spoon ,
and plae on an ungreased baking sheet .

sprinkle with poppy seeds , garlic , coarse salt , or chopped dried
onion if desired . bake at 375f for 30 minutes .

source : the joys of jewish cooking . posted by joyce kohl , kook-net
hub , scottsdale , az

yield : 20 servings




banana bread # 4

breads

1 3/4 cup unbleached flour
2 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup shortening
2/3 cup sugar
2 eggs
4 bananas very ripe , mashed
1/2 cup chopped pecans or walnuts optional

preheat oven to 350 degrees

sift together flour , baking powder , and salt . beat shortening in
mixer until creamy . add sugar and eggs , continue beating at medium
speed one minute . add bananas to egg mixture . mix until blended . add
flour mixture , beating at low speed only until blended . turn into
buttered loaf pan and bake for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in
center of loaf comes out clean .

notes : substitute cream cheese for shortening . for spicy version ,
add 1/2 tsp cinnamon , 1/4 tsp mace and 1/4 tsp nutmeg to flour
mixture .

recipe by : marge clark serving size : 10

* the polka dot palace bbs 1-201-822-3627 . posted by faylen

yield : 1 servings




chedder cheese casserole bread

breads

1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup warm water
1 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm milk
2 tablespoon butter
1 each egg beaten
4 cup flour
2 cup shredded sharp chedder
1 tablespoon salt

dissolve sugar in warm water in large mixer bowl . sprinkle in yeast .
let stand 10 minutes , then stir well . stir in warm milk , butter and
beaten egg . combine 2 cups flour , cheese and salt . stir well to
blend . add flour cheese mixture and beat with electric mixer on
medium speed for 5 minutes . add remaining flour , beating well with
wooden spoon . cover and let rise in warm place until doubled ( about
45 minutes ) . stir down and turn into two well greased 1 quart
casseroles . let rise until doubled ( about 30 minutes ) . bake at 375
degrees for 30-40 minutes . remove from casseroles immediately and
cool on wire racks . makes 2 round loaves .

yield : 2 servings




khoubz araby ( arab bread )

breads , bakery

2 3/4 cup lukewarm water
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 pinch sugar
8 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup olive oil
1 cup cornmeal

pour 1/4 cup of lukewarm water into a small bowl and
sprinkle it with the yeast and sugar . let the mixture
rest for 2 or 3 minutes , then stir to dissolve the
yeast completely . set the bowl in a warm , draft free
place ( such as a turned off oven ) for 5 minutes , or
until the mixture doubles in volume .
in a deep bowl , combine the flour and salt , make a
well in the center , and pour in the yeast mixture , the
olive oil and 2 cups of lukewarm water .
gently stir the center ingredients together , then
incorporate the flour and continue to beat until the
ingredients are well combined . add up to 1/2 cup more
lukewarm water , beating it in a tablespoon at a time ,
and using as much as necessary to from a dough that
can be gathered into a compact ball . if the dough is
difficult to stir , work in the water with your fingers .
place the dough on a lightly floured surface and knead
by pressing it down , pushing it forward several times
with the heel of your hand and folding it back on
itself . repeat for 20 minutes , or until the dough is
smooth and elastic . shape the dough into a ball and
place it in a lightly oiled bowl . drape loosely with
a towel and set aside in the warm place for 45
minutes , or until the dough doubles in bulk . punch it
down with a blow of your fist and divide it into 8
equal pieces . roll each piece into a ball about 2 1/2
inches in diameter , cover the balls with a towel and
let them rest for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 500
degrees ( f ) . sprinkle 2 large baking sheets with 1/2
cup of the cornmeal or flour . on a lightly floured
surface , roll 4 of the balls into round loaves each
about 8 inches in diameter and no more than 1/8 inch
thick . arrange them 2 to 3 inches apart on the baking
sheets , cover with towels and allow them to rest for
30 minutes . if you have a gas oven , bake the bread on
the flour of the oven for 5 minutes , then transfer the
loaves to a shelf 3 or 4 inches above the oven floor
and continue baking for 5 minutes , or until they puff
up in the center and are a delicate brown . if your
oven is electric , bake the bread on the lowest shelf
for 5 minutes , then raise it 3 or 4 inches and
continue baking until the breads are puffed and
browned . remove the bread from the baking sheets , wrap
each loaf in foil , and set aside for 10 minutes .
sprinkle the pans with the remaining 1/2 cup of
cornmeal or flour and bake the remaining 4 loaves of
bread in a similar fashion .
when the loaves are unwrapped the tops will have
fallen and there will be a shallow pocket of air in
their centers . serve warm or at room temperature .

yield : 8 rd . loaves




spiced pecan drop biscuits

breads

2 3/4 cup unsifted all-purpose flour
1/4 cup unsifted cake flour
1 tablespoon baking pwdr .
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
3/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/4 cup ( +1 tb . ) granulated sugar
3/4 cup solid shortening
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
2/3 cup chopped pecans
2/3 cup dark raisins

preheat oven to 425 f . butter and flour a cookie sheet or jelly roll
pan . thoroughly mix flours , baking powder , baking soda , cream of
tartar , salt , cinnamon , nutmeg , ginger , allspice and sugar in a lge .
mixing bowl . add shortening and using two round-bladed kniver , cut
into small lumps .

with fingertips , reduce lumps to small bits , rubbing into flour
mixture . blend in buttermilk , pecans and raisins with a few quick
strokes . do not overmix -- biscuits will be tough .

drop heaping tablespoon mounds of dough onto baking pan , spacing abt .
2 '' apart . bake the biscuits for 15 minutes , or until firm and golden .
transfer the pan of biscuits to a rack to cool for min . serve
immediately , or cool completely and store in an airtight container in
refrigerator .

yield : 14 3 '' -biscuits .

yield : 14 servings




whole wheat & herb biscuits

breads

1 cup unbleached all purpose flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening
1/2 teaspoon dried sage
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1/4 teaspoon dried dill weed
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley
3/4 cup low-fat buttermilk
1 teaspoon honey

1 . sift together flours , baking powder , baking soda and salt into
large bowl . cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse meal .
stir in sage , thyme , oregano , dill and parsley .

2 . combine buttermilk and honey in small bowl and mix well . add to dry
ingredients and stir gently with fork until medium soft dough is
formed . turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and divide into 4
pieces . pat each into a round the size of squash top . use as
directed above . submitted by rhommel < rhommel @ ix.netcom.com > on sun ,
12 nov 1995 161619 ~0500

yield : 1 batch




jim 's buttermilk bread

breads

1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1/4 to 1/3 cup honey
2 cup buttermilk - room temperature
6 to 6 1/2 cups unbleached flour
2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon olive oil

makes two 8-inch loaves

make a sponge by dissolving the yeast in the warm water in a large
bowl . mix in the honey . add 1 cup of buttermilk . stir in 3 cups of
the flour , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and leave it in a warm
place for 15-20 minutes until it swells and bubbles on the top .

meanwhile dissolve the salt and add the olive oil , in the remaining
buttermilk . when the sponge is ready add this to it along with all
but 1/2 cup of the remaining flour . mix well until it becomes hard to
stir , then turn out on a floured working surface and knead , adding
more flour as necessary until the dough is smooth and resilient -
about 8-10 minutes .

clean out the bowl , oil or butter it , and return the dough , turning
to coat with grease . cover with plastic and leave to rise until
double in bulk , about
15 minutes or so .

turn the dough out , punch down , then form into two loaves . place in
greased bread pans , cover lightly with plastic , and let rise again ,
about 15 minutes . bake in a preheated 425 f oven 10 minutes , then
lower the heat to 350 f and continue to bake 30 minutes . cool on
racks .

from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 8 servings




yankee johnnycake

breads , quick bread , diabetic , breadmaker

1 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 cup cornmeal ; yellow
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 sugar substitute equivealent to 1 t ; ablespoon sugar
1 egg ; medium beaten
1 cup buttermilk , made from skim milk
3 tablespoon vegetable oil

preheat oven to 400 degrees . prepare an 8 '' by 8 '' by 2 '' pan with
vegetable oil coating . sift together all dry ingredients . combine
egg and buttermilk and add to dry ingredients all at once ; add oil .
stir ( do not beat ) just until dry ingredients are moistened . pour
into the prepared pan and bake 25-30 minutes . cut into 16 2-inch
squares .

food exchanges per serving : 1 starch exchanges + 1/2 fat exchange
cho : 13 ; pro : 2g ; fat : 3 ; cal : 91 ; low-sodium diets : omit salt

source : the art of cooking for the diabetic by mary abbott
hess , r.d. , m.s . and katharine middleton

brought to you and yours via nancy o'brion and her meal-master

yield : 16 servings




honey mustard bread

breads , pickles

1/2 cup water
1 1/2 cup white bread flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon dry milk
2 1/2 tablespoon honey
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup chicken broth ; low salt/can
1 2/3 tablespoon gourmet mustard ( dijon etc )
1 teaspoon chives ; ( dried )
2 teaspoon yeast

the chives give this bread a sweet taste and it is great for
sandwiches and even just toasted .

yield : 1 servings




candied orange rind bread

breads , fruits

4 each oranges ; md
1 cup sugar
6 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup butter or regular margarine
2 each eggs ; lg
1 cup water
4 cup unbleached flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
2 cup milk

thinly peel the oranges , using a vegetable peeler . cut the orange
rind into thin slivers . ( reserve the oranges for another use , or eat
them and enjoy . ) combine the orange rind and 1 cup of water in a 2
quart saucepan and bring to a boil , then reduce the heat , cover , and
simmer for 15 minutes or until the rind is tender . add the 1 cup of
sugar and continue cooking , uncovered , until the mixture is syrupy ,
about 15 minutes . cool to room temperature . meanwhile , sift the
flour , baking powder and salt together in a bowl and set aside .
cream the butter and 1/2 cup of sugar together until light and
fluffy , using a electric mixer set on medium . add the eggs and blend
well . blend in the cooled orange rind mixture . add the dry ingredients
alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture , beating well after
each addition . pour the batter into 2 greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf
pans . bake in a preheated 350 degree f. oven for 50 minutes or until
a cake tester or wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean .
cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to wire racks to
finish cooling . wrap in aluminum foil and let stand overnight before
slicing . this bread slices better when it has cooled for 24 hours .

yield : 10 servings




coffee oregon hazelnut scones

breads

1 cup roasted & chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ; hazelnuts )
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon instant coffee granules
2 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
8 tablespoon cold butter , cut up
1/3 cup packed brown sugar

measure milk and stir in instant coffee . put flour , baking powder and
salt into a large bowl ; stir to mix well . add butter and cut in with
a pastry blender or rub in with your fingers until the mixture looks
like fine granules . add sugar and hazelnuts ; toss to distribute
evenly . stir in milk mixture ; pour into the bowl and stir with a
wooden spoon until a soft dough forms . scoop 1/4 cup portions of
dough and place about 2 inches apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet .
bake at 425 for about 15 minutes or until the dough colors , but does
not get dark brown . put scones on a dish towel on a wire rack . cover
loosely with cloth and cool 1-2 hours before serving .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 1 batch




spoon bread

breads , midwestern , cornmeal

1 1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3 cup milk
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter
3 eggs , well beaten
2 teaspoon baking powder

heat milk in a saucepan . gradually stir in the cornmeal . let the mixture
come to a boil , stirring constantly , and cook until the mixture thickens .
remove from heat , add salt , butter and eggs , and stir well . stir in the
baking powder . pour into a greased 1.1/2 quart baking dish , and bake at 350
degrees for 30 minutes . top with butter . serve directly from the baking
dish or spoon into warmed dishes . serve in the place of potatoes , rice or
bread .

source : the midwestern country cookbook

from the cookie lady 's files

~end recipe export-

yield : 4 -6




jo goldenberg 's bagels

breads

3/4 pint warm water
2 envelopes dry yeast
1 1/2 oz sugar
1/2 oz salt
3 1/2 cup bread flour
2 quart boiling water
1 tablespoon sugar
1 egg white ; beaten
1 salt ; -=or=- sesame , poppy -=or

this is the bagel recipe taught at the new york cooking school .

preheat oven to 450f . mix yeast , 1 1/2 ounces sugar and warm water .
let stand 2-or-3 minutes . mix 2 cups flour and the salt and add to
the yeast mixture . add remaining 1 1/2 cups flour . knead for 5
minutes , adding flour if dough sticks to the table . bagel dough
should be firm . place dough in a clean , greased bowl . cover and let
rise until double . bring water to a boil and add 1 tablespoon sugar .
divide dough into 12 pieces and shape each into a ball . allow the
dough to relax 3-to-4 minutes . flatten with your palm . with your
thumb , press deep into the center of the bagel and tear open with
your fingers . pull the hole open . place bagels on a sheet and cover
for about 10 minutes . put 2-or-3 bagels at a time into simmering
water for about 45 seconds , turning once . drain and place on greased
baking sheets . brush with beaten egg white and sprinkle with salt ,
sesame , poppy or caraway seeds . bake for 35 minutes , turning over
when bagels are light brown . bagels are done when they are brown and
shiny . cool on a rack .

peter kump - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 12 servings




vasilopita ( new year bread )

breads , greek

1 pkg active dry yeast
3/4 cup milk ; lukewarm
3 eggs ; beaten
1 1/2 teaspoon grated orange rind
3/4 cup caster sugar
4 1/2 cup plain flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground masticha
1/2 cup butter ; melted
1 egg ; for glazing
1 blanched split almonds

new year bread is traditionally cut at midnight on new year 's eve .
after baking , a coin is inserted through a slit in the base . the
person who finds the coin will have luck in the new year . long ago
the coin used to be a gold one , then later a silver coin was used .
these could be incorporated into the dough before baking . nowadays
because of the nickel content of coins it is undesirable to bake a
coin in the cake .

dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup of the milk . add remainder of milk , eggs ,
orange rind and sugar . sift 3 cups flour , salt and spice into a warm
bowl and make a well in the centre . pour in yeast mixture and stir
to blend in flour , gradually adding warm melted butter . mix dough
with hands until it comes away from sides . turn on to a floured
surface and knead until smooth and elastic , adding remaining flour as
required . knead for 10 minutes . place ball of dough in a clean bowl
brushed with melted butter . turn dough over to coat top with butter
and cover bowl with a cloth or plastic wrap . leav to prove ( rise ) in
a warm place until doubled in bulk . punch down and turn on to lightly
floured surface . knead lightly and shape into a round loaf . place
on a large greased baking sheet or in a greased 25 cm ( 10 inch ) deep
cake tin . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled - about 1
1/2 to 2 hours .

glaze with well-beaten egg and arrange blanched almonds in numbers to
denote the new year , pressing in lightly . bake in a moderately hot
oven for 45 minutes until golden brown and cooked when tested . if
bread browns too quickly place a piece of greased brown paper on top .
cool on a wire rack .

from : `` the complete middle east cookbook '' by tess mallos
isbn : 1 86302 069 1
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 servings




mexican cornbread

breads

1 1/2 cup cornmeal , self-rising
3/4 cup cooking oil
2 eggs
1/2 cup onions , chopped
2 tablespoon green pepper , chopped
8 oz sour cream
8 oz corn , cream-style ( one small can )
2 jalapeno peppers , chopped ( or more ; )
3 oz pimentos ( one small can )
1 cup cheddar cheese , grated

preheat oven to 325 degrees f. mix all ingredients except cheese together .

pour half of mixture in a well-greased skillet . use an iron skillet if you
have one . spread cheese over the mixture , then pour remaining batter on
top . bake in 325 degree f. oven for 1 1/2 hours , or until done . serve warm .

notes :

* corn bread with peppers and cheese -- i got this recipe from net.cooks
in the fall of 1983 . it 's really good ! we always make a batch of mexican
cornbread when we cook chili ; it 's also a good dinner with just a salad and
the beer of your choice . the original recipe came from akgua ! akguc ! mah .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : 5 minutes preparation , 90 minutes baking .
: precision : approximate measurement ok .
:
: nancy mintz
: from a net.cooks recipe by akgua ! akguc ! mah

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 8 servings




cape cod cranberry scones

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup butter or margarine
1 cup cranberries ; coarsely choppe
2 teaspoon orange peel ; grated
2/3 cup sugar
1/2 cup buttermilk or sour milk

preheat oven to 400f . in mixing bowl , combine flour , baking powder and
baking soda ; cut in butter with pastry blended or two knives . stir in
cranberries , orange peel and sugar ; stir in buttermilk just until
ingredients are moist- ened . working on floured surface , shape dough
into two 8-inch circles , 1/2-inch thick . cut each circle into eight
wedges and place on ungreased cookie sheet . bake for 12 to 15
minutes , until lightly browned .

yield : 4 servings




orange chocolate tea bread

breads , desserts , chocolate

1 stick butter , softened
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 tablespoon plus 1 tsp . grated orange zest
2 tablespoon orange liqueur such as grand marnie ; r
3/4 cup half and half
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
7 oz semisweet chocolate , chopped
1 tablespoon water

preheat oven to 350f . grease or spray a 9x5x3 inch loaf pan .

cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy . add the
eggs and beat well . beat in orange zest and 1 tablespoon of liqueur .
pour in half-and-half and beat to combine . ( do not be concerned with
curdling . )

in another bowl , stir and toss together flour , baking powder , and
salt . add to butter mixture and gently beat just to combine . stir in
nuts and 4 ounces chopped chocolate . spoon batter into prepared pan
and smooth top . bake 1 hour , until top is golden . cool in pan on
rack . invert onto serving platter and cool completely .

when bread is cool , combine remaining chocolate with water and
remaining tablespoon of orange liqueur in heavy saucepan . place over
low heat and melt , stirring constantly . spread evenly over top and
chill to set . yield : 1 loaf typed in mmformat by cjhartlin @ msn.com
source : cookbook digest march/april 98

yield : 1 loaf




apple pizza dessert

breads , desserts , fruits

8 oz frozen bread dough ; thawed one-half frozen lo
8 oz cream cheese ; softened
1/4 cup sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
4 cup apples ; peel & thinly sliced
2/3 cup sugar
1/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
-- -- topping -- --
1/3 cup flour
1/3 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon margarine ; softened
1/2 cup slivered almonds

place bread dough on greased 12 inch deep dish pizza pan . when thawed
completely , pat dough on bottom and 1/2 inch up sides of pan . let
rest 15 minutes .

combine cream cheese , 1/4 cup sugar , egg and vanilla until smooth .
spread over bottom of crust . combine apples , 2/3 cup sugar , 1/4 cup
flour and cinnamon . arrange evenly over cream cheese mixture .

in a small mixing bowl , combine 1/3 cup flour and brown sugar . cut in
margarine until mixture is crumbly . add almonds . sprinkle evenly
over apples .

bake at 350f for about 40 minutes , or until golden brown .

serve warm or cold , with whipping cream , whipped topping or ice cream .

yield : 12 servings




bermuda banana bread

breads , fruits

1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup brown sugar
2 single eggs
1 cup mashed bananas
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

cream butter and sugar . gradually add eggs , then bananas and vanilla .
fold in dry ingredients that have been sifted together . add nuts .
bake in buttered loaf pan , at 350 degrees , for 1 1/4 hours or until
loaf tests done . cool in pan for 10 minutes and then turn out to cool
completely .

yield : 6 servings




ha'penny friendship bread

breads , holiday , ethnic

5 1/2 cup pillsbury best bread flour*
3 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 cup water
1/4 cup oil

it may take 3 notes to do this entire recipe as should be
done . *ingredient list should read : 5 1/2-6 cups pillsbury 's best
bread flour.lightly spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . in
large bowl , combine 2 cups flour , sugar , salt and yeast ; blend well .
in small saucepan , heat water and oil ntil very warm ( 120-130 degrees
f. ) . add warm liquid to flour mixture . blend at low speed until
moistened ; beat 3 minutes at medium speed . stir in additional 3 1/2-4
cups flour , until dough pulls cleanly away from sides of bowl . on
floured surface , knead dough until smooth and elastic , about 10 mins .
place dough in greased bowl ; cover loosely with plastic wrap and
cloth towel . let rise in warm place ( 80-85 degrees f. ) until light
and doubled in size , about 1-1/2 hrs.punch down dough several times
to remove air bubbles . allow to rest on board covered with inverted
bowl for 14 mins . shape as desired . ( shape directions to follow in
next note . )

yield : 2 servings




no knead caramel braid

breads

-- -- bread -- --
1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 105-115 deg f . )
1 cup milk ( scalded & cooled )
1/4 cup margarine ( softened )
1/4 cup sugar
2 single eggs
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 1/2 cup flour ( all purpose )
-- -- caramel filling -- --
2/3 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup margarine
-- -- browned butter glaze -- --
1/4 cup butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoon milk ( or less )

dissolve yeast in warm water . stir in milk , margarine , sugar , eggs
and salt stir in 1c flour . stir in remaining flour until soft sticky
dough forms . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in
size , about 1 hour . punch down with a spoon about 25 strokes . turn
dough out on well floured surface - roll or pat into a rectangle 18 x
12 inches . spread caramel filling over dough . cut dough into 3 strips
18 x 4 inches - roll each into a rope and then braid on a greased
cookie sheet . do not stretch dough when braiding . cover and let rise
till 1 1/2 times original size . place oven rack below center of oven
and heat to 350 deg f. if braid is browning to quickly , loosely cover
with aluminum foil . spread with browned butter glaze . bake for 35 to
40 minutes at 350 deg f. ** caramel filling : ** mix 2/3c packed brown
sugar and 1/3c margarine ( softened ) in a bowl ** browned butter
glaze : ** heat butter in small sauce pan over medium heat until
delicate brown . stir in powdered sugar and vanilla . stir in milk - 1
teaspoon at a time until smooth and of desired consistency . if
necessary stir in a few drops of hot water to get proper texture .

yield : 10 servings




early-bird buttermilk pancakes

breads , breakfast

1 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup buttermilk
2/3 cup milk
1 egg ; beaten
2 tablespoon cooking oil
1 oil for pan
1/2 cup milk ; as needed for thinning

sift together the flour , sugar , salt and baking powder . beat together
the buttermilk , milk , beaten egg and oil . pour the liquid into the dry
ingredients and stir until well mixed . a few small lumps in the
mixture will cook out . the first pancake is a test pancake . the
batter should be thin for pancakes , so thin the batter if necessary
with milk ( not buttermilk ) . the pan should be lightly oiled and hot
enough to make a sprinkling of water dance , not just sit and sizzle .
ladle about 1/8 cup of the batter into the hot pan . when the top of
the pancake is full of bubbles and the bottom is golden , turn the
pancake . cook on the second side until done .

yield : 5 servings




quick onion cheese bread

breads , cheese

3 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
3 tablespoon sugar
1 cup cheddar , stale ; grated
4 scallion ; chopped
1 1/2 cup beer
1 egg ; beaten
1 teaspoon sesame seeds

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. combine flour , baking powder , sugar ,
cheese , and scallions . stir beer in gently to form a thick , sticky
batter . pour batter into greased loaf pan , 8-1/2 x 4-1/2 inches .
brush top of loaf with beaten egg and sprinkle with sesame seeds .
bake in oven for 1-1/4 hours or until loaf browns . remove from oven
and cool on a wire rack .

yield : 1 servings




green tomato bread

breads

8 to 10 medium green tomatoes
2/3 cup seedless raisins
2/3 cup boiling water
2/3 cup vegetable shortening
2 2/3 cup sugar
4 eggs
3 1/3 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon cloves
2/3 cup pecans or walnuts , coarsely chopped

peel and core green tomatoes . discard seeds . run cut-up pieces
through a blender until smooth and creamy . you should have 2 cups
pulp . set raisins to soak in 2/3 cup boiling water ; set aside to
cool . in a large mixing bowl , cream shortening and sugar until
fluffy . add eggs , 2 cups tomato pulp , the plumped raisins and the
water in which the raisins were soaked . beat well . in another bowl ,
combine flour , baking soda , salt , baking powder , cinnamon , cloves and
nuts . add one cup at a time , to tomato mixture , stirring well after
each addition . divide batter into two 9 x 5 inch greased loaf pans
and bake in a 350 degree oven for one hour and 10 minutes , or until
toothpick inserted in center comes out clean .

source : syracuse herald-journal , 9/20/92 shared by : jim bodle 9/92

yield : 6 servings




pull apart maple wheat bread

breads

1 1/4 cup water
3/4 cup maple-flavored syrup
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 pkg dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 eggs , beaten
1 cup raisins
3 1/2 cup whole wheat flour ( 3 to 3-1/2 cups )
1 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted

combine water , syrup and oil in a small saucepan ; heat until very
warm ( 120 to 130 degrees ) . set aside .

combine all-purpose flour , yeast , salt , and cinnamon in a large mixing
bowl ; stir in syrup mixture and eggs , mixing well . stir in raisins and
enough whole wheat flour to make a soft dough .

turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and knead until smooth
and elastic ( about 5 minutes ) . place in a greased bowl , turning to
grease top . cover and let rise in a warm place ( 85 degrees ) , free
from drafts , 1 hour .

punch dough down ; divide into 20 pieces , and shape each piece into a
ball . place 10 balls , in rows of 5 , in each of two greased 9x5x3-inch
loaf pans . brush each loaf with melted butter . cover and let rise in
a warm place ( 85 degrees ) , free from drafts , 45 minutes .

bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes , or until loaves sound hollow when
tapped . remove loaves from pans , and cool thoroughly on wire racks .

yields 2 loaves .

source : `` southern living : 1986 annual recipes '' oxmoor house , 1986 .

shared by june hoffman , 7/93

yield : 6 servings




poppy seed oatmeal bread

breads

1 cup flour , all purpose
1 cup flour , whole wheat
1 1/4 cup oatmeal , quick-cooking
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon poppy seeds
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup honey , liquid
1 each egg
1 teaspoon butter , melted

in large bowl , combine all-purpose and whole wheat flours , oatmeal ,
baking powder , salt and poppy seeds . in separate bowl , whisk together
buttermilk , honey and egg . add all at once to dry ingredients ; mix
quickly , just until combined . spoon batter into greased 8 x 4 in
( 1.5l ) loaf pan . brush top with melted butter . bake in 350f ( 180c )
oven 45 to 50 minutes or until cake tester inserted in centre of loaf
comes out clean . let cool 5 minutes in pan . turn out onto wire rack .

yield : 16 servings




joyce 's potato wheat bread ii

breads

-- -- large loaf -- --
3 tablespoon margarine
2 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/3 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup potato flakes
1 cup bread flour
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon vital gluten
2 tablespoon wheat germ
2 teaspoon yeast
1/3 cup sunflower seeds ; optional

this is a result of my own experimentation . i cooked it in my zoji
on on the light crust setting and the basic white bread cycle . i
added the sunflower seeds thirty minutes after starting .

made a beautiful loaf , almost to the top of the pan . keeps well and
slices nicely .

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat croissants

breads

2 tablespoon yeast
3/4 cup water , warm
1 3/4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1/2 cup water
1 1/2 tablespoon honey
2 cup butter , 1/2 pieces
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

combine yeast and warm water , stirring a little to dissolve yeast .
let sit about 10 minutes . add 1/2 of flour ; add water and honey ;
whisk until smooth . cover bowl and let stand 1 1/2 hours .

combine remaining flour with butter , and flatten butter pieces . pour
yeast batter into flour mixture ; fold together with spatula ; just
moisten flour without breaking butter pieces .

turn dough onto lightly floured surface . pat dough down and roll
into a 18 '' x 12 '' rectangle ; if too sticky , sprinkle with flour . use a
metal spatula to fold 1/3 of dough toward center ; then fold from
other side , 1/3 of dough over first 1/3 . lift folded dough off work
surface , and scrape surface clean . sprinkle work area with flour and
repeat , rolling and folding 3 more times . dough must be hard ; if not ,
freeze for 45 minutes .

pat dough into rectangle . cut into parts , 1 part for each 4
croissants . for instance , for 24 croissants : cut in 1/2 lengthwise ,
then cut each half into 3 pieces , for a total of 6 ( 4x6=24 ) . work
with one piece at a time , holding others in refrigerator until ready
to use . roll each piece individually into 5 1/2 '' x 14 '' rectangles .
cut into two 5 1/2 '' x 7 '' pieces . cut each piece diagonally to form 4
triangles ; roll from wide end to point . place on ungreased cookie
sheets . curve ends to crescent shape .

beat egg with water ; brush croissants with this and set them aside 1
hour . reglaze with egg/water mixture . bake at 375 degrees until
puffed and brown . let cool slightly and serve .

yield : 24 servings




dough for regular crust pizza

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cake yeast
1 1/3 cup warm water
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon parmesan , grated
1 cornmeal

preheat the oven to 400 degrees . place the pizza baking stone ( s ) or
tile ( s ) in the oven to be heated . dissolve the yeast in the warm ( 85
degrees f ) water . let stand without stirring until the mixture foams
( 8-10 minutes ) . combine the flour and salt in a bowl . add the olive
oil and yeast mixture . stir well . add the grated parmesan . stir well .
cover the bowl with a cloth . let the dough rest about 10 minutes .
turn out onto a well floured board and knead until smooth ( about 10
minutes ) . place the dough in a greased bowl . cover and let rise until
doubled ( about 2 hours ) . punch down . turn out onto a floured board .
divide the dough into equal portions . roll each portion of the dough
to a thickness of 1/4 `` . oil the ( 14 '' ) pizza pans . sprinkle some
cornmeal on each . form the pies in the pans , pinching the edges up a
little to hold the filling . brush the dough liberally with olive oil .
spread the sauce ( s ) , seasoning ( s ) and topping ( s ) over the dough
leaving the outer 1/2 '' bare . let the pies rest about 10 minutes .
remove the pies from the pans and , using a pizza paddle , place on the
baking stone ( s ) . bake until the edges are light brown and the cheese
is bubbly . serve .

yield : 2 pies




scotch scones

breads , quick & easy

1 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1/3 cup shortening
1/2 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
1/4 cup currants
2/3 cup milk

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and sugar into bowl . cut in
shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . stir in oats and
currants . add milk ; stir only until dry ingredients are moistened .

turn out on lightly floured board or canvas . knead gently a few
seconds . roll out to 1/4-inch thickness . cut with floured
diamond-shaped cutter . brush lightly with melted butter ; sprinkle
with sugar . place on ungreased cooky sheet .

bake in preheated hot oven ( 425 f. ) 12 to 15 minutes . serve piping
hot .

source : our favorites for family and friends reprinted with
permission from the quaker oats company electronic format courtesy of
karen mintzias

yield : 16 scones




sour cream waffles

breads , breakfast , california

2 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar ; plus
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
4 eggs ; separated
1 cup sour cream
1 1/2 cup milk
3/4 cup sweet butter ; melted , plus
2 tablespoon sweet butter ; melted =or=- oil instead

sift together all dry ingredients . in a separate bowl , beat together
the egg yolks , sour cream , milk and melted butter ( or oil ) . add to
the dry mix . mix together thoroughly . beat egg whites until stiff ,
and fold in completely . bake in preheated waffle iron .

this delicious waffle recipe comes from margaret fox , who prepares
wonderful breakfasts at her restaurant , cafe beaujolais , in mendocino ,
calif .

peter kump - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 4 servings




wheat bread

breads

1 pkg ( 5/16-ounce ) yeast
1 1/2 cup 50/50 flour
1/2 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon cracked wheat cereal
2 tablespoon wheat germ
2 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
7/8 cup water

50/50 flour is made by hodgson mills and found in whole foods put all
ingredients , in the order given into the bread pan , select white
bread , and push start . note : using 50/50 flour ensures that your
whole wheat bread will be substantial , but not heavy .
you 'll love teh crunchy texture and the nutty , whole grain taste of
this bread . note # 2 : for a less crunchy loaf , soak the creacked
wheat in 1/4 cup boiling water for 5 minutes . decrease the water in
the recipe to 5/8 cup . makes 1 loaf , 8 slices . each slice : 140
calories ; 2 gm dietary fiber ; less than 1 gm soluble fiber ; 27 gm
carbohydrates ; 4 gm protein ; 2 gm fat ( 13 % calories from fat ) ; 1 mg
cholesterol , 284 sod ; 111 potas ; 21 cal .

yield : 1 servings




honey starter

breads , sourdough

1 pkg yeast
2 1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon honey
1/2 cup flour , all-purpose

recipe by : fwds07a patricia dwigans combine the yeast , water honey
and flour in a 2 quart glass mixing bowl . cover with cheesecloth ,
place in a warm area to ferment . in 2-3 days sourdough will be ready
for use . use or store in a clean plastic container with a fitted
cover in refo until needed . be sure a hole is punched incontainer lid
to allow gases to escape . replenish at last once a week with equal
portions of warm water and all purpose flour .

yield : 1 servings




pizza dough~ silver palate

breads , italian

1 pkg yeast , active dry lukewarm water ( 1 ; 10 )
2 1/3 cup flour , unbleached
3/4 cup cake flour
1/3 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon olive oil

in a small bowl , dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup of the lukewarm water
and let stand 10 minutes .
in a mixing bowl , mix flours , freshly ground black pepper and salt
together .
add the dissolved yeast to the dry ingredients with olive oil and
1/2 cup of remaining water . mix with a wooden spoon to form a dough ,
adding a little more water if needed .
remove dough from the bowl to a floured pastry board . knead for 8
to 10 minutes , or until dough is smooth and pliable . flour board
lightly whenever dough begins to stick .
wash and dry mixing bowl , and rub it with olive oil . place dough
in the bowl and turn it over to coat it thoroughly . cover dough with
plastic wrap and place in a warm place ( 75-80f . ) for 2 hours , until
doubled in bulk .
when dough has doubled in bulk , punch it down and knead for 15
seconds . let it rest under a towel for 10 minutes before proceeding
with recipe .

yield : 1 servings




sourdough belgian waffles

breads , sourdough

-- -- sallie kratz -- --
1 3/4 cup flour ; sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
3 eggs ; separated
1 cup sourdough starter
3/4 cup milk
6 tablespoon butter ; melted

sift flour with baking powder , salt and sugar . beat egg yolks , add
butter , starter and milk . stir into flour mixture . beat egg whites
till stiff peaks form and then fold into batter . spoon into preheated
belgian waffle iron , either well buttered or teflon ( i oil my
teflon ! ) bake about 5 minutes or until beautifully golden brown ! let
me know if you try these .
i guarantee you 'll never make another waffle recipe again ! there are
no calories in these ... it 's all the good stuff you put on top ! ! ! < ggg >
love ya ... sallie posted 4/20/93 comment before post : maybe we should
go visiti cheryl and make her some of these ! if you think the
pancakes are outathiswhirl ... you will think you 're really in heaven
with these ! reposted 6/20/93 comments : these are out uv this
whirl ... worth every bit of mess it takes to make them ! ! ! enjoy ... i
know you will ! sallie sorry it took so long ... hope the ingredients
stay on here this time ! ! ! ! < ggg > love ya ... sallie mm format norma
wrenn npxr56b see what fun we have ! norma

yield : 6 servings




precious bread ( m_c-tx )

breads

1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup melted butter ( 1 stick )
2 pkg yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 eggs
4 cup flour
-- -- cream cheese filling -- --
16 oz cream cheese
3/4 cup sugar
1 beaten egg
1/8 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon vanilla

heat sour cream over low heat . add sugar , salt , butter . cook to
lukewarm . sprinkle yeast over water in a large bowl . add sour cream
mixture , eggs and flour . cover tightly overnight in refrigerator . in
the morning , divide dough into 4 equal parts . roll out one at a time
to 8 x 12 inches . spread 1/4 cream cheese mixture on each . roll as a
jelly roll , tucking ends under and place on greased cookie sheet .
slit along both sides only scoring through 2 layers of dough . let
rise in a warm place , covered for one hour . bake at 375 for 12 to 15
minutes .

yield : 10 servings




golden oatmeal muffins

breads , quick & easy

1 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 egg ; beaten
1 cup milk

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and sugar into bowl . stir in
oats . add remaining ingredients ; stir only until dry ingredients are
moistened . fill greased medium-sized muffin cups 2/3 full . bake in
preheated hot oven ( 425 f. ) about 15 minutes . serve piping hot .

fruit or nut muffins : add 1/2 cup raisins , chopped pitted dates or
nutmeats with the oats .

cinnamon-topped muffins : combine 2 tablespoons sugar , 2 teaspoons
all-purpose flour , 1 teaspoon cinnamon and 1 teaspoon melted butter or
margarine . sprinkle over muffins before baking .

source : our favorites for family and friends reprinted with
permission from the quaker oats company electronic format courtesy of
karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




dumplings

breads , dumplings

1 cup flour
1/2 cup suet , ground ( very cold )
1 salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup parsley , chopped , fresh
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cold water

combine flour , suet , salt and pepper , parsley and baking powder in
small bowl and mix . add enough cold water just to pull together into
a soft dough with your hands . do not knead or squeeze the dough .
divide into 6-8 portions and drop onto top of gently boiling cooking
liquid ( from meat cooking , for example ) .

replace lid tightly ; cook 20 minutes more at a medium boil . do not
raise lid . serve with meat .

yield : 6 servings




bread pudding made with white bread

breads , desserts

1/2 lb firm white bread
1/2 cup raisins
1 cup sugar
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
8 large eggs
6 cup milk
1 tablespoon vanilla

preheat oven to 350 degrees . toast bread on baking sheet until
golden . cool . cover raisins in hot water and soak . combine sugar ,
corstarch , cinnamon , salt , and nutmeg . whisk eggs then gradually
whisk in sugar mix . whisk in sugar mix , milk , vanilla . spread toast
in a 13x9 glass baking dish . pour egg mix over bread .
drain raisins and sprinkle over top . bake 50 minutes until top is
golden and center is just set . let stand at least 10 minutes .

yield : 12 servings




pink crustacean cheese biscuits

breads

1/4 teaspoon garlic salt or powder
1/4 tablespoon parsley flakes
1/4 teaspoon italian seasonings
1 lb bisquick
8 3/4 oz cold water
1/4 lb cheddar cheese , sharp , grated
1/8 cup butter or margarine

preheat oven to 450 degrees . mix bisquick , water and cheese . drop by
large spoonfuls onto greased baking sheet . bake for 8-10 minutes .
after baking , ( while hot ) brush on melted butter or margarine mixed
with garlic powder , parsley flakes and italian seasoning . ( amounts
will vary by the size batch you make , but a little goes a long way . )
serve hot .

yield : 10 servings




lavender herb bread

breads , cheese/eggs , companion , flowers

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup ; warm water
1 cup low-fat cottage cheese
1/4 cup honey
2 tablespoon butter
1 teaspoon dried lavender buds
1 tablespoon fresh lemon thyme
1/2 tablespoon fresh basil ; finely chopped
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs
2 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1 butter

in a small bowl , dissolve yeast in water .

in a larger bowl , mix together the cottage cheese , honey , butter ,
herbs , baking soda and eggs . stir in the yeast mixture . gradually
add flour to form a stiff dough , beating well after each addition .
cover and let rise about 1 hour , or until doubled in bulk .

stir the dough down with a spoon . place in a well-greased 1 1/2 or 2
qt . casserole or ten 4 '' individual pie tins . let rise 30 to 40
minutes , or until doubled in bulk .

bake at 350 f. for one hour for a large loaf , 20 to 30 minutes for
small loaves . when done , turn onto a rack , brush top ( s ) with soft
butter , and let cool .

yield : 1 large round loaf or 10 individual dinner rolls .

from joyce ellenbecker/anaheim , ca in `` the kitchen table : where herbs
and spices make the difference '' column in `` the herb companion . ''
february/march 1994 , vol . 6 , no . 3 . pg . 64 . typed for you by cathy
harned .

yield : 1 loaf




cranberry banana bread

breads , cranberry

2 2/3 cup sugar
1 cup water
4 cup fresh cranberries
1 3/4 cup sifted flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/3 cup butter , melted
2 eggs , beaten
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1 cup mashed banana
1/4 cup cranberry juice , reserved from cooke ; d berries , option
2 tablespoon granulated sugar , optional
2 tablespoon grand marnier , optional

from `` the california heritage cookbook , '' the junior league of
pasadena .

in a large saucepan , bring 2 cups sugar and the water to a boil ,
stirring to dissolve the sugar . add the berries and simmer over low
heat for 10 minutes or until berries pop open . cool . drain the
berries , reserving the juice and measuring 1 cup of berries for use
in the bread .

sift together the flour , salt , baking powder and baking soda . in a
large bowl , combine 2/3 cup sugar , the butter , eggs , walnuts , banana
and berries . add the flour mixture to the berry mixture , stirring
until blended . pour the mixture into a greased and lightly floured
9x5x3 : loaf pan . bake in a preheated , 350'f . oven for 1 hour or until
a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean .

for a topping ( optional ) combine the cranberry juice , 2 tablespoons
sugar and the grand marnier in a small saucepan and stir over low
heat until heated through . poke a few holes in the baked loaf and
pour on the topping . cool 10 minutes in the pan . turn the loaf out on
a rack and cool completely . wrap in foil and store one day before
slicing . makes 1 loaf .

nutritional analysis per serving : 360.4 calories ; 8.6 grams total
fat ; ( 3.8 grams saturated fat ) ; 4 grams protein ; 22.4 grams
carbohydrates ; 71.7 milligrams cholesterol ; 169.4 milligrams sodium .

yield : 8 servings




flour tortillas 2

breads

4 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup shortening
1 cup plus 3 t. hot water

combine flour , salt and baking powder ; stir well . cut in shortening
with pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal . gradually
stir in water , mixing well . put an ungreased skillet over medium heat
so that the tortillas can be cooked as soon as they are rolled out .
shape dough into 1 1/2 inch balls ; place in a bowl covered with a
damp towel to keep moist . roll each out on a lightly floured surface
into a very thin circle . circles should be about 6 inches in
diameter . place tortilla on hot skillet and cook about two minutes on
each side , until lightly brown . serve hot . ( two dozen )

yield : 1 servings




hot-pepper pumpkin scones

breads

1 stick unsalted butter
1/2 small onion , finely chopped
1 jalapeno peppers , stemmed , seeded , ; and finely diced
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/8 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup pumpkin puree
6 tablespoon buttermilk or plain yogurt
1 egg
1/4 cup honey
1 tablespoon tabasco , or other hot sauce

preheat oven to 375 degrees .

in a small skillet , melt the butter over medium heat , add chopped
onion and jalapeno and stir until onion is soft ( about 2 minutes ) .
set aside to cool .

in a large bowl , mix the flour , baking powder , soda , cinnamon , ginger ,
allspice , salt , and sugar . mix in the melted butter until mixture
resembles grains of rice . make a well in the center and add
buttermilk , pumpkin puree and egg to the well . mix together with a
fork and gradually work in the mixture until a soft , cohesive dough
forms .

drop the batter 1/3 cupful at a time 2 inches apart on a lightly
greased cookie sheet . bake in a preheated oven for 20 minutes , until
puffed and firm on surface , but fluffy in the center . transfer to a
cooling rack , cover loosely with a dish towel and cool for at least
5 minuntes .

mix honey with the jalapeno sauce and brush tops of the scones with
this mixture before serving .

per serving : 200 calories , 3 g protein , 29 g carbo. , 8 g fat , 39 mg
chol. , 5 g sat . fat , 127 mg sodium .

yield : 12 to 14




blue corn blueberry muffins

breads , quick & easy

1 cup am blue cornmeal
1 cup am unbleached white flour
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 1/2 cup water
2 teaspoon honey ( may be doubled )
1/4 cup am unrefined vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries

stir dry ingredients together . combine liquid ingredients . mix
liquid and dry ingredients and stir until just mixed . gently stir in
blueberries . fill oiled muffin tins 2/3 full . bake in a preheated
oven at 400 f. for 20 minutes or until done .

source : arrowhead mills `` holiday recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 recipe




reese 's chewy chocolate pan cookies

biscuits , chocolate

1 1/4 cup butter or margarine , softened ( 2 1/ ; 2 sticks )
2 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup hershey 's cocoa
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 2/3 cup reese 's peanut butter chips

heat oven to 350'f . grease 15.5x10.5x1 '' jelly-roll pan . in large mixer
bowl , beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy . add eggs and
vanilla ; beat well . stir together flour , cocoa , baking soda and salt ;
gradually blend into butter mixture . stir in peanut butter chips .
spread batter into prepared pan . bake 20 minutes or until set . cool
completely in pan on wire rack ; cut into bars . makes about 4 dozen
bars .

yield : 48 bars




roger hayot 's pan de maiz

breads , mexican

1/4 cup butter , melted
1/4 cup canola oil
1 cup low-fat or whole milk , warmed
1 egg , room temperature
1 cup cake flour
1 tablespoon baking powder ( preferably non-alumi ; num type )
2/3 cup yellow cornmeal
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 400f . oil a 9 x 13-inch baking dish . combine butter ,
oil , milk and egg in mixing bowl and whisk until well-blended .

stir the flour , baking powder , cornmeal , sugar and salt together with
a fork until well-mixed . to this dry mixture , add the liquid milk
mixture and stir just until combined .

pour into baking dish . bake the cornbread until golden on top and a
tester inserted in the middle comes out clean . baking time is about
25 minutes .

hint : if you are in a hurry you can use jiffy cornbread mix ( 8 1/2
ounce size ) . to the dry mix , add 1/2 cup evaporated milk , 1 egg and
1 tablespoon melted butter in place of what is called for on the
package .

bake at 400f for 20 minutes . bread should be golden brown and a
tester plunged into its middle should come out clean .

per serving : 330 calories , 5 g protein , 35 g carbohydrate , 19 g fat
( 6 g saturated ) , 60 mg cholesterol , 439 mg sodium , 1 g fiber .

jacqueline higuera mcmahan , san francisco chronicle , 11/3/92 .

posted by stephen ceideberg ; november 4 1992 .

yield : 1 servings




great grandmother 's bread

breads , indian

1 to california in one of the
1 last wagon trains to leave
1 the east .
1 over a four year period in
1 her later years she wrote
1 down the ways and
1 recipes she had used and
1 passed them down to me .
1 some of the foods and
1 terminology have changed and
1 is so noted ( ) by me .

easter brown bread

one pint each of rye or graham ( unbolted flour ) and indian ( corn )
meal , one cup molasses , three-fourths cup of sour milk ( one-half cup
sour cream and one-fourth cup milk ) , one-half tea-spoons ( baking )
soda , and one and one-half pints cold water .

knead into one loaf then put on stove over cold water and steam for
four hours , and brown over in the oven .

brown bread two and one-half cups sour milk ( two cups sour cream and
one-half cup milk ) and one-half cup molasses ; into these put one
heaping tea-spoon soda , two cups corn meal , one cup graham flour ;
steam three hours , and brown a few minutes in the oven .

cont ' nex message

* qmpro 1.0 90-8356 * new jersey , the garden state

~ -- wildmail ! /wc v4.11 * origin : the magic dominion 1:268/420
analomink p.a.420-8937 ( 1:268/420.0 )

from : d roberts my great grandmother , originally from the
passamaquaddy indian nation , came

date :

yield : 1 servings




nora mill easy corn bread

breads

1 cup nora mill self-rise cornmeal
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 each eggs , beaten
8 oz sour cream
4 oz cream style corn

combine cornmeal and oil , add beaten eggs and stir . add other
ingredients and bake at 400 degrees f. for 25-30 minutes or until
done . serve hot or cold , especially good with a pat of butter and/or
favorite jam or jelly . recipe conversion to use plain nora mill
cornmeal : add/exchange the following items to above ingredient
listing : 2 1/2 cups plain nora mill cornmeal , 2 tsp . baking powder , 1
tsp . baking soda , and 2 tsp . salt . )

yield : 10 servings




mini cinnamons

breads , breakfast

16 slices bread ; decrusted
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 egg
1/2 cup sugar
8 oz cream cheese
1 h frosting-
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon cinnamon

spread mixture of vanilla , egg , cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar on
each bread slice . roll up as a jelly roll . dip each roll into melted
margarine or butter and then into mixture of cinnamon and 1 cup of
sugar . place rolls on cookie sheet , cover with foil and freeze 2 to 3
hours . when firm , slice rolls into bite size pieces , about 5 to a
roll . you may either roll in foil and refreeze to use later or heat
at 350 degrees for 10 to 15 minutes . we turn ours over after about
10 minutes when they are brown on both sides . watch carefully until
you are sure how your oven works . from wild briar - the country inn
at edom - ben wheeler .

from texas cook book received in the april swap from tsuex

formatted for mm by pegg seevers

yield : 80 rolls




oldtime maple gingerbread

breads

2 cup flour
1 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon ginger
1 teaspoon soda
1 each egg , beaten
1 cup maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine and sift dry ingredients . mix maple syrup with beaten egg
and add the sour cream . combine the mixtures and bake in moderate
oven for about 40 minutes . serve with warm maple hard sauce or
whipped cream . by cynthia coolidge from maple dessert recipes by
massachusetts maple syrup producers
association p.o . box 377 ashfield , ma 01330

yield : 8 servings




buttermilk soda bread

breads

2 cup white flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 3/4 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup currants
4 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter
2 eggs ; beaten
1 tablespoon caraway seed

preheat oven to 350 degrees . butter a # 8 skillet ( 10 x 3-1/4 ) , line
bottom with wax paper and butter paper . mix the dry ingredients and
then add the raisins and currents and toss until they are coated with
the flour mixture . mix the buttermilk and eggs and then add 4
tablespoons of butter that has been melted . mix the wet and dry
ingredients only until just blended . spoon into pan and dot with the
remaining butter . bake about 1 hour or until a tester comes out
clean . cut into wedges and serve warm .

yield : 8 servings




bourbon spoonbread

breads , desserts

2 cup milk
1 cup white cornmeal
1/2 cup butter ; softened
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
4 large eggs ; separated
4 1/2 teaspoon bourbon

preheat oven to 350f . in saucepan , scald milk , heating until bubbles
form from around edges of pan ; then stir in cornmeal , beat thoroughly
with spoon and cook over low heat until thick . remove from heat , add
butter , sugar , salt and baking powder and beat well until butter has
melted . set aside to cool .

in a small bowl , beat egg yolks and stir them into cooled corn bread
mixture . in another bowl , beat egg whites until stiff peaks form ,
fold them into mixture , add bourbon and mix lightly . pour mixture
into a medium-sized casserole or baking dish and bake until a straw
inserted into middle comes out clean , about 40 minutes .

source : medford mail tribune typed by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 6 servings




bejma ( tunisian hallah )

breads

1 cup water , lukewarm
2 tablespoon dry yeast , scant
1 teaspoon sugar
3 large eggs
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup water , lukewarm
1/4 cup sugar
7 cup flour
1 large egg

: place water in glass bowl w/yeast & sugar . stir & let sit for
10min .
: add eggs , oil , salt , & remaining water & sugar , and slowly
work in the flour , adding enough to make a soft , tacky dough . knead
for about 10min or til smooth . let rise for 1hr in greased bowl .
: divide into equal rounds ( 3 per loaf ) , about the size of
tennis balls . place 3 round together , touching to form a triangle on
a greased cookie sheet . repeat for each loaf . let rise about 1/2hr ,
uncovered .
: preheat oven to 375f . brush dough w/additional egg , beaten ,
and bake 20min or til golden . n.y.times , sept 20 , 1995

yield : 3 loafs




old fashioned scones

breads , irish

3 cup self-raising flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
2 oz ( 60 g ) butter
1 cup milk

1 . set oven at 450f . arrange shelf in oven in the top third of the
oven .

2 . sift the flour , salt , and sugar into a bowl , rub in the butter ,
add milk to make a soft dough . knead lightly on floured surface , then
pat into a rectangle about 3/4 '' thick . cut into squares or rounds .
arrange on a lightly greased tray . brush with milk to glaze . bake for
12 - 15 minutes , or until well risen and golden brown .

yield : 12 servings




cream cheese pancakes

breads

2 eggs
5 teaspoon all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon butter , melted
8 oz cream cheese , softened

lightly beat eggs in large bowl . add softened cream cheese , flour ,
sugar and butter . mix until well combined . ( mix will be slightly
chuncky ) . spray a pre-heated 275 degree electric griddle with
vegetable cooking spray and ladle butter by teaspoonfuls onto
griddle . cook pancakes until golden , about 3 minutes . turn and brown
other side about 2 minutes more . sprinkle pancakes with confectioners
sugar and garnish with lemon wedges . serve with fresh berries , warm
applesause , or maple syrup .

yield : 1 servings




hawaiian pineapple banana bread

breads

3 cup flour
2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup pecans -- chopped
3 eggs -- beaten
1 cup oil
2 cup mashed bananas -- ( about 5 )
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 can crushed pineapple -- ( 8
1 oz ) -- drained

in a large bowl , combine the flour , sugar , baking soda , cinnamon , and
salt ; stir in pecans . in a separate bowl , combine remaining
ingredients ; mix well . pour wet mixxture into dry mixture , stirring
just until dry ingredients are moistened . spoon batter into 2
greased and floured 8x4 '' loaf pans . bake for about 1 1/2 hours at
3500 . cool in pan for 10 minutes , then remove from pans . in hawaii
they 'd use macadamia nuts , but pecans or walnuts work just as well .

recipe by : mr. food

from : grumpy49 @ nexusprime.org on tue , j

yield : 2 servings




mexican dump cornbread by clem kohl

breads

1 cup bisquick
1 cup cornmeal ; ( yellow )
3 tablespoon honey - may need 4 t
3 tablespoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup mozarella cheese ; grated
1/4 cup colby cheese ; grated
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
1 can green chilis w/liquid
2 large eggs
1 milk - see directions
3 tablespoon vanilla

in order : dump all ingredients into a large mixing bowl . add just
enough milk ( while stirring with a fork ) to produce a cake-like-batter
consistency . continue mixing with a fork until well blended . pour
into a well greased cookie sheet ( about 14 1/2 '' x 10 '' x 1/2 '' ) . bake
in a preheated 375-400 degree oven until done . approximately 20
minutes . serve it hot with chunks of real butter on top .

this recipe is taken from : it never turns out the same way cookbook a
collection of recipes from the kitchen of joyce & clem kohl .

yield : 12 servings




flour tortillas

breads , mexican

4 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
4 tablespoon lard or shortening
1 1/2 cup warm water

combine dry ingredients in a mixing bowl . cut in shortening . make a
well in the center and add water , a small amount at a time , to form a
dough . knead dough in bowl until smooth and elastic . cover and wet
aside for ten minutes . form dough into egg-sized balls and flatter
between palms . with rolling pin , roll each ball into a 6 inch circle ,
about 1/8 inch thick . cook on preheated ungreased skillet over medium
high heat , approx . two min . per side , until tortilla looks slightly
speckled . cover with a clean towel to keep warm and soft until
served . the tortillas may be cooled and stored in plastic bags in the
freezer for later use .

yield : 12 servings




rhubarb-pecan muffins

breads

2 cup flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup chopped pecans
1 each egg , large
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoon grated orange peel
3/4 cup orange juice
1 1/4 cup rhubarb , fresh fine chopped

combine all dry ingredients . beat egg and oil ; add orange juice . add
to flour mix . add rhubarb . bake 350f 25-30 min .

yield : 12 servings




savory granola crackers

breads

2 cup rolled oats
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup slivered almonds
1/4 cup wheat germ
1/4 cup sesame seeds
1 tablespoon honey
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon thyme
1/2 teaspoon onionpowder
3 eggs
3/4 cup oil

1 . in a large bowl , stir together oats , flour , almonds , wheat germ ,
sesame seeds , honey , oregano , thyme and onionpowder . 2 . with a
fork , beat together eggs and oil . stir into oat mix . 3 . grease 10 x
15 inch jelly roll pan . 4 . with a spatula , press dough evenly into
prepared pan , and bake
in preheated , 400 f oven , for 20 minutes , until golden . 5 . cut
into 1 1/2 inch squares , then into triangles . 6 . remove to a rack and
cool . store in airtight container .
these unusual crackers will keep several weeks at room
temperature- several month in the refridgerator or freezer .
out of a natural christmas
typed by brigitte sealing

yield : 70 servings




potato farls ( irish )

appetizers , breads

1 1/4 lb potatoes ( 3 or 4 )
2 tablespoon butter , melted
1 cup flour , all purpose
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon vegetable oil

peel and halve potatoes ; put in large saucepan with enough water to
cover .
bring to boil ; simmer , covered , 20 to 30 minutes , until fork-tender .
drain well ; return to saucepan over low heat . add butter ; mash
potatoes well . stir in flour and salt . gather mixture into a ball ;
turn onto lightly floured surface . knead lightly until smooth .
divide dough in half . roll out one half into an 8 in . ( 20 cm )
circle , about 1/4 in . thick . cut into quarters ; set aside . repeat
with remaining dough . in large nonstick skillet , heat half the oil
over medium-high heat . cook dough quarters in batches , 2 minutes on
each side or until golden brown , adding more oil as necessary . serve
warm .

yield : 8 servings




upside-down pizza

breads , meats , pizza

1 lb mild or hot sausage
1 medium size onion , chopped
1 jar 15-1/2 oz spaghetti sauce or ho ; me made or pizza sauce
1/2 lb mushrooms
6 oz mozzarella cheese , shredded
2 large eggs
1 cup milk
1 teaspoon salad oil
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup parmesan cheese , grated , preferably ; fresh

remove sausage casings and crumble into a 10-12 '' frying pan over
medium heat . add onion and cook , stirring frequently . until sausage
is well browned , abouit 10 minutes . discard fat , sand s sauce ,
mushrooms . heat until bubbly , then pour into an ungreased 9x13 ''
baking dish . spread mozzarella even over the top .

in blender whirl eggs , milk , oil , flour and salt until smooth . pour
enenly over casserole , sprinkle with parmesan cheese . bake uncovered
in a 400 degree oven until crust is puffed and golden brown , about 25
minutes . you might wait until after baking to sprinkle cheese as
crust puffs better that way . *sn

yield : 6 servings




english muffins ( lerner )

breads

1 cup warm water
1 tablespoon dry yeast
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup unbleached white flour
1 cup whole wheat flour

in a bowl , mix water , yeast , oil & salt . beat in the white flour ,
followed by the whole wheat flour . mix well . oil the dough 's surface
& allow to proof till light , about 25 minutes .

knead dough slightly , till soft . cut into 6 poeces & roll each piece
in cornmeal . form each ball into muffins , 3 3 ? 4 inches in diameter .
place on a cookie sheet .

preheat oven to 350f & bake for 15 minutes .

anne lerner , `` breads you would n't believe ''

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin muffins ( a & m )

breads , easy

2 1/2 cup am whole wheat pastry flour
1/2 cup am wheat bran
3 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon cloves
1 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1/2 cup chopped nuts
2 eggs
1/4 cup am unrefined sunflower oil
1/2 cup honey
2 cup pumpkin puree - ( 2 c. = one 16 oz . ; can )
1 teaspoon grated orange rind
1 cup raisins
1/2 cup chopped pitted dates

combine dry ingredients . in a separate bowl beat eggs , add oil ,
honey and pumpkin . combine the mixtures , then add the orange rind ,
raisins and dates . stir till all dry ingredients are moistened . fill
oiled muffin tins 2/3 full . bake at 375 f. for 30 minutes for large
muffins or 20 minutes for mini-muffins . allow to cool 5 minutes
before removing from the pan .

( yield-24 large or 48 mini-muffins )

source : arrowhead mills `` holiday recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 24 lg muffins




onion foccacia

breads , snacks , italian , bakery

-- -- crust -- --
1/2 tablespoon yeast
1 cup lukewarm water
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon rosemary , ground
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon wheat germ
3 cup flour
-- -- topping -- --
3 medium onions , diced
1 1/2 tablespoon olive oil
1 salt & pepper
1 olive oil , for brushing

in a mixing bowl , combine the yeast , water , sugar , salt , oil &
rosemary . let stand until the yeast starts to froth . mix in the wheat
germ & 1 c flour . beat well & let sit for 5 minutes . knead in the
remaining flour & knead until the dough is soft & pliable . lightly
oil a clean bowl & cover with a towel . let rise until doubled in
bulk .

meanwhile , heat oil in a large skillet & saute the onions , reduce
heat to low & cook until the onions begin to caramelize . remove from
heat & set aside . preheat oven to 350f .

roll out the dough to fit into a cookie sheet or on a pizza stone .
lightly sprinkle the cookie sheet with cornmeal & place the dough on
the sheet . stretch into the corners & build up the edges slightly .
let rest for 10 minutes .

brush the dough with olive oil & spread the onions over the top .
generously salt & grind fresh black pepper over the top . bake for 25
minutes or until the crusts are done . cut up & serve immediately or
let cool . this is equally good cold & served at room temperature .

note : i thought this recipe was from `` friendly foods '' by ron
pickarski , & it is not . it is also not in carol field 's `` italy in
small bites '' , so if someone has the source for this recipe i 'll
gladly give it the credit . in the meantime , this is what i do for
onion foccacia & i guess it comes from my head each time .

recipe by mark satterly .

yield : 1 foccacia




quick apple bread

breads , desserts , cajun

1/2 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 eggs
2 tablespoon milk
1 cup chopped apples , unpeeled
1/4 cup chopped nuts
2 cup sifted flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon

cream shortening , sugar , salt , vanilla until light and fluffy . add
eggs and beat well . add milk , apples and nuts , beat . stir in flour ,
baking powder , cinnamon . blend . pour into greased loaf pan . bake at
350 f. for about 50 min . courtesy telephone pioneers billspalding *p
crbr 38 a

yield : 1 servings




carrot bread 2

breads , cakes

1 cup sugar
3/4 cup natural applesauce
2 eggs ; slightly beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup raw carrots ; shredded
1 cup golden raisins

in a bowl , mix sugar , applesauce , eggs and vanilla . in a smaller bowl
combine flour , baking powder , baking soda and cinnamon . ad to
applesauce mixture with carrots and raisons . bake in two buttered 5
3/4-by-3-by-2 1/8 inch loaf pans at 350 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes .

published in newsday ( long island , ny newspaper ) dec 21 , 1994 in from
my kitchen to yours from `` secrets of fat free baking '' by sandra
woodruff . meal mastered by stut @ liii.com

yield : 2 pans




rusk buns

breads

3 each eggs
2/3 cup sugar
1/2 cup lard
1 pint milk ; sweet
1 pint water
1 each yeast cake
1 flour

mix in morning and let stand about 1 hour until light , then knead into
loaf , let stand again until light . roll out quite thin and cut with
biscuit cutter . let rise again until light . bake in moderate oven 15
to 20 minutes . this makes about 6 dozen buns .

source : myrtle b. moore , lacarne grange , ottawa county , oh

yield : 72 servings




medivnyk ( traditional honey bread )

breads , holiday , ethnic , christmas , russian

8 large eggs ; separated , at room temper
6 tablespoon butter
14 oz honey ; clover or wild
2 cup sugar
6 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 zest and juice of 1 orange
1 cup strong coffee
1 cup sour cream
1 cup filberts or walnuts ; chopped ( optional )

heat the honey to boiling and allow to cool . separate the eggs ,
reserving the whites . beat the room temperature yolks with the
butter until fluffy . add the cooled honey and beat until well
blended . add the sugar and blend well . sift the flour , baking
powder , baking soda and cinnamon together , then sift again . add to
the honey mixture . add the orange zest , juice , coffee and sour cream
stirring until no dry flour shows . whip the egg whites until stiff ,
then fold in a little of the whites , mixing well , then add the rest
of the whites . stir in the chopped nuts , if using them . pour into
buttered and floured loaf pans , rapping them to even the batter . bake
in a preheated 325 degree f. oven for about an hour . do not open the
oven door during the first 30 minutes of baking . when done , cool on
wire racks for 10 minutes and then turn out to finish cooling . wrap
well in heavy duty aluminum foil and store in the refrigerator .

yield : 10 servings




sour rye bread

breads

9 teaspoon yeast ( 2 pkg . )
1 1/2 cup water , warm
2 cup rye flour , medium or stone ground
1 cup beer , warm
6 cup flour , all-purpose ( approx )
1/4 cup sugar
4 teaspoon caraway seed ( optional )
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
3 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 egg white ; beaten with 2 tsp water

in large mixer bowl , dissolve half of yeast in warm water . add rye
flour ; stir until well mixed . cover bowl tightly w/plastic wrap . let
stand ( room temp ) for 3 days . then add remaining yeast & the beer ;
mix well . stir in 3 cups of the all purpose flour , sugar , half
caraway seed , salt and
the egg , lightly beaten . beat at moderate speed until smooth ,
about 2 min . add oil ; beat at high speed for 2 min . add enough flour
to make soft dough . turn dough out onto a floured board . knead in
remaining flour & knead about 5 min . place in greased bowl , and let
rise until doubled . punch down and form into 2 braided loaves . brush
with egg white/water , sprinkle with caraway seeds , and let rise
again . bake at 350 , about 40 min .

you can vary this by using 3 different seeds on the outside of each
braid `` rope '' . try poppy seed , sesame seed , and caraway , for a change .
from : joan d. tharp , j.tharp on genie - mm by frances nossen

yield : 1 servings




peanut butter bread ( houston )

breads

2 cup flour
2/3 cup peanut butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup milk
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt

sift flour , baking powder , salt and sugar together . add peanut butter
to milk and mix well , then add this to the dry ingredients , beat
thoroughly and bake in well greased load pan in slow oven 45 - 50
minutes . it it better when day old .

note : slow oven is 300 - 350 f .

source : florence l. houston , massie grange , warren county , oh

yield : 1 servings




zucchini pineapple bread

breads

3 eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup oil
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 teaspoon vanilla
3/4 teaspoon nutmeg
2 cup grated zucchini
1 cup chopped walnuts
8 oz crushed pineapple
1 cup raisins or currants
2 teaspoon baking soda
3 cup flour
1 mix in order given . bake in 2 flou ; red 9 x 5 loaf pans at
350 degrees for 1 hours . cool 10 minute ; s in pan and then on

rack .

yield : 6 servings




seasoned flat bread

breads

1 1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
6 cup flour
1 teaspoon olive oil
-- -- seasoning -- --
2 teaspoon dried oregano
2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried savory
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary
2 teaspoon dried lemon peel

in a large bowl combine the reast and the warm water . let rest for 2
minutes .

add 5 cups of the flour to the yeast mixture . stir until well
combined . add the remaining flour , a little at a time , stirring until
a dough forms . do not add all the flour if it is not needed .

transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead for 10 minutes or
until dough is no longer sticky and is smooth . shape the dough into a
ball . place 1/2 teaspoon of the olive oil in your hand . roll the
dough around in your hand until it is coated with oil . place dough in
a large bowl and cover with a towel . let rise in a warm draft-free
place for 35 minutes until doubled in size .

in a small bowl combine the dried oregano , basil , savory , rosemary ,
and lemon peel .

punch the dough down and divide it in half . flatten each half until it
resembles a plate sized round . brush the tops of the loaves with the
remaining oil . sprinkle the tops of the loves with the seasoning
mixture .

place the loaves on baking sheets . cover loaves with bowls and let
rise in a warm draft free place for 30 minutes until doubled in size .

preheat oven to 400f . bake for 30 minutes or until tops are golden
brown . remove from oven . cool or serve warm .

source : the great american baking book

from the diehl collection

yield : 1 servings




cottage cheese fritters

breads

1 cup cottage cheese
1 each egg
1/4 cup milk
1 cup flour ; sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

beat egg , add cottage cheese and mix thoroughly . stir in milk and
sifted dry ingredients . drop by teaspoonfuls in deep fat in skillet
at 375 f. fry until brown on both sides , 4 to 5 minutes . drain on
absorbent paper . makes 10 fritters .

source : mrs. florence warstler , bethlehem grange , stark county , oh

yield : 10 servings




sour milk doughnuts

breads

3 1/2 cup sifted flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ginger
3/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoon lard
2 eggs
1 cup sour milk or buttermilk

lard to melt for deep frying

sift dry ingredients ( except sugar ) three times . cream sugar and lard
well , add the eggs , and beat with an electric mixer . add milk to egg
mixture and beat well . add sifted dry ingredients all at once and mix
well . cover and chill for 1 hour . divide dough into 2 parts and roll
on a floured board to 1/2 inch thickness ; cut with doughnut cutter .
melt lard in deep fryer and heat to 375f . fry doughnuts
quickly , turning as soon as they come to the top ( do not crowd
kettle ) . cook to golden brown . roll in granulated sugar while still
hot if desired . lard may be strained , covered , stored in
refrigerator , and used again for frying . makes about 2 dozen
doughnuts .

origin : hearth and home companion shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 2 servings




oyster crackers

breads

1 2/3 cup sifted cake flour
1 cup sifted all purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup warm water ( 105 -115 )

place cake flour , all-purpose flour and salt in food processor bowl
with metal blade . cover and process 2 seconds to aerate . divide
shortening into 10 pieces and distribute evenly over dry ingredients .
process 15 to 20 seconds , or until fine crumbs form . in small bowl ,
sprinkle yeast and sugar over warm water ; stir until dissolved . while
processor is running , pour yeast mixture through feed tube in a
steady stream . process until mixture forms a ball ; continue
processing for 2 minutes . carefully turn out dough onto lightly
floured surface . with floured , rolling pin , roll out dough as thin
as possible into a rectangle . fold each long side to center ; then
fold each end to center to form a smaller rectangle . repeat rolling
and folding twice more , adding flour to surface as necessary to keep
dough from sticking . roll out dough into an 8 x 6 ' rectangle . cut
rectangle into 48 ( 1 '' ) squares . place squares 1 '' apart , on greased
large baking sheet . with fork , prick each square once . bake in 375
oven 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned . immediately remove
from baking sheet . cool on racks . store in airtight container up to 1
week . makes 4 dozen crackers .

from : farm journal 's homemade breads shared by : pat stockett

yield : 4 servings




italian cheese bread ring *bake-off winner

breads , bake-off

2 tablespoon sesame seeds
4 1/2 cup to 5 1/4 all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup milk
1 cup water
1/2 cup margarine or water
2 large eggs
-- -- filling -- --
4 oz mozzarella cheese , shredded
1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 cup margarine or butter , softened

source : pillsbury bake-off 1984 winner
: the pillsbury bake-off cookbook

generously grease 12-cup fluted tube or 10-inch tube pan ; sprinkle
with sesame seeds . lightly spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off .

in a large bowl , combine 2 1/2 c. flour , sugar , salt and yeast ; blend
well .

in a small saucwpan , heat milk , water and 1/2 c. margarine or butter
until very warm ( 120-130 degrees f. ) add warm liquid and eggs to
flour mixture . blend at low speed until moistened ; beat 3 minutes at
medium speed . by hand , stir in emaining 2 to 2 3/4 cups flour to form
a stiff batter .

in small bowl , combine all filling ingredients ; mix well . spoon half
of batter over sesame seeds in greased pan ; spoon filling mixture
evenly over batter to within 1/2 inch of sides of pan . spoon
remaining batter over filling . covewr loosely with plastic wrap and
cloth towel . let rise in warm place ( 80 to 85 degrees f. ) until light
and doubled in size , about 30 minutes .

heat oven to 350 degrees f. uncover dough . bake 30-40 minutes or until
golden brown and loaf sounds hollow when lightly tapped . remove from
pan immediately ; cool on wire racks .

serve warm or cool .

from the recipe files of suzy @ gannett.infi.net

yield : 1 loaf




sourdough soda bread**

beverages , breads

4 cup sourdough
4 tablespoon oil
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
8-10 cup flour

mix sourdough , sugar , shortening together . add soda dissolved in
jigger glass of warm water . stir well . add flour , beating with
wooden spoon until very thick . make certain well mixed . if not , it
will cause yellow streaks in bread . knead in flour to make dough
smooth and elastic - not sticky . form into loaves and let raise in
bread pans to double size . only raise once . bake 400 f for 30
minutes ; reduce to 350 f for the remaining 30 minutes .

from the cookie-lady 's files reformatted for mm : dianee 6/29/93 ~ -- --

yield : 6 servings




weixenkeimbrot ( molasses brown bread )

breads

2 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour
1 1/2 cup wheat germ
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup raisins ; mixed dark & light
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 7/8 cup buttermilk
1/3 cup molasses

preheat oven to 325 degrees f. grease a 9 x 5 x 3-inch pan . combine
flour , wheat germ , brown sugar , salt and raisins in a mixing bowl .
mix well . in a second mixing bowl , mix baking soda , buttermilk and
molasses , using a wooden spoon . this misture will start to bubble .
immediately mix it into the dry ingredients . spoon the batter into
the greased pan . bake at once . the bread is done when a toothpick
comes out clean , about 1 hour . turn out of the pan and cool on a
wire rack . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 4 servings




chicken & dressing

breads , main dish

2 pkg cornbread mix
1 dozen raw eggs
1 chopped onion to taste
1 salt & pepper to taste
1 celery to taste
6 teaspoon poultry seasoning
3 teaspoon sage
2 chickens cooked & deboned

bake cornbread mix according to pk directions . cool . crumble up
cornbread , add eggs , chopped onion & celery to taste , salt & pepper
to taste . add poultry seasoning & sage . add chicken & pour 1/2 of
chicken broth over cornbread mixture . mix well . bake at 350 degrees
for 3 hours .

~-

yield : 1 servings




doughnuts

breads

1 pint mashed potatoes
3 eggs
1 cup warm potato water
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter

mash potatoes while they are still hot . add the butter , sugar , beaten
eggs , vanilla and salt . add the potato water . in another bowl , mix 1
cup lukewarm water and 2 tbsp . yeast and 1 tsp . sugar . let rise for
several minutes then add to potato mixture . mix with flour in a large
bowl . knead until the dough is not sticky . let it rise until the next
morning . roll it out and cut with a doughnut cutter . if you prefer
bigger doughnuts , turn a small bowl that has a sharp cutting edge
upside down . let the doughnuts rise until double in size . fry in deep
fat .

from : lancaster farming shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




quick & easy cherry bread

breads , fruits

1 each loaf frozen bread dough
21 oz tart cherry pie filling ( 1 can )

here is something that you might want to try the next time you make
bread . this is more convience style recipe but it can be adapted to
homemade bread and pie filling .

yield : 1 loaf

let the frozen bread loaf rise once . knead , reshape and place in a
greased loaf pan . let rise again . make 2 slits in the top of the
loaf to a depth equal to 1/3 rd of the loaf . divide and place the
cherry pie filling in the slits . let rise again to full size and
brush the top of the loaf with melded butter and sprinkle with
cinnamon sugar . bake in a preheated 350 degree f. oven for 35 to 40
minutes . remove the loaf from the pan and cool . this bread can be
served either warm or cold .

from a flyer from the national red cherry institute

yield : 6 servings




marion harland 's corn dodgers

breads

1 cup cornmeal
1 cup boiling water
2 tablespoon bacon drippings
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine all ingerdients well . mound batter by tablespoonfuls onto a
lightly greased baking sheet . bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes or
until done .

yield : 12 servings




ontario bread knots

breads

2 envelopes dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup warm ( 105-115 deg . ) water
1/4 cup olive oil
2 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

( makes 20 . ) lightly oil baking sheets . sprinkle yeast and sugar over
1/4 cup warm water in large bowl . stir to dissolve . let stand until
foamy , about 5 minutes . add oil and beat 2 minutes , using wooden
spoon . stir in salt and 1/2 cup warm water . alternately stir in 3
cups flour ( 1 cup at a time ) and remaining 3/4 cup warm water ,
beating until dough is soft and sticky .

sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup flour on work surface . turn dough out and
knead until springy and flour is absorbed , about 3 minutes . cover
dough and let stand 5 minutes . shape dough into 20-inch cylinder . cut
into 20 pieces . let stand 4 minutes . using palm of hand , roll each
piece into cylinder . tie into knot . arrange on prepared sheets ,
spacing 1 inch apart . cover and let stand in warm draft-free area
until starting to rise , 20 to 30 minutes .

preheat oven to 300 deg . beat egg with 1 tablespoon water for glaze .

brush over bread knots . bake until golden , 30 to 35 minutes . serve
bread knots either warm or at room temperature .

yield : 20 servings




foccaccia

breads , italian

1 lb pizza dough
1 olive oil
1 seasonings

let the dough rise for about 4 hours until double in size . punch down
and roll out to fit a shallow paking pan or pizza pan . the dough
should be about 1 inch thick . spread olive oil thinly on top . salt
and top with a season of you choice . i love rosemary . you can also
add sun-dried tomatoes , garlic , onions , or any other herbs . bake at
375 for 25-30 min or until golden . cut into squares and serve .
food and wine bb topic : food software time : 06/20 1:54 am

to : ruth burkhardt ( kkbg35a ) from : ruth burkhardt ( kkbg35a )
subject : r-mm pizza mega

yield : 1 servings




creole tomato bread : : : gwhp32a

breads , dak

1 pkg yeast
2 3/4 cup better for bread flour
2 tablespoon gluten
1 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 cup mushrooms ; fresh/sliced
1/4 cup celery ; fine chopped
1/4 cup red bell pepper ; fine chopped
2 tablespoon pimentos ; drained/diced
1 tablespoon minced onion ; dried
1/2 cup tomato soup ; canned + 1 tb
1 each egg
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon molasses
2/3 cup v-8 veg . juice ; heated

add all ingredients into the pan in the order listed . select white
bread and push `` start '' . basin street without the `` blues '' is provided
by this colorful , nutritious bread . unusual and just wonderful .
shared by barb day

yield : 1 servings




pat 's broccoli cornbread

appetizers , breads , vegetables

4 pkg jiffy corn muffin mix
10 each eggs - beaten
4 cup cottage cheese
2 cup sharp cheddar cheese shredded
3 each sticks of melted oleo
2 each 10oz box of chopped broccoli
2 each small onion - chopped

heat oven to 375 degrees . mix all ingredients together until just
mixed and lumpy . pour into 9 x 13 greased pan bake for about 40
minutes . terrific recipe to go along with your blackeyed peas on new
year 's day ! ! ! this recipe came from pat priest , a `` bunco buddy '' .

yield : 20 servings




create-a-muffin

breads , quick & easy

2 cup pancake & waffle mix - ( aunt jemima ; original )
1/3 cup sugar
1 cup milk
1 egg ; beaten
1/3 cup vegetable oil

heat oven to 425 f. grease 12 medium muffin cups or line with paper
baking cups . in medium bowl , combine pancake mix and sugar . add
milk , egg and oil , mixing just until dry ingredients are moistened .
fill prepared muffin cups 2/3 full . bake 17 to 20 minutes or until
light golden brown .

blueberry muffins : add 3/4 cup fresh or frozen blueberries to batter .

surprise muffins : fill muffin cups 1/2 full with batter ; spoon 1 level
teaspoon desired flavor preserves into center of each . top with
remaining batter , filling each muffin cup 2/3 full .

nut muffins : add 3/4 cup chopped nuts to batter .

whole wheat muffins : substitute aunt jemima whole wheat pancake &
waffle mix for original . top each muffin with a pecan half before
baking , if desired .

buckwheat muffins : substitute aunt jemima buckwheat pancake & waffle
mix for original .

nutritional analysis per muffin : * calories 176 * carbohydrates 23 g *
protein 3 g * fat 8 g * calcium 128 mg * sodium 340 mg * cholesterol
25 mg * dietary fiber 1 g

source : `` hurry , let 's eat ! '' reprinted with permission from the quaker
oats company electronic format courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




bermuda johnny bread

breads

1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 egg
1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter

mix sugar , flour , salt , and baking powder . add egg and milk and mix .
melt butter in frying pan . spoon a third of the batter into the pan .
fry on low heat until brown . turn and brown the other side . repeat
twice with the remaining batter . split bread in half and serve with
plenty of butter and jam .

yield : 6 servings




mw bread pudding***rfnr19b

breads , desserts

6 each slices bread , broken , with c
2 cup milk
1 teaspoon butter
1 1/4 cup sugar
2 each eggs
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup raisins

heat milk and butter 3 minutes . stir in beaten eggs and sugar . add
remaining ingredients . pour over bread , i use a 9 in glass pie
plate . cook elavated for 7-8 mins on high.use small glass dish to
elevate plate . remove from micro and let stand 5 mins . topping 4 t
butter 1 c powerded sugar 1 oz . rum or rum flavoring , which is what i
use . mix and pour over pudding . hope you enjoy it . have n't made one
for a while , think i 'll do it tomorrow . jeannette in la .

yield : 8 servings




multi-grain soybean bread ( conventional recip

breads

1 1/2 tablespoon soy oil
1 1/2 tablespoon honey
2 cup warm water ( 105 f to 115 f )
1 pkg ( 1/4 ounce ) dry yeast
1 cup water
2 cup bread flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup soy flour
1 1/2 tablespoon nonfat powdered milk
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon cornmeal
1/2 cup bran flakes
1 teaspoon flax seeds
1 teaspoon whole millet

combine warm water , soybean oil , honey , and dry yeast into measuring
cup . allow to stand 5 minutes .

measure flours and other ingredients into mixing bowl . blend warm
liquids into flour mixture . beat with an electric mixer at medium
speed for two minutes , occasionally scraping the sides of the bowl .
the dough will be stiff .

turn out onto a lightly floured board and knead mixture until it
becomes smooth and elastic , and dough does not stick to the board .
place dough in bowl that has been rubbed down with soy oil , and allow
to double in volume . punch down . knead lightly and shape into loaf .
place in greased 9 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan and let rise to double volume ,
approximately 30 minutes .

bake in 350 f oven for 35 to 40 minutes . allow to cool on rack .

yield : one loaf of delicious and nutritious bread .

reprinted with permission from the indiana soybean development
council . meal-master format by karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




butterscotch banana bread

breads , desserts , fruits , bananas

3 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 eggs
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup butter -- melted
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup milk
1 teaspoon nutmeg
2 2/3 cup chopped nuts
1 teaspoon salt
12 oz butterscotch chips
2 cup mashed bananas

preheat oven to 350 . mix all dry ingredients except the sugar and set
aside . cream together butter and sugar until creamy . add eggs and
bananas . gradually add flour mixture alternating with milk . mix until
well blended . stir in butterscotch morsels and the chopped nuts . pour
into 2 greased and floured loaf pans . sprinkle remaining nuts on top .
bake 60-70 minutes . ( if you 'd prefer making 4 small loaves , bake 50
min . at 350 . cool 14 min . and remove from pans or morsels will stick .

recipe by :

yield : 16 servings




sourdough raisin-oat bread

breads

1 nfxs18b
1 cup lukewarm evaporated milk
1 1/2 cup sourdough starter
1/2 cup molasses
1/4 cup honey
4 tablespoon butter melted
1/2 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon ground allspice
2 cup unprocessed rolled oats
3/4 cup raisins*
2 1/2 cup white flour

*raisins are tossed lightly with a little flour . in lg warmed bowl ,
combine milk , starter , molasses , honey , butter , salt and allspice .
gradually add oats , a small amount at a time , mixing in well , then
stir in raisins . beat in flour , 1/2 c at a time , to form a stiff
dough . turn out onto floured board and knead 5-7 min , adding
additional flour only as needed to prevent sticking . form into smooth
ball , place in oiled bowl , turn to coat all surfaces , cover with
dampened towel and let rise in warm place at least 2 hr or until
double in bulk . punch down , turn out onto board and knead briefly .
cover with towel and let rise 10 mins . divide dough into 2 equal
portions , form into loaves and place in 2 # 2 loaf pans . cover with
towel and let rise in warm place 1-1/2 hr or until almost double in
size . bake at 375 for 35-40 mins or until bread tests done . turn out
onto wire rack , turn right side up and cool .

yield : 2 servings




stollen

breads , christmas , german

1/4 oz yeast ( dried ) , active ( 1 package )
3/4 cup water , warm
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
3 large eggs
1 egg yolk
1/2 cup butter , soft
3 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon lemon peel , grated
1 cup almonds ( blanched ) , chopped
1/2 cup citronat ( candied lemon peel ) , cut ; into small pieces
1/2 cup orangenat ( candied orange peel ) , cu ; t into small pieces
1/2 cup raisins

dissolve the yeast in the water and proof it . add the sugar , eggs , egg
yolk , butter and half of the flour . beat for 10 minutes . blend in the
remaining flour , nuts , fruits and peel . let rise about 1 1/2 hours , until
doubled . punch down , cover and refrigerate overnight .

knead the dough . roll into one or two rectangles , butter it , and fold over
the edges to make a rolled loaf . place on a greased cookie sheet with the
folded edges down . spread with a combination of 1 egg white and about 1 t
water . let rise until doubled in size ( 45 to 60 minutes ) . bake 30-35
minutes at 375 degrees f. until golden brown .

notes :

* traditional german christmas bread -- germans traditionally eat stollen
around christmas time . this recipe comes from someone i went to school
with . she , and her parents , who are from southern germany , recommended it
as quite an authentic recipe . it is indeed a very tasty and rich bread .
makes 1 large or 2 small loaves .

* my loaves of stollen come out somewhat wide and short . some
traditionalists make them long and narrow . you can also make them in
normal bread pans instead of on cookies sheets , in which case you should
increase the baking time somewhat .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : hand-on time : 30 minutes ; rising times : 1 1/2 hours + overnight
+ 1 hour ; baking time : 30-35 minutes .
: precision : measure the ingredients , though you can experiment with the
fruits and nuts .

: aviva garrett
: santa cruz , california , usa
: excelan , inc. , san jose , california
: { ucbvax ! mtxinu ihnp4 ! cae780 } ! excelan ! aviva

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 1 batch




quick sourdough french bread

breads

4 1/2 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon wheat germ
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ginger
2 pkg fast-acting dry yeast
1 cup warm water ; ( 120-130* )
1 cup sour cream ; room temp .
2 tablespoon vinegar
1 egg white
1 tablespoon water
2 teaspoon poppy seeds

1 . in large bowl , combine 1 1/2 c flour , and next five ingredients
( wheat germ , sugar , salt , ginger and yeast ) ; blend well . add water ,
sour cream and vinegar to flour mixture . blend at low speed until
mositened ; beat 3 minutes at medium speed . stir in an additional 2 to
2 1/2 c flour until dough pulls cleanly away from sides of bowl . 2 .
on floured surface , knead in remaining 1/2 to 1 c flour until dough
is smooth and elastic , about 5 minutes . place dough in greased bowl ;
cover loosely with plastic wrap and cloth towel . let rise in warm
place until light and doubled in size , 25-35 minutes . 3 . grease large
cookie sheet . punch down dough several times to remove all air
bubbles . allow to rest on counter covered with inverted bowl for 15
minutes . divide dough in half ; roll each half to 14x8 '' rectangle .
starting with longest side , roll up ; pinch edges firmly to seal .
place seam side down on greased cookie sheet ; taper ends to a point .
with sharp knife , make five 1/4 '' deep diagonal slashes on top of each
loaf . cover ; let rise in warm place until light and doubled in size ,
about 15 minutes . 4 . heat oven to 375*f. bake 25 minutes . in small
bowl , beat egg white and water . remove bread from oven ; brush with
egg white mixture . sprinkle with poppy seed . return to oven . bake an
additional 5 to 10 minutes or until loaves sound hollow when lightly
tapped . immediately remove from cookie sheet ; cool on wire racks .
makes 2 ( 17 oz . ) loaves . a pillsbury bake-off winning recipe ,
formated for you by judy lausch .

yield : 2 servings




gingerbread-bisquick

breads , mixes

1 cup bisquick ; mix
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon cloves
1/4 teaspoon ginger
2 tablespoon sugar
1 yolk ; or half egg
1/4 cup molasses water

stir in sugar and spices into mix . add water , egg , and molasses . stir
half into mix beat 2 minutes . add remainer and beat 1 minute . bake in
a 4 x 6 inch pan that has been greased and floured at 350 for about
40 minutes . or bake in a waffle iron for gingerbread waffles top
waffles with whipped cream and chopped bananas for something special .
formatted by diana lewis

yield : 1 servings




gobhi paratha

breads , indian

-- -- dough -- --
4 cup whole-wheat flour
1 to 3 cups cold water
3/4 cup ghee
-- -- cauliflower filling -- --
2 tablespoon ghee
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger root
1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic
1/2 cup finely chopped onions
1 teaspoon turmeric
1/8 teaspoon ground hot red pepper
1 medium cauliflower , trimmed , and coarsely ; chopped
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh hot green chil ; i ( caution )
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon salt
6 to 8 tablespoons ghee

indian flat bread with spiced cauliflower filling

dough :

prepare the whole-wheat dough in the following fashion : in a small
bowl , combine the whole-wheat flour and 1/4 cup of the ghee . with
your fingertips rub the flour and fat together until they look like
flakes of coarse meal . pour 1 cup of water over the mixture all at
once , knead together vigorously , and gather the dough into a compact
ball . if the dough crumbles , add up to 2 cups more water , 1/4 cup at
a time , until the particles adhere .

on a lightly floured surface , knead the dough by folding it end to
end , then pressing it down and pushing it forward several times with
the heel of your hand . repeat for 7 or 8 minutes , until the dough is
smooth and elastic . again gather it into a ball . place the dough in
a bowl , drape a kitchen towel over the top , and let it rest at room
temperature for at least 30 minutes before rolling it .

cauliflower filling :

meanwhile , in a heavy 10 to 12-inch skillet , heat 2 tablespoons of
ghee over high heat until a drop of water flicked into it splutters
instantly . stir in the ginger and garlic , then the onions . lower the
heat to moderate and , stirring constantly , fry the mixture for 7 or 8
minutes , until the onions are soft and golden brown . watch carefully
for any sign of burning and regulate the heat accordingly .

stir in the turmeric , red pepper , cauliflower , chili , cumin and salt .
reduce the heat to low , cover tightly and cook for 10 minutes , or
until the cauliflower is tender but still slightly resistant to the
bite . to make the parathas , divide the cauliflower mixture into 9
equal portions . divide the dough also into 9 portions and drape a
dampened kitchen towel over them to keep the dough moist .

one at a time , on a lightly floured surface , roll a ball of dough
into a round about 5 inches in diameter . place a portion of the
filling mixture in the center of the round and fold the edges over
it , pressing them together to enclose the filling securely . pat the
filled paratha flat with your hands , then gently roll it again to
make a round about 5 inches in diameter . as you shape and fill the
parathas , set them aside , covered with a dampened kitchen towel to
keep them from drying out .

heat an ungreased 10 to 12-inch skillet with a non stick finish or a
well-seasoned cast-iron skillet or griddle until it is hot enough for
a drop of water flicked into it to splutter instantly . place one of
the parathas in the pan and , moving it about constantly with your
fingers or the edge of a metal spatula , cook for a minute or so . with
a wide spatula , turn the paratha over and brush about a teaspoon of
the ghee on the top . cook for 2 minutes , then turn it over , spread
with another teaspoon of ghee and cook for i minute . turning
frequently , continue to cook until the paratha is brown on both
sides . ( when you have mastered the technique , you will find you can
fry 2 or 3 parathas at a time , depending on the size of your skillet
or griddle . )

serve the parathas warm , as a mealtime bread . they are traditionally
accompanied by plain yoghurt or any rayta . parathas may be cooked
ahead and reheated in a hot ungreased skillet for a minute or so on
each side .

makes nine 5-inch breads .

from `` the cooking of india '' by santha rama rau , time-life books ,
foods of the world series , 1969 . loc number 79-98164 .

posted by stephen ceideberg ; february 28 1993 .

yield : 1 servings




molasses brown bread

breads

2 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour
1 1/2 cup wheat germ
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup raisins ; mixed dark & light
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 7/8 cup buttermilk
1/3 cup molasses

preheat oven to 325 degrees f. grease a 9 x 5 x 3-inch pan . combine
flour , wheat germ , brown sugar , salt and raisins in a mixing bowl . mix
well . in a second mixing bowl , mix baking soda , buttermilk and
molasses , using a wooden spoon . this misture will start to bubble .
immediately mix it into the dry ingredients . spoon the batter into
the greased pan . bake at once . the bread is done when a toothpick
comes out clean , about 1 hour . turn out of the pan and cool on a wire
rack . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 4 servings




festive cranberry loaf

breads , fruits , nuts

2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 each egg ; lg , beaten
1 teaspoon orange rind ; grated
1/4 cup walnuts ; chopped
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening
3/4 cup orange juice ; fresh
1 cup raw cranberries ; coarse chop
1 teaspoon unbleached flour

sift the 2 cups of flour , sugar , baking powder , salt and baking soda
into a bowl then , using a pastry blender , cut the shortening in until
crumbs form . combine the egg , orange juice and orange rind and add
to the crumb mixture all at once , stirring until just moistened .
combine the coarsely chopped cranberries , walnuts and 1 tb of flour
and add the mixture to the batter . pour into a greased and waxpaper
lined loaf pan 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pan . bake in a
preheated 350 degree f. oven for 1 hour or until a cake tester or
wood pick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool in the pan for
10 minutes before turning out to cool to room temperature . wrap the
loaf in aluminum foil and let stand over night for better slicing .

yield : 4 servings




prepared pancake flour

breads

3 cup flour ; pastry
1 cup corn meal
3 teaspoon baking powder ; heaping
1 teaspoon baking soda ; heaping
1 tablespoon salt

mix and sift ingredients 3 times . keep in dry place . to use , take 1 c .
mixture , add 1/2 c. dry bread crumbs . beat 1 egg in cup , fill with
sweet or sour milk , stir into dry mixture , add a little more milk if
necessary to form a batter . bake on hot griddle .

source : mrs. ricka witt , springfield grange , williams county , oh

yield : 1 servings




christmas bunuelos

breads , christmas

1 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1 teaspoon baking powder
4 cup flour
1/4 cup oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
1 cup water
1 each sugar & cinnamon mixture

from : sam waring

sift all dry ingredients together . slowly add water and a little
oil . turn onto a lightly floured board and knead until dough is
smooth and elastic . divide into about 40 small balls ; roll out into
approximately 4 '' to 6 '' circles . fry in very hot oil ( hot and deep )
until delicately browned on both sides . drain on paper towels and
sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar mixed .

~ -- eats , a folk history of texas foods by linck and roach

yield : 6 servings




raisin nut bran muffins

breads

2 cup raisin nut bran cereal
1 cup milk
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 egg
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt

heat oven to 400-degrees . line 12 medium muffin cups , 2-1/2 x 1-1/4
inches , with paper baking cups . mix cereal and milk in large bowl .
let stand until cereal is softened , about 5 minutes . beat in oil and
egg . mix in remaining ingredients just until moistened . divide batter
evenly among cups . bake until wooden pick inserted in center comes
out clean , 18 to 23 minutes . makes 12 muffins . high altitude
directions ( 3500 to 6500 feet ) : heat oven to 425-degrees .

yield : 12 muffins




prune muffins

breads

1/4 cup shortening
1/4 cup sugar ; granulated
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 each egg
2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup milk
3/4 cup prunes ; cooked - well drain ed ; c

mix and bake in hot oven .

note : hot oven is 400 - 450 f. time not given , probably about 25
minutes .

source : mrs. jeneila gillson , united grange , marion county , oh

yield : 1 servings




navajo fry bread fbfj97a

breads , mexican

1 single oil
2 cup flour ; unsifted
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup water ; warm ( maybe more )
1 single cornmeal

put 2 to 3 inches oil in fryer and heat to 400 degrees . combine
flour , baking powder , and salt . add 1/2 cup warm water and continue
adding water to reach the consistancy of bread dough . tear off balls
of dough . roll out balls on a board lightly dusted with cornmeal to
1/4 inch thick . punch a holl in the center of each piece . fry bread
one at a time , turning as soon as it becomes golden . drain on
absorbent paper and serve hot with honey or powderedsugar . these are
also good plain or with salsa on top .
*****tex-mex cookbook*****

yield : 1 servings




zucchini brownies

biscuits

4 eggs
1 1/2 cup oil
2 cup sugar
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon cocoa
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 cup grated zucchini
1 cup chopped nuts

beat together eggs , oil and sugar . mix together the dry ingredients
until smooth .

mix all together well and spread into greased jelly roll pan . 350
degrees for 25-30 minutes

yield : 1 servings




banana stuffed french toast

breads

1 loaf sourdough bread
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup sugar
4 bananas halved cross and len
4 eggs
1 cup half and half
1 teaspoon vanilla

cut a pocket in each slice bread ; divide the banana 's and stuff in the
bread . whisk together the eggs and half and half . saturate each side
of bread slices . grill bread slices in oil or butter on both sides ,
until golden . combine the sugar , cinnamon and vanilla , sprinkle over
the top of the the french toast .
enjoy , sheryl

yield : 1 servings




corn fritters

breads , londontowne

1 1/2 cup sifted flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
16 oz can cream style corn
1 each egg , slightly beaten
1 cup corn oil
1 single powdered sugar

sift together dry ingredients . mix together corn and egg . add dry
ingredients . stir slowly . heat oil in large skillet over medium heat .
drop batter by tablespoonfuls into hot oil , one layer at a time . fry
about 2 minutes on each side until golden brown . drain on absorbent
paper , and dust with powdered sugar if desired . makes 16 fritters .
mrs. john p. elberti

yield : 16 servings




cornmeal crepes with berries

breads

3 cup sliced strawberries
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup milk
3 large eggs
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 1/2 teaspoon butter or margarine
1/4 cup apricot jam
1 vanilla low-fat yogurt*

* - or regular sour cream

mix strawberries and sugar ; set aside . in a blender , whirl milk , eggs ,
flour , cornmeal , and vanilla until there are no lumps .

place a flat-bottom 7-8 '' -wide frying or crepe pan over medium-high
heat . when pan is hot , add 1/4 teaspoon butter and swirl to coat
surface . pour in 1/4 cup batter all at once ; quickly tilt pan so
batter flows over entire surface ( do n't worry if there are a few
holes ) . cook until surface is dry and edge is lightly browned , about
1 minute . turn with a spatula and brown other side . turn out onto a
plate ; keep warm . repeat to cook remainder , stirring batter
thoroughly before cooking each crepe ( cornmeal sinks ) , and stacking
crepes as made .

spread 1 side of each crepe lightly with jam ; fold in quarters . offer
crepes with berries and yogurt to add to taste .

yield : 10 servings




herman starter # l

breads

1 ingredients
1 *-+*
2 cup flour
3 tablespoon sugar
1 envelope active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup warm water ( 105 to 115 degrees )

***** herman 's starter *****

directions *-+*

in large bowl mix flour , sugar , yeast and salt . gradually stir in the
water ; beat or whisk until smooth . cover with towel ; set in warm ( 80
to 85 degree ) draft-free place-the kitchen or other warm room in
summer , or in cold weather on top of insulated furnace or radiator ,
on a buffer such as a folded towel or pillow . stir 2 or 3 times a day
for about 3 days or until starter is bubbly and produces a yeast
aroma . transfer to a larger bowl , large jar or plastic container .
cover partially ( tilt lid or punch holes in plastic cover ) ;
refrigerate . makes about 1 1/2 to 2 cups starter , depending on
thickness . it can be creamy or as thick as dough because of room
conditions , the age of `` herman '' and other variables .

the flavor of this starter evolves as it ages-mildly sweet when
young , more like sourdough when older .

herman is replenished only after you use it . if that is going to be
longer than 14 days , then put it in the freezer until ready to use .

from paul corley posted by jean cody .

< courtesy of fred peters >

yield : 1 servings




light rye

breads

4 teaspoon active dry yeast
2 tablespoon caraway seeds
7/8 cup rye flour
3 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon butter
3 tablespoon sugar , scant
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup water

add all ingredients and `` start '' .

note : do n't use gluten .

from : christine erickson ( mmvh58b ) - prodigy posted by : debbie
carlson - cooking echo

yield : 6 servings




yuletide toffee squares

biscuits

-- -- from brigitte sealing -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs 3157861120 -- --
4 1/2 cup oats , uncooked
1 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup margarine , melted
1/2 cup dark corn syrup
1 tablespoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg 12 oz chocolate chips
2 tablespoon shortening
2/3 cup chopped nuts

1 . heat oven to 450f . lightly grease a 15 x 10 pan .

2 . combine oats , sugar , margarine , corn syrup , vanilla and salt . mix
well . firmly press mixture into the pan . bake 12 minutes , or until
mixture is brown and bubbly . cool completely .

3 . in a saucepan or microwave , melt the chocolate chips and
shortening . stir constantly if melting on the stove . spread evenly
over the oat base , and sprinkle with nuts . chill until set , and cut
into bars .

typed for you by linda fields , cyberealm bbs 315-785-8098

yield : 60 bars




olive ladder bread - fougasse ( bd )

breads , quick bread , grains

2 1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon dry yeast
6 cup unbleached all purpose flour -- ( 6 ; to 7 )
2 tablespoon olive oil plus extra for oiling sur ; faces
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup pitted and chopped black olives ( ny ; ons or
1 kalamata )
1/4 cup buckwheat flour

recipe by : baker 's dozen show # bd1a29 you will need a large bread
bowl , four 10- by 15- inch or larger baking sheets that will fit in
pairs side-by-side in your oven , a sharp knife or razor blade , and a
pastry brush . place water in a large bowl , sprinkle on yeast , then
stir in 2 1/2 cups of the all purpose flour . stir 100 times in the
same direction ( one minute ) to develop the gluten , then leave this
sponge covered with plastic wrap for 30 minutes or up to two hours .
stir in olive oil , salt , olives , and buckwheat flour . mix in
remaining flour , a cup at a time , stirring always in the same
direction , until dough becomes too stiff to stir . turn dough out onto
a well floured working surface . using floured hands , knead gently
until the dough has an even consistency ( apart from the olives ) , then
knead 5 minutes longer . clean bread bowl , oil it lightly , place dough
in the bowl , then cover with plastic wrap . let rise for 2 to 3 hours .
it will have almost doubled in volume . oil two 10 by 15 inch ( or
larger ) baking sheets . flatten dough down gently with your hands ,
then turn out onto floured working surface . cut dough in half , return
half to the bread bowl and cover . divide remaining half in two . knead
each half into a ball and then flatten gently with the palm of your
hand . let stand five minutes to rest . working with each piece in
turn , flatten out with your palms into a rectangle or oval about 10
inches long and 5 to 6 inches wide . it will be about 1/2 to 3/4 inch
thick . transfer each to a lightly oiled baking sheet at least 14
inches long . let loaves rise for 20 to 30 minutes , covered with a
damp towel or plastic wrap . preheat oven to 400 degrees and set rack
at the center of the oven or just above . ( if your baking sheets do
not fit side-by-side on one rack , place two racks in oven , one just
above the center and one just below . one bread can go on each rack ;
about halfway through baking ( after 10 to 12 minutes ) , switch the
two around . ) just before placing in the oven , use a sharp knife or
razor blade to make cuts through the breads : starting two inches from
the top and about an inch from the side , cut across the bread to
within an inch of the other side . make two more cuts , parallel to
the first , at about 2 inch intervals ( the cuts should go all the way
through the dough ) . the dough will separate at each cut , so that the
bread looks like a kind of fat-runged ladder ; you can pull dough
apart even more if you wish and if your baking sheets are long
enough , by pulling gently on each end of the breads to make the slits
gape more . brush each loaf lightly with olive oil all over , place in
the oven , and bake for 20 minutes . breads will be golden when done .
once first two loaves are in the oven , oil two more baking sheets ,
then flatten remaining dough , divide into two , and repeat steps
required to form loaves . breads should almost have finished rising by
the time the first batch comes out of the oven . yield : 4 loaves
jackie bordelon < jbord @ premier.net >

yield : 1 servings




cherry-oatmeal muffins

breads , breakfast , magazine

2 1/4 cup flour ; all-purpose
4 1/2 oz quick oats
2 tablespoon orange peel ; grated
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 lb + 2 oz pitted sour cherries
1 . canned , drained
3/4 cup frozen orange juice
1 . concentrate ; thawed
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 large egg ; lightly beaten
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoon brown sugar ; packed

1 . preheat oven to 400f . spray twelve 2 3/4 '' muffin cups with
nonstick cooking spray .

2 . in large bowl , with fork , combine flour , oats , peel and baking
powder . add cherries and toss . in small bowl , combine 1 cup water ,
the juice , oil , egg and vanilla . add liquid ingredients to dry ; mix
with a fork until just combined . do not overmix .

3 . spoon batter evenly into prepared cups ; sprinkle tops evenly with
sugar . bake 12 - 15 minutes , or until toothpick inserted in center
comes out clean . remove from pan ; place on rack to cool .

each serving provides : 1 fa , 1 1/2 b , 1 fr , 10 c. per serving : 228
cal , 6g pro , 6g fat , 38g car , 117mg sod ,
18 mg chol .

night before : bake muffins . refrigerate or freeze in sealable
plastic bags .

yield : 12 muffins




potato bread with sour cream & chives

breads

1 pkg yeast
3 cup better for bread flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon onion salt
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup masbed potato flakes ; dry
1/4 cup instant nonfat dry milk
2 tablespoon cbopped chives ; dried
1 egg
1/2 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon butter ; or margarine
3/4 cup very warm water

add all tbe ingredients into tbe pan in the order listed select wbite
breadand pusb `` start '' . this bread tastes just as delicious as it
sounds . savor it with a steak dinner , fill with homemade beef pate
for finger sandwiches ; or toast the slices , dust with garlic salt .

yield : 15 servings




whole wheat bread for the zojirushi

breads

1 1/3 cup water
1/3 cup honey
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 cup whole wheat flour
1/3 cup cornmeal
1 tablespoon active dry yeast

measure water , honey , and salt into baking pan . add flour and
cornmeal . tap container firmly to level out ingredients and sprinkle
yeast in center . insert pan securely into baking unit and close lid .
select basic white bread setting . press start . the complete light
will flash when bread is done . using hotpads , remove pan from unit
and pull out kneading rod . turn out onto cooling rack and cool before
slicing . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 loaf




doctor zeus zucchini bread

breads

3 eggs
1 cup oil
2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup zucchini ; shredded
8 1/2 oz crushed pineapple ; drained
1 cup nuts ; chopped
1/2 cup raisins
3 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon nutmeg
2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon baking powder

beat the eggs , oil , sugar , and vanilla in a large bowl until thick .
stir in the remaining ingredients . mix well . pour into 2 greased
loaf pans . bake at 350 for 1 hour . source : beverly hillbillies
cookbook

yield : 2 loaves




cheese & dijon pretzels

breads

4 1/2 cup flour ; all purpose
2 teaspoon sugar ; granulated salt
1 tablespoon fleishmann 's instant yeast -
1 1/4 cup cheddar cheese ; shredded
1 2/3 cup milk
1/3 cup dijon mustard
1 coarse salt ; optional
1 sesame or poppy seeds ; opt

reserve 1 cup flour . in large bowl , combine remaining flour ( 3 1/4
c ) , sugar , salt , yeast and cheese . heat milk and mustard until very
warm ( about 125f ) and stir in dry ingredients . mix in enough reserved
flour to make soft dough that does not stick to bowl . knead on
lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic , about 8 minutes .
cover and let rest on floured surface
10 minutes .

divide dough into 16 equal pieces . roll each piece into 20 inch
rope . on lightly greased baking sheets , shape into pretzels ; curve
ends of each rope to make circle , cross ends at top , twist ends once
and lay over bottom of each circle . cover and let rise in warm ,
draft-free place 15 minutes .

brush tops with water and sprinkle with coarse salt and sesame or
poppy seeds , if desired .

bake in preheated 375f oven 12 to 15 minutes or until golden . remove
pretzels to cooling racks .

yield : 16 servings




citrus dumplings

breads , citrus

1/2 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel
1/2 cup orange juice
2 teaspoon cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
11 oz mandarin orange sect. , drain
1/2 cup bisquick
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon milk
1 teaspoon sugar
1 single dash ground cinnamon

in a 1-quart casserole stir together orange juice , cornstarch and 1/4
t ground cinnamon . micro-cook , uncovered , on 100 % power for 1 1/2 to
2 minutes or till thickened and bubbly , stirring every 30 seconds .
stir in drained mandarin orange sections and finely shredded orange
peel . micro-cook , uncovered , on 100 % power for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or
till mixture is heated through . meanwhile for dumplings , stir
together bisquick and 2 t sugar . add milk , stirring just till
moistened . drop mixture into four mound atop the hot orange mixture .
micro-cook , uncovered , at 50 % power for 6 to 7 minutes or till
dumplings are just set . stir together the 1 t sugar and dash of ground
cinnamon . sprinkle sugar mixture atop dumplings .

yield : 2 servings




white cloud inn baked nut loaf

breads , vegetarian

1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 cup diced celery
1 tablespoon oil
1 cup chopped nuts ( walnuts and
1 cashews ) , finely chopped
1 cup cottage cheese
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup bread crumbs
2 eggs , lightly beaten
1/4 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1 1/4 teaspoon onion powder
2/3 cup water

from : the thanksgiving book

`` this hearty vegetarian standard takes the place of roast turkey at
white cloud inn , in the pocono mountains of penn . '' preheat oven to
375 . saute onion and celery in oil . put all ingredients into a
greased 11-3/4 `` x 7-1/2 '' baking dish and bake until just firm and
slightly brown on top , about 35 to 40 minuets . serve with you
favorite sauce or gravy . the inn uses a mushroom sauce , but the dish
is also good with a tomato sauce or onion gravy . yield : 5 to 6
servings .

shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




focaccio

breads , barry

1 lb white unbleached plain flour
4 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 pint warm water
1/2 dry yeast sachet
1 pinch sugar
1 rosemary or sage

mash the yeast with a little of the water until it looks like mud .
add the sugar and leave for 10 minutes until frothy .

put the rest of the water , the flour , a little of the salt and the
olive oil into a large bowl . when the yeast is frothy , add that too .
knead thoroughly for about 5 minutes . cover with a clean , damp tea
towel or cling film and leave it in the bowl in a warm place for
about 30 minutes . it will double in size .

take the dough out , put on a board , cut it in half and spread so you
have two dinner plate-sized pieces . sprinkle the rest of the salt
over the top , then add the rosemary or sage leaves , patting them into
the dough .

put the loaves into a hot oven , gas mark 7 , 400f , 200c for about 20
minutes .

the bread will only rise marginally and will have a lovely pale
golden top .

yield : 1 servings




russian pancakes

breads , quick & easy

1/2 cup yogurt
1 egg
1 tablespoon butter -- softened
1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

mix yogurt , egg and butter . combine flour and baking soda and stir
into= yogurt mixture . cook on hot , lightly buttered griddle until
golden . makes 4= pancakes . serve these unusual 'cakes with a dollop
of sour cream or yogurt= garnish with fresh berries .

sample recipe from the cookbook , `` presentations '' ( midwest-ne ) 1996
bookstore : http : //www.virtumall.com/cookbook

~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20

recipe by : presentations ( recipes from the midwest and northeast )

yield : 2 servings




chocolate swirl babka

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water ( 105-115 deg . )
1/3 cup sugar
2/3 cup warm milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 tablespoon butter , softened
4 1/2 cup to 5 cups flour
3 eggs
3 tablespoon butter , melted
1 cup walnuts
-- -- cocoa mixture -- --
1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa
2/3 cup sugar
-- -- glaze -- --
2 tablespoon butter , softened
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/3 cup confectioners sugar
1/4 cup flour

combine first 2 ingredients until smooth . add sugar & blend . add
flour and mix until crumbly .

sprinkle yeast over warm water , add 1 tsp sugar . let stand 5 minutes .
add sugar , milk , salt , vanilla , and butter . add 2-1/2 cups flour and
mix to blend . beat on medium until smooth and elastic ( about 5 min . ) .

separate 1 egg and save white for the glaze . beat yolk and whole eggs
one at a time into mixture . add 1-1/2 cups more flour .

turn dough out onto lightly floured board or cloth . knead 10-15 min .
until small bubbles appear in dough . continue adding small amounts of
flour as is necessary .

turn dough into greased bowl and cover . let rise until doubled , about
30-45 minutes .

punch down dough and invert bowl over dough . let rest 10 minutes .
divide dough in half and roll out into 2 10x20 '' rectangles . brush 1/2
of melted butter over each rectangle , leaving 1/2 '' margin around all
edges . sprinkle 1/2 of cocoa mixture over each , then sprinkle nuts
1/2 over each .

cocoa mixture :

1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa 2/3 cup sugar

blend until there are no lumps .

beginning with long sides , roll jellyroll fashion and pinch to seal .
place zig-zag to fit in 4-1/2 x 8-1/2 '' loaf pans . let rise to doubled
about 45 minutes .

preheat oven to 350 . beat egg white with 1 tsp water . brush dough with
glaze and sprinkle topping over dough .

glaze :

2 tbsp butter , softened 1/4 tsp ground cinnamon 1/3 cup confectioners
sugar 1/4 cup flour

bake 30-35 minutes . carefully remove from pans and let cool on rack .

yield : 1 recipe




onion lover 's bread

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup hot water
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup soft butter
1 egg , room temperature
1 filling :
1/4 cup soft butter
1 cup finely chopped onions
1 tablespoon grated cheese
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
1 teaspoon garlic
1 teaspoon paprika

dissolve yeast in warm water . add two cups flour , and the sugar ,
salt , hot water , milk , butter , and egg . blend until moist.l beat for
two minutes . stir in the remaining flour . cover . let rise in a warm
place until light and double in size . ( 45 to 60 minutes ) .

meanwhile , for the filling , melt the butter in a medium saucepan .
remove from heat and stir in the other filling ingredients . mix
thoroughly and set aside .

stir dough down . toss on floured surface until no longer sticky .
roll into a 12 x 18 inch rectangle . cut into three 4 inch wide
strips . spread each strip with filling , leaving a 1/2 inch margin
around the edge . roll each strip and seal the edges ( so the filling
is inside ) . braid the three strips together . cover . let rise until
double in size . bake at 350 on a greased sheet until golden brown .

source : rock springs sweet onion festival cook book 1992

yield : 6 servings




prize winning quick brown bread

breads

1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup syrup ; maple or molasses
1 teaspoon salt
1 each egg
2 cup sour or buttermilk
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup flour ; white
2 cup graham flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon shortening ; melted

beat first four ingredients , add soda dissolved in milk . add flour and
baking powder sifted together , then shortening . bake in 5 x 10 inch
greased pan for 1 hour in oven 375 f .

source : dela carver , hamden grangem geauga county , oh

yield : 1 servings




challah almost like aunt leah 's

breads , jewish

5 teaspoon yeast , dry
2 cup potato water
3/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
3 egg
7 cup flour ; ( adjust as needed )
1/2 cup oil

dissolve yeast in potato water . add sugar , and let stand five
minutes . add salt and beaten eggs . stir in four cups of the flour .
add oil , stirring while adding . stir in enough remaining flour to
make dough that forms a ball and is not sticky .

put dough on a floured board . cover with a towel and let rest 10
minutes . knead 10 minutes . put in a greased bowl , and let rise until
it doubles ( about one hour ) . punch down . braid to form two loaves
and place on cookie sheets . let rise again , approximately 50
minutes . use a pastry brush to gently coat with a glaze made of a
beaten egg and a few drops of water . sprinkle the top with sesame
seeds . bake at 350 degrees until well done ( approximately 45 to 50
minutes ) .

yield : 8 servings




bacon , cheese , and tomato sandwiches

breads , vegetables

3 each slices bacon
3 each slices rye bread , toasted
2 tablespoon mayo . or salad dressing
1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1 each large tomato , sliced
3 each slices swiss cheese

place bacon on microwave rack in glass dish . cover loosely and
microwave until crisp , 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 minutes .
spread toast with mayonnaise ; sprinkle with dill . place toast slices
on serving plate ; top with tomato and cheese slices . crumble bacon
and sprinkle over top .
microwave uncovered on high ( 100 % ) until cheese begins to melt , 1 to
1 1/2 minutes .

yield : 3 servings




king arthur - sourdough bread with yeast

breads

1 1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon ( or packet ) active dry yeast
1 cup sourdough starter
5 1/2 cup ( to 6 1/2 cups ) king arthur all-pur ; pose flour
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon vegetable oil

`` many recipes for sourdough breads include some active
dry yeast to spped up the process , the sourdough
starter included mainly for flavor . we recommend
beginning sourdough bakers start with this bread
before moving on to the classic sourdough bread which
follows . this version makes a quicker loaf with a
slightly different texture and taste , and is a good
introduction to the sourdough process . ''

cornmeal to sprinkle on baking pans

making the sponge : in a large mixing bowl , dissolve
the sugar and yeast in the warm water . let this sit
for 10 minutes or so until bubbly . add the starter and
stir . gradually add 3 cups of flour , stirring until
well mixed and smooth .

cover this sponge and set it aside in a warm ,
draft-free place for 4 to 5 hours .

making the dough : stir down the sponge . stir in 1
cup of flour , the salt and oil . gradually add flour
until the dough no longer sticks to the sides of the
bowl .

turn the dough out onto a lightly floured board and
knead for 3 to 4 minutes . let the dough rest while
you clean and grease your bowl . continue kneading
another 3 or 4 minutes or until the dough is smooth
and elastic . add only enough flour to the board to
keep the dough from sticking . place dough in the
greased bowl and let rise until doubled in bulk , 1 to
2 hours .

shaping & baking : knock down the dough and shape it
into two long french- or italian-style loaves . place
them on a cornmeal-sprinkled baking sheet and let them
rise for another 1 to 1 1/2 hours .

toward the end of the rising period , place a baking
pan on the oven bottom ( or on the lowest rack ) and
preheat your oven to 450 degrees .

just before baking , slash the tops diagonally every
couple of inches , about 1/4 '' deep , and brush with cold
water .

pour 2 or 3 cups of water into the pan , put the loaves
on the rack above the steaming water , and bake for
about 25 minutes .

the crust will be very hard when you remove the bread ,
but in 5 minutes it will be soft and chewy . to make
the crust crisp and chewy , turn the oven off and leave
the bread inside for an additional 5 minutes .

from : king arthur flour posted by : debbie carlson -
cooking echo

yield : 6 servings




deb 's breakfast cake

breads , breakfast

1 pkg forzen rich 's rolls
1 stick of butter
1 pkg small vanilla pudding
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup pecans

place frozen rolls in bundt pan . melt butter and pour over rolls . mix
pudding , brown sugar and nuts togehter . sprinkle mixture over rolls .
cover pan with paper towel or waxed paper and let rise overnight .
bake 350 degree oven for 30 minutes .

yield : 10 servings




light pumpernickel

breads

-- -- one pound loaf -- --
2/3 cup water
1 1/3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 1/3 tablespoon molasses
2 teaspoon gluten ( optional )
2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 1/3 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa
1 cup rye flour
1 cup bread flour
1 teaspoon yeast

bake on regular bake cycle

yield : 1 servings




karhi poori

breads , indian

1 cup flour , whole wheat pastry
1 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon pepper , black ; coarse
3 1/2 tablespoon butter , sweet ; softened
1 single oil ; for frying

sift the flours and salt into a bowl ; add the pepper
and cut in the butter until the mixture resembles
coarse oatmeal . now slowly add very hot water -- about a
half cup plus three tablespoons -- and begin to gather
the flour together . squeeze the dough into a ball . it
should just about hold together . do *not* knead . break
the dough into about fifty balls . keep them covered
with a lightly dampened tea towel . heat about 1-1/2 to
2 inches of oil in a wok over a medium flame . while
the oil is heating , begin to roll out the pooris . take
each dough ball , flatten it , and roll it into a very
rough round , about two inches in diameter . ( do n't
worry if the edges are ragged or cracked ) . roll and
fry as many pooris as the wok will conveniently hold
in one layer . fry two to three minutes a side , until
the pooris are a very light sandy color on both sides ,
and crisp . crank the heat up or down as needed . remove
the pooris and drain on paper towels or newspaper ( or
both ) . allow them to cool and store in an airtight
container . they wo n't need refrigeration , and should
stay fresh for several weeks or until the end of time .

yield : 50 servings




food processor walnut bread

breads , processor

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup light brown sugar , packed
1 cup warm water ( 105f-to-115f )
3 cup bread flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon walnut or vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup walnut pieces ; toasted
-- -- for glaze , combine -- --
1 large egg ; frothed with fork
1/2 teaspoon salt

stir yeast and sugar into warm water ; let stand until foamy , about 5
minutes . put both flours , salt and oil into food processor work bowl
fitted with metal blade . turn processor on to combine mixture . with
processor running , slowly add yeast mixture . mix until dough cleans
sides of bowl . if dough is too sticky , add more flour by the
tablespoon , working it in before adding more . if dough is too dry and
crumbly , add more water by the teaspoon , working it in before adding
more . once desired consistency is reached , process dough until well
kneaded , uniformly supple and elastic , about 40 seconds . add walnut
pieces and process for 10 seconds . remove blade . then remove dough
from bowl and press all loose walnuts into it . transfer dough to
large plastic bag , squeeze out air and seal at top . place dough in
bowl . let rise in warm spot until doubled , about 1 hour . oil baking
sheet . punch dough down and shape into smooth ball . place round side
up on baking sheet . cover loosely with oiled plastic . let rise in
warm spot until doubled , about 1 hour . 15 minutes before baking ,
preheat oven to 400f , with rack in center of oven . when loaf has
doubled , slash loaf for surface design . lightly brush with glaze .
bake until loaf is deeply browned and sounds hollow when rapped on
the bottom , about 35 minutes . immediately remove from pan to cool on
rack .

note : ( to toast nuts , spread single layer on jelly roll pan and bake
in 350f oven until fragrant and toasted , 8-to-10 minutes , watching
carefully to avoid burning )

makes 1 loaf

abby mandel - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 1 servings




gf rice flour yeast bread

breads

3 cup rice flour
10 tablespoon potato starch flour ( 5/8 cup
2 pkg dry yeast ( 2 tb )
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup dry milk
1/4 cup instant mashed potatoes
2 cup very hot tap water
1/4 cup soft butter or margarine
4 eggs , beaten

1 . sift together flours . measure 2 cups into large mixer bowl . add
dry yeast , sugar , salt , baking powder , and dry milk . mix thoroughly .
2 . combine instant mashed potatoes and hot tap water ; whip lightly
with a fork . 3 . add potato mixture and soft butter to dry ingredients
in mixer bowl . beat 3 minutes on medium speed . 4 . add remaining
flour and eggs ; beat 3 minutes on medium speed . mixture will be like
thick cake batter . 5 . leave batter in bowl ; cover and let rise in
warm place for 1 hour . batter will rise about 2 '' depending on size of
bowl . 6 . beat just enough to remove large gas bubbles . 7 . preheat
oven to 325 f. 8 . grease two 9 x 5 loaf pans . pour batter into pans ;
cover and let rise 30 minutes . 9 . bake 30 to 35 minutes until lightly
browned . especially good toasted .

yield : 2 servings




rye bread

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
2 cup rye flour
2 pkg active dry yeast *
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon caraway seed
2 cup buttermilk
1/3 cup light molasses
1 single butter or margarine

1 . in medium bowl , combine all-purpose flour and rye flour . in large
bowl , combine 2 cups flour mixture , yeast , salt , and caraway seed .
in 2-quart saucepan , over low heat , heat buttermilk , molasses and
1/3 cup butter or margarine until very warm ( 120 - 130 f ) . ( butter
or margarine does not need to melt , and mixture will appear
curdled . )

2 . with mixer at low speed , gradually beat liquid into dry
ingredients . increase speed to medium , beat mixture 2 minutes ,
occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula .

3 . gradually beat in 1/2 cup of flour mixture or enough to make a
thick batter ; continue beating 2 minutes occasionally scraping
bowl with rubber spatula . with spoon , stir in enough additional
flour mixture ( about 2 1/2 cups ) to make a soft dough .

4 . turn dough onto well-floured surface and knead until smooth and
elastic , about 10 minutes . shape the dough into a ball and place
it in a greased large bowl , turning dough over to grease top .
cover with towel ; let rise in warm place ( 80 to 85 f ) , away from
draft , until doubled , about 1 hour . ( dough is doubled when two
fingers pressed lightly into dough leave a dent . )

5 . punch down dough by pushing down the center with fist , then
pushing edges of dough into center . turn dough onto lightly
floured surface ; cut dough in half ; cover with bowl and let rest
for 15 minutes .

6 . grease large cookie sheet . shape each dough half into a smooth
round ball by pulling the sides of the dough underneath ; place
balls of dough on cookie sheet and flatten slightly ; cover with
towel ; let rise in warm place away from draft , until dough has
doubled , about 1 hour .

7 . preheat oven to 350 f. brush loaves with 2 tablespoons melted
butter or margarine . bake loaves 35 minutes or until loaves sound
hollow when lightly tapped with fingers . remove loaves from cookie
sheet immediately so the bottoms do n't become soggy and leave them
to cool completely on wire racks away from draft .

yield : 2 servings




ice cream muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup pillsbury self-rising flour
1 .or regular flour and add 1
1 .tbsp baking powder and 1
1 .tsp salt
2 cup very soft vanilla ice cream
1 egg
2 tablespoon oil

measure flour and ice cream into mixing bowl . mix only until dry
ingredients are moistened . fill well greased muffin cups
three-fourths full . bake at 450 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes until
golden brown . note : you may vary the flavor of ice cream and create
different flavored muffins . for variation , add 1/2 cup chocolate
chips and 1/2 cup chopped nuts in batter . sprinkle with cinnamon and
sugar .

yield : 8 servings




west coast french sourdough bread i

breads

1 cup starter
1 pkg dry yeast
3/4 cup flour
3 cup flour
3/4 cup water
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 cup warm water
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon sugar

about 9:00 in the evening measure out 1 cup starter from the
refrigerator storage jar into mixing bowl ( do not use metal or
plastic ) . add 3/4 cup water and 3/4 cup flour and beat thoroughly .
cover bowl tightly with clinging transparent wrap and set in warm
place ( 80 to 85 ) overnight .

in the morning about 7:00 beat starter thoroughly . measure out 1 cup
and return remaining starter to storage jar . in another bowl pour
1-1/2 cups of just warm water , stir in 2 tsp . sugar and sprinkle 1
pkg . yeast on top . let stand until yeast is dissolved . add the 1 cup
of reserved starter and 3 cups flour . beat thoroughly , cover tightly
and let stand in warm place until very light and foamy . this will
take from 1 to
1-1/2 hours .

sift 2 tsp . salt and 1/2 tsp . soda with 1 cup flour and spread the
remaining 1 cup on the pastry board . stir the sifted flour mix into
the sponge . turn out on board and knead for several minutes using a
little more flour if necessary to make a very stiff dough . knead
until completely smooth and not sticky so that it can be worked on an
unfloured portion of the board without sticking . divide in halves and
shape into either round or long narrow loaves . place on flat baking
sheet , preferably non stick , or lightly grease it or sprinkle corn
meal over the surface . slip into large plastic bag , supported so that
it will not touch dough ( drinking glasses placed at each end of sheet
are fine ) . set in warm place for 1 to 1-1/2 hours to rise .

if the dough becomes too light the loaves will spread in baking but
this only makes a more delicious crust . when ready for the oven brush
top of loaves with cold water . make diagonal slashes across top of
long loaves and five or six radiating from center of round ones with
a sharp single-edge razor blade or scissors . bake in oven preheated
to 400 degrees with pan of hot water on the floor from 50 to 60
minutes and the crust is as dark as desired . about 10 minutes before
the end of the baking period , brush tops with water again . remove
from pans and stand on edge to cool , propping them against a heavy
glass jar or similar object .

for the most attractive slices , especially if the loaves have spread a
little to much in baking , cut with a very sharp knife diagonally
across the long loaf and at the same time have the blade slanted from
top to bottom away from the end . this makes the slices about twice as
wide as when cut straight up and down . cut slices from the round
loaves on the slant also . when ready to seve , to preserve the utterly
delicious taste and crisp , hard crust , re-heat quickly with wrapping
open at one end so that the bread will not become steamy , or spread
slices with butter and place under broiler at high heat for a very
short period until the edges are beginning to brown nicely . this
recipe makes 2 long or 2 large round loaves .

from : breads and coffee cakes with homemade starter shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 2 servings




tomato spice tea bread from loren martin

breads

2 large , ripe tomatoes
2 eggs
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1 1/2 cup unbleached white flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch of salt
1/4 cup sliced almonds

peel and seed the tomatoes . place in a blender or food processor and
coursely puree . measure out 1 1/4 cups puree . with electric mixer ,
blend the eggs , oil and sugars . beat at high speed for 3 minutes , or
until batter is light and fluffy . add the tomato puree and mix well .
in a large bowl , combine all dry ingredients , except the almonds , and
add gradually to the moist . beat at medium speed until thoroughly
blended ; the batter will be thin . grease 6-cup bundt pan or an
8-inch loaf pan . pour batter evenly into pan and sprinkle top with
almonds . bake for 40 minutes at 375 f , or until skewer inserted into
center comes out clean . cool in pan for 5 minutes , turn onto rack and
cool before slicing into thin slices .

adapted from : tomatoes -- -a country garden cookbook by jesse ziff
cool , collins publishers , san francisco , 1994 .

yield : 6 servings




painted table currant scones

breads , scones

2 3/4 cup unsifted all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 sticks ( 8 oz ) cold butter ,
1 cut into tablespoon-sized
1 pieces
3/4 cup currants
2 large eggs
2/3 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon sugar

1 . in a large bowl combine the flour , sugar , baking powder and salt .

2 . cut in butter with a pastry blender , or with your fingers , until
texture resembles coarse meal . add currants and milk .

3 . lightly whisk eggs and cream together ; add to dry ingredients .
combine with large wooden spoon or with hands until dough barely
holds together ; do not overmix . ( dough should be slightly sticky , not
dry . add a little more cream if necessary . )

4 . grease a baking sheet or line with parchment paper .

5 . portion the dough by using an ice cream scoop , or divide the dough
in half and pat into 2 flattened disks . cut each disk into 8
triangular shaped scones . place on the prepared baking sheet and
sprinkle the tops with sugar .

6 . bake in a preheated 375-degree oven about 20 minutes , until golden
brown . cool slightly before serving .

yield : 16 scones




scottish scones *** ( mspn49a )

breads , ethnic

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cream of tartar
3 tablespoon butter ; room temperature
1 each egg ; room temp light beat
1/2 cup buttermilk ; room temperature

in bowl , mix flour , salt , baking soda and cream of tartar . stir
thoroughly . with fingers , rub the butter into the dry ingredients .
gradually stir beaten egg and buttermilk into the flour mix . if it is
a bit too moist and sticks to hands , add a bit of flour . turn the
dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead as little as
possible to achieve a soft , pliable dough ball . divide dough into 2
equal parts . flatten each with the knuckles into a round disc .
about 6 '' in diameter and 1/2 '' thick . prick about a dozen times with
fork . then cut in four sections each . bake on lightly greased baking
sheet until tan . at 375 degrees for about 15 minutes . you can add 1/2
cup raisins or currants if you wish . from : susan hohlweg ( mspn49a )

yield : 8 servings




corn batter cakes

breads

2 cup sifted cornmeal
1/2 cup wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 tablespoon lard ; melted
1 egg
1 1/4 cup milk ( about )

mix and sift the dry ingredients . add one cup of milk to the egg and
add to the dry ingredients . then add the melted shortening and
enough more milk to make a soft dough . bake as any griddle cakes .
this is excellent served with almost any chicken dish or for
breakfast with maple syrup .

from : 200 years of charleston cooking 1930 shared by : pat stockett

yield : 1 servings




basic scones

breads

1 cup baking powder
1/3 cup baking soda
2 2/3 tablespoon salt
3 quart sugar
2 quart butter
2 quart buttermilk
32 eggs

butter , preserves & clotted cream ( recipe follows ) or whipped cream
for accompaniment .

preheat oven to 400 degrees . butter and flour a baking sheet or line
with baking parchment . mix flour , baking powder , soda , salt & sugar ;
sift into a medium bowl . with a pastry blender or with fingertips ,
cut butter into dry ingredients until mixture is the consistency of
fine crumbs . whisk buttermilk with eggs . pour in milk all at once and
stir to mix . as soon as mixture holds together , turn out onto a
floured work surface and knead lightly . roll to a thickness of 1/2 to
3/4 inch ; cut into 2-1/2 inch rounds with floured cutter . or halve
dough & knead gently to form 2 balls . flatten each ball to a
thickness of 1/2 to 1 inch . with a sharp knife , cut each round into 8
triangles . arrange on prepared baking sheet and bake until golden
brown ( 20 to 30 minutes ) . serve hot with butter , preserves and cream ,
if desired . orange/lemon scones : with buttermilk-egg mixture , add 1
tbsp grated orange or lemon rind . raisin scones : with buttermilk-egg
mixture , add 1 cup dark or golden raisins , dried currants or a
combination . spice scones : to dry ingredients , add 1 tsp mixed spices
( equal amounts of ground cinnamon , nutmeg , cloves & allspice ) . per
serving : 200 calories , 4 gm protein , 31 gm carbohydrate , 7 gm fat , 50
mg cholesterol 235 mg sodium .

yield : 6 servings




oatmeal yeast bread

breads

1/2 cup molasses
1 1/2 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon oil
1 cup scalded milk
1 cup boiling water
3 cup oats
2 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1/2 cup gluten
4 cup wholewheat flour

add molasses , salt & oil to scalded milk . pour , with boiling water ,
over oats , stir well & let stand till lukewarm .

dissolve yeadt in lukewarm water & let rise . mix gluten with flour &
add to oat mix . beat well . add yeast & mix thoroughly . knead for 5
minutes , use more flour as necessary . place in a covered , oiled bowl
& let rise till doubled . punch down , divide in half , cover & let
rise for 10 minutes . form into 2 loaves . place loaf tins , oil the
tops & let rise for another 30 minutes . bake at 400f for 10 minutes
& then at 350f for 60 ~65 minutes .

`` the vegetarian times cookbook ''

yield : 1 servings




sourdough starter # 1

breads

2 cup unbleached flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 single water to make thick batter

mix flour with yeast . add enough water to make a thick batter . set
in warm place for 24 hours or until house is filled with a delectable
yeasty smell .

yield : 1 servings




cheese-tomato cornbread

breads , cheese , sun-dried

-- -- waldine van geffen vghc42a -- --
1 cup cornmeal
1 cup biscuit baking mix
1/2 cup sun-dried tomato bits
1 cup milk
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup cheddar cheese ; grated
1/4 cup parmesan cheese ; gtrated
2 eggs ; lightly beaten
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder ; or
1 centiliter garlic ; minced

in large bowl , combine all ingredients just until well-combined and no
longer dry . add more milk if necessary . pre-heat oven to 375~ .
lightly oil a 8x8x2 '' pan . spread batter in pan and bake 40 to 45
minutes or until top is golden and springs back at touch . source :
timber crest farms

yield : 6 servings




kolaches

breads , ethnic

2 cup milk
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg ; beaten
1/2 cup butter
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon yeast , dry
6 cup flour
3 cup filling
-- -- filling -- --
1/2 lb apricots , dried
1/3 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon lemon juice
1 1/2 tablespoon butter

dough : in a large saucepan , scald milk and add sugar ,
egg , butter , and salt . cool mixture to 115-120 f. in
a large bowl , dissolve yeast in warm milk mixture .
add flour gradually and knead to a very soft dough .
cover and let rise until doubled in size -- about one
hour . shape dough into balls about 2 '' in diameter .
place on greased baking sheets 2 '' apart . cover and let
rise again until doubled -- about 30 to 45 minutes .
when they have risen , make an indention in the center
of each roll . fill each with desired filling and bake
at 350 f. for 20 to 25 minutes .

filling : in a large saucepan , cover apricots with
water and cook until plump and tender ( about 20
minutes ) . drain and place in a blender or food
processor and puree . in a saucepan , combine puree
with sugar , lemon juice , and butter . cook over medium
heat until butter has melted .

cooking texas style
wagner and marquez

yield : 36 servings




puff pastry

breads , misc

3 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup plain bleached cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup iced water ( approximately )
6 1/2 sticks chilled sweet butter

makes about 2 3/4 lbs dough , making a 36- by 12-inch rectangle 1/4 ''
thick . to measure flours , scoop dry measure cups into a container and
sweep off excess with the flat edge of a knife . rapidly cut the
butter into big dice ; toss butter and flour together on your work
surface . mixing it rapidly with the flour , flatten the chilled
butter into lima-bean size . do it by hand or in an electric mixer
with a flat beater . ( a food processor cuts butter too small . ) if
butter has softened , chill everything 20 minutes . blend in 3/4 cup
of iced water , lifting and turning , adding droplets more until
mixture holds together . a mess ! push , pat and roll dough into a
rough rectangle ; flour the top lightly as necessary . if it breaks
too much , sprinkle on drops of water . it will look quite awful . when
the rectangle is 18 '' long , flip one end over onto the middle , then
the other end , like folding a letter , making 3 layers . scrape and
flour work surface . turn dough so top flap opens on your right .
push , pat and roll it again into a rectangle . clean rolling pin and
flour it lightly ; if dough softens , refrigerate at once . again fold
the dough into 3 ; use a pastry sheet to help . again roll it out into
a rectangle . to prevent it from sticking , keep dough floured , work
surface clean . these rolls and folding into 3 layers are known as
`` turns '' -- you now have made 3 turns . make the fourth turn , shoring
up the edges with side of rolling pin . by this time , you have a real
dough . wrap and refrigerate for 45 minutes at least -- to relax it .
complete the fifth and sixth turns and it is ready to roll out and
form . see also `` julia child 's tips on puff pastry '' and `` additional
info on puff pastry '' .

yield : 1 servings




log cabin toast

breads , breakfast

1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 slice white or whole wheat bread
1 soft butter or margarine

1 . mix sugar and cinnamon in custard cup 2 . toast slices of bread .
spread with soft butter . sprinkle with sugar-cinnamon mixture .
3 . cut each slice of toast into 4 strips . put them together on
plate like stacked logs to make the walls of a log cabin . start from
the top and eat all the logs .

source : betty crocer cookbook for boys and girls

yield : 1 servings




kentucky corn pones

breads

1 cup cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup boiling water
1/2 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon butter
1 teaspoon baking powder

combine cornmeal and salt ; add boiling water and stir
well . add remaining ingredients . drop mixture by
tablespoonfuls onto a greased griddle . bake at 450 for
15 minutes or until edges are lightly browned .

yield : 6 servings




pennsylvania altar bread

breads

7/8 cup water , lukewarm ( about 110 degrees ; f . )
3 tablespoon honey
1 1/2 teaspoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg yeast ( dry ) , active
2 2/3 cup flour , whole wheat ( unsifted )

combine water and yeast in mixing bowl . add honey , olive oil and salt . add
flour . if flour does not completely dampen , add small amounts of water
until all of the flour is damp . be sparing with the water .

turn out onto a very lightly floured board and knead thoroughly for 5
minutes until dough is extremely elastic .

sprinkle a tiny amount of olive oil in a big bowl , then roll the dough in
it until the dough is covered with olive oil . leave the dough in the bowl ,
cover with a cloth , and let rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until doubled in size .

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. punch the dough down , knead again for a few
seconds . roll the dough out with a rolling pin , as if you were making a
pizza crust , to a thickness of about 1/4 inch .

using something like a large peanut butter jar or a giant cookie cutter ,
cut out about 4-inch circles of the dough and lift them onto a
slightly-oiled baking sheet . press a cross into the top surface of each , so
that it can be easily broken apart .

bake the loaves , on their baking sheet , in a preheated 350 degree f. oven
for 10 minutes .

notes :

* an earthy , whole-wheat bread used for communion -- in pittsburgh and
other western pennsylvania parishes of the episcopal church , it is common
to use small , thin loaves of real , fresh , home-made bread at communion
instead of the pressed wafers popular in most other places . the bread has a
chewy texture to it , keeps tremendously well , and makes a great lunchbox
food ( each `` loaf '' is about the size a large cookie ) . this recipe comes from
father bill coats of the church of the redeemer in pittsburgh . yield : 8-10
single-serving loaves .

* you can freeze these loaves easily ; either put them in single-serving
ziploc bags and use them for school lunches , or freeze a bunch in a large
food-storage bag .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : 15 minutes preparation , 2 hours rising , 10 minutes baking .
: precision : measure the ingredients .

: fr . bill coats
: church of the redeemer
: pittsburgh , pa

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 1 batch




corn cakes with sun dried tomatoes/goat chees

breads , vegetables , sun-dried

3/4 oz sun-dried tomatoes
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3/4 cup boiling water
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper
2 ears of corn
1 cup skim milk
1 centiliter garlic ; minced
1 oz chevre ( mild goat cheese )
1/2 cup yellow corn meal
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 egg whites

combine tomatoes and 3/4 cup boiling water . let stand for 30 minutes .
drain . mince tomatoes and set aside . cut whole kernels form ears of
corn to measure 1 cup . arrange corn in a vegetable steamer over
boiling water , cover and steam 5 mins . or until tender . combine
tomatoes , cut corn and garlic toss well . combine cornmeal and next 5
ingredients large bowl . stir well . add corn mixture , stirring just
until combined . set aside . combine milk and next 3 ingredients in the
container of electric blender ; cover and process until smooth . add to
cornmeal mixture , stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened .
let stand for 15 mins . spoon 2 t of batter per corn cake onto a hot
griddle . cook for 2 1/2 mins or until the tops are covered w/ bubbles
and edges look cooked . turn corn cakes and cook an additional 2 1/2
mins . or until browned . board : food bb topic : food software subject :
rr-mm-sweet potatoes

to : all date :
11/07 from : gdgx73c tig means time :
2:30 pm

yield : 6 servings




tollhouse buscuits

breads , desserts

2 cup all purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/3 cup butter flavored shortening
1/2 cup nestle 's toll house morsels
1 cup milk

preheat oven to 450 degrees f. mix the dry ingredients well . cut in
the shortening until mixture is mealy . add the chocolate chips and
milk . stir until all of the flour is absorbed . turn out on a floured
surface and knead 15 strokes . ( meaning flatten to about an inch and
fold in half , then do again . ) roll , or press , to 1/2 inch thickness .
using a 2 inch cutter , cut the dough . place the circles on an
ungreased cookie sheet , not touching . bake them until browned on
top . remove them to a serving plate and enjoy .

yield : 20 servings




orange drop biscuits+++fggt98b

biscuits , jewel

1 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup bake it all mix
1 tablespoon orange peel ; grated
1 tablespoon orange juice
1/2 cup milk ( about )

place 1 tablespoon grated orange peel and 1 tablespoon orange
juice in measuring cup . pour in milk to the 1/2 cup mark . substitute
this mixture for milk in baking powder drop biscuit recipe . add 1-1/2
tablespoons sugar to mix . yield : 9 to 10 biscuits

yield : 9 servings




giant oven pancake

breads

1/4 cup butter
2 egg
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup milk
1 dash nutmeg
1 lemon juice
1 sugar , confectioners

melt butter in 10 inch pie pan or cast iron skillet . in bowl , mix all
flour , milk and eggs . do n't over beat , leave lumpy . pour mixture on
top of melted butter , sprinkle with nutmeg . bake at 425 f. for 15 to
20 minutes . sprinkle with lemon juice and dust with powdered sugar .
serve with preserves or marmalade . i find that splitting the batter
in two halves , and baking it in metal pie plates works well , that way
you do n't have to cut it in half . a squirt of fresh lemon juice , a
dusting of powdered sugar , and far too much apricot preserves on top
makes it a fantastic breakfast ...

-- per jim birken
modified by marge clark

yield : 2 servings




baida paratha

breads , indian

2 cup flour , whole wheat salt
4 eggs ; boiled and mashed
2 tablespoon ghee
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon coriander leaves ; chopped cilantro water t
1 ghee ; for shallow frying

sift whole wheat flour in bowl with 1 tsp salt . gradually add water ,
make a stiff flour . cover with a damp cloth . keep aside for 20
minutes . boil eggs and mash well . add 1 tsp salt , pepper , coriander
and 1 tsp ghee or oil . mix thoroughly . knead the dough until smooth .
divide into 8 equal parts and roll out each 4 '' diameter circle . place
1 tbsp egg filling in the centre of each circle . shape them into
round balls again . now roll out each ball on a floured board to a
circle of 5 '' ( 13 cm ) diameter . rub a little ghee or oil on one side .
heat a griddle , shallow fry each paratha with a little ghee or oil
( flip and smear a little ghee on the other side with the back of a
spoon ) . cook until both sides turn golden brown , turning once or
twice .

yield : 6 parantha




sourdough starter ( buttermilk )

breads

1 cup water ; tepid
1/4 cup buttermilk ; room temp .
1 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar

recipe by : randy pollak mix all ingredients in a glass bowl , cover
tightly with plastic wrap and set in warm part of kitchen for 3-5
days . starter can be stored in refrigerator and must be used in 1
week or `` refreshened '' . use a `` crock '' from a `` cold-packed cheese '' to
store , cover tightly . recipe makes about 2 cups of starter . proofing :
bring starter to room temperature . in a glass bowl , combine all of
the starter with , 1 1/2 cups of flour and 1 cup of water . cover bowl
with plastic wrap and set in warm place for 12 hours . to use : measure
2 cups of `` proofed '' starter and set aside . return remaining starter
to it 's `` crock '' and refrigerate until needed again . note : this
starter keeps getting better and better with age . so be sure to use
it at least once a week or refreshen it .

yield : 1 servings




ranger cookies ( campbell )

desserts , fruits , biscuits

2 cup margarine
2 cup white sugar
2 cup brown sugar
5 eggs
1 tablespoon vanilla
4 cup coconut
2 cup chopped dates
5 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
8 cup uncrushed cornflakes

mix all in order given . make sure everything is well combined before
cornflakes are added or they 'll become too crushed .

bake at 375f until barely browned .

yield is approximate . it depends on the size of the cookies you
make . ( but if this is still at 2c margarine , then you 're looking at a
lot of cookies - we make this in a commercial kitchen and get 6 or 8
trays of 35 2 '' cookies .

from marie campbell

yield : 8 dozen




ham~ cheese~ & herb baguette

breads , cheese/eggs , french

1 1/2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
1 tablespoon honey
4 cup ( approx . ) unbleached white flour
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
4 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/2 cup cubed ham or pork
1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
2 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary or 1 tsp cru ; mbled dried
2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 tsp crumbl ; ed dried
2 teaspoon chopped fresh sage or 1 tsp crumble ; d dried

... this french style loaf can be made from start to finish in a
little over an hour . it 's a hearty loaf that is delicious sliced and
lightly toasted and served with soups , stews , and salads ...

generous grinding of black pepper

1 . place the yeast in a large mixing bowl . mix in the warm water and
honey and set aside in a warm spot for about 10 minutes , or until the
yeast is dissolved and begins bubbling . ( if the yeast does not bubble
it is probably dead . begin again , using fresh yeast . ) gradually sift
the flour and salt into the yeast mixture , stirring constantly until
the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl .

2 . sprinkle some flour over a working surface and gently knead the
dough for several minutes . cut the dough in half and roll out one
half into a rectangle ( like a rectangular pizza ) about 14 inches by
10 inches . brush the dough with 1 1/2 tablespoons of the olive oil .
scatter half the ham over the surface , pressing it gently into the
dough.. sprinkle half the cheese on top and scatter half the herbs
and a generous grinding of fresh black pepper over the dough . using
your hands , gently roll the dough lengthwise , into the shape of a
long cigar . lightly seal the edges of the dough . place in a
well-greased french bread pan ( or on a well-greased cookie sheet ) and
cover with a clean tea towel .

3 . preheat the oven to 450 degrees f .

4 . make the second loaf . place the two loaves of bread in a dry
warm spot and let the sit , covered , for
15 minutes .

5 . just before baking , lightly brush the loaves with the remaining 1
tablespoon of olive oil . place in the middle shelf of the hot oven
and bake 20 to 25 minutes , or until the bread has a golden brown
crust and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom .

serves 8 . makes 2 loaves .

from : leftovers by kathy gunst , harper perennial , new york . 1991 .
isbn 0-06-096863-x shared by : karin brewer , cooking echo , 5/93

yield : 8 servings




scotch pancakes

breads , breakfast , ethnic

1/4 lb plain white household flour
1 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartare
1 oz caster sugar
1 egg
1/4 pint milk or cream

sift the flour with the raising agents and stir in the sugar . make a
well in the centre and break the egg into it . whisk the milk into the
egg , then gradually incorporate the dry ingredients to make a very
smooth , thick batter . alternately , simply mix everything together in
a food processor . if time permits let the batter stand for 30 minutes
before cooking .
heat a griddle , bakestone or cast-iron frying pan until very hot
~ or cook direct on the hot plate of an aga . grease your chosen
surface lightly with buttered paper , using just enough fat to prevent
the pancakes from sticking . using a large metal spoon held point
downward , drop a few small rounds of batter on to the hot surface .
space them well apart . cook over steady heat until bubbles rise to
the surface and the underside of the pancakes are browned - about 2
minutes . loosen them gently with a palette knife , then flip them over
and cook for about 1 minute longer . makes about 16 pancakes . source :
philippa davenport in `` country living '' ( british ) , march 1989 .

yield : 8 servings




zucchini parmesan bread

breads

3 cup flour
1 cup shredded unpared zucchini
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
5 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup margarine
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon lemon juice
2 eggs
2 tablespoon minced onion

mix lemon juice and milk ; set aside . preheat oven to 350 . grease 9x5
loaf pan . combine flour , zucchini , sugar , cheese , baking powder , soda
and salt . in saucepan , melt butter ; stir in milk and lemon juice ,
eggs , and onion until smooth . add liquid mixture to dry mixture just
until mixed . spread in prepared pan . bake 55-60 min until toothpick
comes out clean and loaf pulls away from sides of pan .

yield : 1 servings




mama 's southern hush puppies

breads , main dish , cajun

1 cup cream style corn
1 cup corn meal
1 chopped green onions
1 tablespoon beer
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup flour
1 egg
1/4 small chopped bell pepper
2 teaspoon baking powder

mix ingredients until you have a good , thick consistency , adding
more corn meal or flour if needed . drop by tb.spoon full into deep
hot fat . fry until golden brown . courtesy telephone pioneers
billspalding *p crbr 38 a

yield : 1 servings




eva 's zucchini bread

breads

3 eggs
1 cup vegetable oil
2 cup granulated sugar
2 cup shredded zucchini
2 teaspoon vanilla
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 cup chopped walnuts
1 cup raisins ( optional )

beat the eggs . add the oil and sugar , and mix well . preheat the oven
to 325 f. grease and flour 2 bread pans . mix all dry ingredients
together , and add sugar/egg/oil mixture to it . fold in the zucchini
and nuts ( also raisins , if used ) bake 1 1/2 hours .

yield : 8 servings




flaky freezer biscuits

breads

1 pkg . yeast ( 1tablespoon )
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup warm water
5 cup flour
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter or margarine
2 cup buttermilk

in a small bowl combine yeast and sugar in water . set aside for 10
min . in a large bowl mix flour , sugar , baking powder , soda and salt .
cut in butter to form a crumbly mixture . stir in yeast mixture and
buttermilk . mix just enough to hold dough together . roll dough 3/4
in . thick on floured surface . cut out biscuits with the top of a
glass or a cutter . prick tops with fork . freeze separately on cookie
sheet . after biscuits are frozen , stack and wrap well . before baking
let rise until doubled in size . bake at 425f for 15 mins . on a
lightly greased cookie sheet . makes 3-4 dozen . grated cheddar cheese
may be added to soft dough for flaky cheese biscuits .

yield : 41 servings




basic biscuits - *p cooking class

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
6 tablespoon vegetable shortening
2/3 cup buttermilk

heat the oven to 450f . sift the flour with the baking powder , salt and
baking soda . cut in the vegetable shortening until mixture resembles
bread crumbs . stir in the buttermilk with a wooden spoon until just
blended . turn the mixture onto a floured surface , and knead 10 times .
pat the dough into a rectangle 1/2-inch thick . cut with a 3-inch
cutter , and place biscuits close together on an ungreased cookie
sheet . bake in the center of the oven for 10 to 12 minutes , or until
golden brown . serve immediately . makes about 20 . biscuits can be made
a day in advance and covered tightly in aluminum foil . reheat in a
300f oven for 10 minutes .

yield : 20 servings




foolproof sourdough starter 3

breads , sourdough

1 tablespoon active dry yeast
2 1/2 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup white flour , preferably unbleached

let yeast dissolve in 1/2 cup warm water in a pottery or glass bowl ,
then stir in flour and 2 cups warm water ; mix well . pour into
plastic , glass , or crockery container , cover , and let stand 3-5 days
in a warm place - near but not directly over the stove pilot light is
a good choice .

when the mixture is ready to use , it may be stabilized by being kept
in the refrigerator . when the liquid rises to the top , mix gently
with a fork to blend before using .

feed the starter every 5 days by mixing in 1/2 cup flour and 1/3 cup
warm water .

each time the starter is used , reserve at least 1 cup , replacing the
amount you have taken out with equal amounts of flour and water .

the book of breads from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




pepper biscuits

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon coarse black pepper
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup shortening
1 cup buttermilk ( 1 tb lemon/milk )

suggestions : substitute 1 tbsp chopped fresh sage ( 1 tsp dry ) for the
pepper , or use 1/4 cup grated cheese . these freeze well . reheat and
serve warm .

preheat oven to 450f . stir together 2 cups of flour with baking
powder , salt , pepper , and baking soda into a bowl . cut in the
shorting with a pastry blender or fork . add the buttermilk ( or milk
soured with lemon juice ) to make a soft dough , mixing just until the
dough holds together .

flour your hands . pull off a piece of dough the size of a biscuit
and dip the wet edge into the extra flour . then roll or pat into a
biscuit . place , slightly touching , on a lightly greased baking sheet .
bake until golden brown about 8 minutes .

source : new southern cooking by nathalie dupree shared by elizabeth
rodier 6/93

yield : 16 servings




overnight coffee cake

breads , desserts , breakfast

1 pkg frozen dough pieces
1 1/2 cup brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 pkg carmel/butterscotch pudding*
1 stick margarine

* small package of pudding mix , not instant sprinkle the cinnamon ,
brown sugar and dry pudding on top . last of all cut the margarine
into slices and cover the top . let sit overnight and the next
morning place in a 350 degree preheated oven for 30 minutes . after 15
minutes cover the top with foil . turn out upside down on a plate .
each piece of dough will pull out separately .

yield : 8 servings




sourdough cornbread

breads

1/2 cup active sourdough starter
2 tablespoon margarine , melted
1/2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup sour cream or yogurt
2 each large eggs , stirred
1 cup unbleached flour
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon baking powder

mix ingredients in the above order , stirring only enough to blend the
mixture . pour into a buttered pan . bake in a 375 to 400 degree oven
for about 15 minutes .

yield : 4 servings




orange-elderblow muffins

breads , flowers , wild foods

1 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup fresh elder flowers
1 egg ; beaten
1/4 cup sweet milk
3 tablespoon melted butter ; cooled
1/3 cup orange juice
1 teaspoon grated orange rind

sift flour with baking powder , salt and sugar ; combine with elder
flowers .

combine beaten egg , milk and butter . add all at once to dry
ingredients and stir lightly until blended . quickly stir in orange
juice and grated orange rind .

fill greased muffin wells 2/3 full and bake at 375 f. about 25
minutes . serve hot with orange marmalade . if desired , drop a
spoonful of orange marmalade on top of each muffin before baking .

from special writer marilyn kluger 's 06/24/92 `` flowers for the cook :
elderberry blossoms are as pleasing to the palate as to the eye ''
article in `` the ( louisville , ky ) courier-journal . '' pg . c7 . typed
for you by cathy harned .

yield : 12 muffins




baked flatbread with garlic ( lahsooni naan )

breads , ethnic , indian , vegetarian

4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon egg replacer
1 cup soymilk or lowfat milk
2 tablespoon canola oil
1/4 cup olive oil or melted ghee
2 garlic cloves ; minced

combine flour , baking soda , cream of tartar and salt . set aside .

whisk water and egg replacer .

mix egg replacer , soy milk and canola oil in a large bowl .

add flour mixture to soymilk mixture and stir until dough forms a
ball . knead briefly , place in a greased bowl and cover with a damp
towel . let dough rest in a warm , draft-free area for 2-1/2 to 3 hours .

preheat oven to 400 degrees f. lightly oil baking sheets .

saute garlic in olive oil for 2 minutes . set aside .

lightly coat hands with vegetable oil and knead dough on a lightly
floured surface until smooth , about 3 minutes . divide dough into 12
equal pieces and roll each into a ball . flatten each ball with hands ,
roll into an oval about 3/8 '' thick and stretch ends to form a
teardrop shape ( wide at base and tapering to a point on top ) .

place on baking sheets and brush with garlic oil . bake on middle rack
for 6 to 8 minutes .

per naan : 206 cal , 4 g prot , 199 mg sod , 31 g carb , 8 g fat , 0 mg
chol , 63 mg calcium

hint : after baking , place under broiler to brown .

source : vegetarian gourmet , autumn 1993 typed for you by karen
mintzias

yield : 12 servings




double apple bread

breads , quick & easy , apples

1 cup walnuts
1/2 cup butter
1 cup plus 2 t light brown sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 cup applesauce , unsweetened
1 2/3 cup flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour preferably stone ; ground
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 large tart apple* , pared , cored , quarter ; ed and chopped
1/2 cup raisins , plumped if dry**

* granny smith or greening ** to plump raisins : place them in a small
saucepan with water to cover . bring to a simmer over moderate heat .
drain thoroughly .

preparation : preheat oven to 350f . in the preheating oven , toast the
walnuts in a single layer in a roasting pan or jelly roll pan .
coarsely chop and set aside to cool . butter a 9x5x3-inch loaf pan and
set aside .

in a large bowl using an electric mixer at high speed , cream butter
until light . gradually add the sugar and continue beating until
mixture is very light and fluffy . change the mixer speed to medium .
add the eggs , one at a time , beating with each addition , then beat in
the vanilla and the applesauce . ( the mixture will look hopelessly
curdled . do not worry ! )

change the mixer speed ot low . sift in the flours , baking soda , salt ,
cinnamon , and nutmeg and beat just until combined . stir in chopped
apple , raisins and walnuts .

spread the batter in the prepared pan with a spatula , smoothing the
top .

bake until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean , about 90
minutes , loosly covering the top of the loaf with aluminum foil after
50 minutes or so if the loaf seems to darkening too quickly . let the
loaf stan in the pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes before unmolding .
cool completely before wrapping or serving .

source : coffee cakes by ceri hadda

yield : 1 9x5 loaf




overnight french toast with blueberry syrup p

breads , dairy , brunch

1 x no ingredients

continued from part i blueberry syrup : combine 1 c water , the
blueberries , sugar , lemon zest and juice , orange zes remove the
saucepan and sir in the cornstarch mixture . return the pan to th

fresh ways with breakfasts & brunches ; time-life books/alexandria ,
virgini

yield : 6 servings




homemade hamburger buns

breads

1 stephen ceideburg
3 cup all-purpose flour + additional for ; kneading
2 cup whole-wheat flour
1/3 cup toasted wheat germ
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening
2 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar

place 1 1/2 cups each , all-purpose flour and whole-wheat flour , the
wheat germ , yeast and salt in a large bowl . using an electric mixer
( preferably a heavy-duty one with a paddle attachment ) , briefly mix
together the ingredients .

melt the shortening in a saucepan over low heat . add the milk and
sugar and heat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is very
warm , but no hotter than 130 degree f .

with the mixer on low speed , slowly pour milk mixture into flour
mixture until blended . increase to medium speed and beat for about 2
minutes .

add 1/2 cup each of white flour and whole-wheat flour , and beat 2
minutes more . add 1 cup white flour and beat until dough pulls away
from sides of bowl .

knead dough on a lightly floured surface about 8 minutes , or until
smooth and elastic . ( use very little additional flour . )

place in a bowl , cover with plastic wrap and set aside to rise in a
warm place until double in volume , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours .

gently punch down dough and divide into 4 equal portions . divide each
portion into fourths and let dough rest 5 minutes .

form portions into balls and with fingertips fold edges under to form
even circles . place on lightly greased baking sheets , about 2 inches
apart . use your fingertips to flatten each bun to a 3-inch circle .
( if you prefer the sides of the buns to remain soft , place them
closer together . as the buns rise , the sides will touch . )

cover with a towel and set aside to rise until doubled , about 1 hour .

adjust rack in lower third of oven ; preheat oven to 350 degrees f. at
least 20 minutes before baking .

bake for 15 to 20 minutes , or until buns are golden and sound hollow
when tapped lightly . cool completely on a wire rack before slicing .
( or cool and freeze , well wrapped , for up to 1 week . )

makes 16

hot dog buns . divide dough in half . on a lightly floured surface , pat
or roll out each portion to a rectangle about 14 x 5 inches . cut
about eight 5 x 2-inch strips from each rectangle . roll each portion ,
between your palms into 6-inch long buns . place buns about 2 inches
apart on lightly greased baking sheets . cover loosely with a cloth
towel and set aside in a warm place until doubled , about 1 hour . bake
as directed for hamburger , buns .

variation wheat berry : add 1/3 cup wheat berries and a dash of salt
to 2 cups boiling water . cover saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes .
remove from heat , cover , and let cool for about 1 1/2 hours , or until
tender . drain and dry well . with wooden spoon , stir wheat berries
into dough before kneading ,

variation walnut : toast 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts in a 325
degree f. oven about 10 minutes . cool and with a wooden spoon stir
into dough before kneading .

variation olive : coarsely chop 1/3 cup pitted oil or brine- cured
black or green olives . with wooden spoon ( or paddle attachment and
mixer at low speed ) stir olives into dough before kneading .

variation sesame seed : after shaping buns , lightly brush tops with an
egg white lightly beaten with 1 teaspoon water . sprinkle sesame seeds
over glaze . cover lightly with a towel and let rise before baking .

per bun ( standard recipe ) : 205 calories , 6 g protein , 35 g
carbohydrate , 5 g fat ( 2 g saturated ) , 4 mg cholesterol , 283 mg
sodium , 3 g fiber .

flo braker writing in the san francisco chronicle , 6/9/93 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 16 servings




barley-amaranth waffles

breads , breakfast , quick & easy , vegetarian

3/4 cup am amaranth flour
1 cup am barley flour
1 tablespoon non-alum baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 1/2 cup milk , soymilk , or water
3 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil

mix liquids and dry ingredients separately , then beat together with a
hand mixer . pour onto hot , non-stick surface griddle . thin batter
with additional water if needed . makes four waffles . may be used for
pancakes also .

source : arrowhead mills `` amaranth flour '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 4 waffles




jiffy cinnamon buns

breads

2 cup flour
2 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup cold margarine
1 cup cold milk
1 ~~~~~~~filling~~~~~~~~~
1/3 cup margarine
1 cup brown sugar
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1/3 cup raisins
1 ~~~~~~~~glaze~~~~~~~~~~
1/2 cup icing sugar
1 enough water to make thin
1 glaze .

in large bowl combine flour , sugar , powder , and salt . cut in margarine
until crumbly . make well in center . pour milk into well . stir to form
dough , adding more milk if needed . turn onto lightly floured surface .
knead 8-10 times . roll into rectangle .

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~filling~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ cream margarine , brown sugar , and
cinnamon together well . drop 1 tsp . into each of 12 muffin tins .
spread rest over dough . sprinkle raisins over top . roll up as a jelly
roll . mark , then cut 12 slices . place cut side down in muffin tins .
bake at 400 for 20-25 minutes .

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~glaze~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ drizzle over cinnamon buns .

yield : 1 servings




really good banana bread

breads

2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup butter , room temperature
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/2 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1/2 cup plain yogurt
1 cup pureed ripe bananas ( about
1 2 medium bananas )
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

( makes one loaf ) grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan and set aside . preheat
oven to 350f . in large bowl , combine first five ingredients ; set
aside . in small bowl , cream butter and beat in both sugars ; continue
beating one minute more . beat in eggs one at a time . beat in yogurt ,
bananas and vanilla . stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients . turn
into prepared pan , smooth top . bake 55 to 60 minutes or till wooden
pick inserted in center comes out clean . let stand in pan 10 minutes
then turn out onto rack to cool . enjoy ! susan mcginn

yield : 1 servings




grasmere gingerbread

breads , ethnic

1 lb fine oatmeal
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch allspice
1/2 lb pale muscovado sugar
1/2 lb butter
2 tablespoon golden syrup

line a swiss roll or baking tin measuring about 9 x 13 inches with
bakewell or greaseproof paper and grease it well . stir the dry
ingredients together . melt the butter and syrup over low heat , pour
on to the dry ingredients and stir well to make a fairly stiff
mixture . spread the mixture evenly over the base of the prepared tin
and bake at 350 f ( 180 c ) gas mark 4 for 25-30 minutes . do not be
alarmed by the fact that the mixture will look a little runny when it
emerges from the oven ; this is normal . mark the biscuits into fingers
or squares while still warm but leave in the tin until completely
cold . do n't make the biscuits very big ~ they are chewy and very
filling . good exercise for the jaws and high in calories . source :
philippa davenport in `` country living '' ( british ) , march 1989 .

yield : 18 servings




hawaiian macadamia nut bread

breads

1 woodward
1/4 cup butter -- softened
3/4 cup light brown sugar
2 eggs -- beaten
1 3/4 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup macadamia nuts -- chopped
1 cup fresh pineapple ; with juice
1 shredded

cream butter and sugar , beat in eggs . combine flour , baking powder ,
baking soda , and salt . stir in nuts . stir half flour mixture into
creamed mixture . gently stir in pineapple and remaining flour
mixture . turn batter into greased 9 '' x5 '' x3 '' pan . bake 1 hr . in
preheated 350~ or until it tests done .

source : tpa trib , 6/1/95

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat waffles

breads , breakfast

1 1/3 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup milk
4 tablespoon melted shortening
2 eggs

beat egg yolks well ; p add milk and shortening . combine salt , sugar ,
and flour . add to first mixture . beat until smooth . fold in stiffly
beaten egg whites . sift baking powder lightly over the mixture and
fold in quickly . bake in hot waffle iron . 6 servings . the household
searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




naan # 1

breads , indian

1 cup flour
1 pkg yeast , dry
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup water , hot
1 cup buttermilk ; or yogurt
1 egg ; ( room temp )
2 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon honey ; or sugar
2 1/2 cup flour
1 ghee ; ( clarified butter )
1 garnishes *

* if desired , you can use cornmeal or sesame or poppy seeds on the
bread . combine 1 cup flour , yeast , and salt in a mixing bowl . stir in
water , buttermilk , egg , oil and honey . beat until smooth with an
electric mixer . stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft , sticky
dough . turn onto a floured surface , continue to work in flour until
dough is stiff enough to knead . knead until smooth and elastic , but
still soft ( 3 to 5 minutes ) . place in an oiled bowl ; turning once to
coat top of dough . cover ; let rise until double in bulk ( about 45
minutes ) . punch dough down . shape into 16 equal balls . let rest 5
minutes . roll out each ball to a 1/4-inch thick round . if desired ,
brush with melted butter and sprinkle with garnishes . set on baking
sheets . bake at 450 degrees f. for 5 to 8 minutes . note : there is no
second rising in this recipe so that you get flat loaves .

time-life foods of the world indian cooking

yield : 8 servings




whole wheat pizza crust

breads , ethnic

1 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm water ( 105 to 115 f )
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon cornmeal ( optional )

stir yeast into warm water and set aside for 5 to 10 minutes .
combine the flours and salt in a mixer bowl ; add yeast mixture . mix
until dough begins to pull away from side of bowl . ( add a little more
flour if dough sticks to side . ) divide dough in half . on a floured
surface with floured rolling pin , roll each half into a 15-inch
circle ( dough should overlap pan by 1 inch all around ) . if dough
resists rolling , let it rest a few minutes and try again . dough can
be refrigerated or frozen before rolling . thaw thoroughly before
attempting to roll out .
coat two nonstick 14-inch pizza pans with cooking spray and
sprinkle with cornmeal ( optional ) . arrange each crust in a prepared
pan and top as desired .

[ modern maturity : feb/march 1990 }

posted by : fred peters

yield : 2 servings




pennsylvania dutch corn fritters

breads , amish

1 egg , separated
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
3/4 cup frozen whole-kernel corn , thawed
1/4 cup canned cream-style corn
3 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon chopped chives
1/8 teaspoon each salt and pepper
2 tablespoon vegetable oil

in medium mixing bowl beat together egg yolk and sugar . using wooden
spoon , stir in kernel and cream-style corn , flour chives , salt and
pepper ; mix well . in small mixing bowl , using electric mixer , beat
egg white until stiff but not dry ; gently fold into corn mixture . in
10-inch skillet heat oil over medium-high heat ; drop batter by 1/4
cup measures into skillet , forming 6 equal fritters . cook until
fritters are golden on bottom , about 1 minute ; using pancake turner ,
turn fritters over . cook until golden on other side , about 1 minute
longer .

makes 6 servings of 1 fritter each .

[ weight watchers new international cookbook ] posted by fred peters .

yield : 6 servings




pumpkin gingerbread

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour , divided
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup canned pumpkin
1/2 cup molasses
2 eggs
1/3 cup margarine
1/4 cup milk
1 teaspoon ground ginger

stir together 1 cup of the flour , the brown sugar , baking powder ,
cinnamon , and baking soda . add the pumpkin , molasses , eggs ,
margarine , milk and ginger . mix vigorously until combined . add the
remaining flour and blend in . divide the batter evenly among 4 small
loaf pans .

bake in a 350 f oven for 40 to 50 minutes or until a wooden pick
inserted near the center of each loaf comes out clean . cool the
loaves in the pans on wire racks for 10 minutes . remove the loaves
from the pans . cool thoroughly on the wire racks .

to freeze : wrap each loaf tightly in moisture- and vaporproof wrap .
seal , label , and freeze for up to 6 months . to thaw , let stand ,
loosely covered , at room temperature for 1 hour . or , to micro-thaw ,
place 1 unwrapped loaf on a microwave-safe paper towel . microcook ,
uncovered , at 30 % power ( medium-low ) for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes .

makes 4 loaves , 8 servings each .

adapted from a recipe from better homes & gardens , november 1990
posted by fred peters .

source : lisa clarke

posted on kook-net by lisa clarke

yield : 4 loaves




onion cakes

appetizers , breads , chinese , california

8 flour tortillas
2 tablespoon sesame oil
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1/2 cup finely chopped green onions
1 oil for deep frying
1 salt

brush 4 tortillas with sesame oil then some of egg . sprinkle about 2
tablespoons green onions over each tortilla . top each with remaining
tortillas . press firmly around edges and cover with plastic wrap . let
stand until ready to deep fry . heat oil for deep-frying in wok or
deep pan to 400f . using tongs , slip tortilla cakes , one at a time ,
into hot oil . cook , turning with tongs , to brown both sides . drain
each cake , holding it vertically over pan . drain again on paper
towels . while hot , cut each cake into 4 to 8 wedges . sprinkle lightly
with salt . serve hot .

created by : henry chung , the hunan restaurant , san francisco

( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 4 servings




more rice breads

breads

5 1/2 cup brown rice flour ( 830 g )
1/2 cup garbanzo flour ( 70 g )
1 tablespoon salt ( 16.5 g )
2 2/3 cup tepid water ( 635 ml )
4 teaspoon active dry yeast ( 1/2 oz or 14 g )
1/2 cup warm water ( 120 ml )
2 tablespoon honey ( 30 ml )
1/4 cup oil ( 60 ml )
1/4 cup methocel ( 28 g )

the next two ( also from laurel 's kitchen bread book ) use the previous
recipe as a basis , with just a few changes .

garbanzo rice bread

this bread has a mellower flavor and keeps better than the plain
brown rice bread .

follow the mixing and rising instructions for brown rice bread . use
only two loaf pans and bake slightly longer , about 50 minutes to an
hour .

soy-raisin rice bread

denser , cakier , more filling , this bread adds variety and interest .
the slice is golden in color and soft , almost like pound cake .

6 cups brown rice flour ( 600 g ) 2 tablespoons soy flour ( 7 g ) 1
tablespoon salt ( 16.5 g ) 2 2/3 cups tepid water ( 635 ml ) 4 teaspoons
active dry yeast ( 1/2 oz or 14 g ) 1/2 cup warm water ( 120 ml ) 1/3 cup
honey ( 80 ml ) 1/4 cup oil ( 60 ml ) 1/2 cup raisins ( 70 g ) 1/4 cup
methocel ( 28 g )

mix and let rise like brown rice bread , incorporating the soy flour
into the first mixing and the raisins along with the honey . divide
the dough into two loaves only , and bake cooler and longer , at 325
deg.f . for 50 to 60 minutes , or until done .

posted by kyosho connick . reposted by fred peters .

yield : 6 servings




savory bread sticks

breads , quick bread

1 mary bowles dnsr31a
1 large pkg day-old hot dog buns
1 cup butter ; melted
2 tablespoon italian seasonings
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper or to taste

slice hot dog buns into fourths lengthwise . dip bread in melted
butter and arrange on a large baking sheet . mix spices and sprinkle
over bread sticks . bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes or until
crunchy , but not brown . serve hot or cold . let cool well before
covering . stores well in air-tight containers . this was invented by a
friend to use up left-over buns from a weiner roast , but it is too
delicious to wait for left-overs . it is great with stew , spaghetti ,
or by themselves for snacks !

yield : 8 servings




easy apple strudel

breads , desserts , pies , pastry

2 cup flour
3 egg yolks
1/4 cup water
1 ********
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 lb butter or margarine
2 tablespoon vinegar
3 apples
1 tablespoon flour
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

cut margarine into flour as for pie crust . add egg yolks , vinegar and
water and mix well . cover and refrigerate overnight ( or at least 3
hours ) . divide dough into 3 parts and work with one at a time . roll
out on floured cloth to 10-1/2 x 15-1/2 inches . sprinkle each part
with :
: 1 tablespoon flour
: 3 tablespoon sugar
: 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

arrange 3 peeled and diced apples along edge of long side and roll up ,
guiding with the cloth grasped in each hand . place on ungreased cookie
sheet ( with sides ) or shallow baking pan . bake in a 375 degree oven
for 45 minutes . serve with confectioner 's sugar sprinkled on top .

yield : 1 servings




union pacific apple pancakes

breads , breakfast

1 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon melted butter
1/2 cup milk
1 each beaten egg
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/4 cup homemade applesauce

sift flour , salt and baking powder . combine butter , milk and egg .
stir into flour . add vanilla and applesauce . beat well . spoon batter
into a hot , well greased griddle , allowing enough batter to make 4 ''
cakes . when edges are lightly browned , turn and cook on second side .
serve hot with maple syrup or apple jelly and lots of butter . '' the
union pacific system , 150 recipes for apple dishes , 1910 , eugene
register guard .

yield : 6 servings




italian loaf

breads , meats , italian

1 can refrigerated prepared pizza crust ; dough ( 10 oz )
4 cup mozzarella cheese ; grated
1 lb spicy pork sausage , browned and dr ; ained
1/2 cup tomato sauce
1 teaspoon oregano flakes
1/2 teaspoon basil flakes
1 pkg frozen spinach ; ( 10 oz ) thawed and drain
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1 7 oz jar diced pimientos , drained
1 pkg sliced pepperoni ; 3 oz
12 large pimiento-stuffed green olive ; s , cut in half

preheat oven to 400f . unroll dough and cut off one-fourth of dough
crosswise ; set aside . line a greased 9 1/4x5 1/4x2 1/2-inch loaf pan
with the large piece of dough . moisten the dough with water at
corners and press to seal . place one-half of the cheese on the
bottom of the dough and top with sausage . spoon tomato sauce over
sausage and sprinkle with oregano and basil . combine spinach with
egg and spread over tomato sauce . layer pimientos on top of spinach
and top with remaining cheese . arrange the pepperoni on top of the
cheese layer . top with olive halves . cover filling with reserved
dough and crimp edges of dough to seal . cut slits in top of dough to
allow steam to escape . bake 50 minutes or until crust is well browned
( if crust browns too quickly , cover loosely with aluminum foil ) .
allow to cool 10 minutes before removing from pan and cutting into
slices .

yield : 8 servings




wreath bread

breads

1/2 cup maple syrup
2 tablespoon dry yeast
9 cup whole wheat pastry flour
2 cup apple juice
1 cup butter
1 egg , separated
2 eggs
1 tablespoon grated lemon peel
1 teaspoon almond extract
1/4 cup sliced almonds
-- -- flour will be used in 4 part -- -
2 1/2 cup whole wht pastry flour ( 1 )
2 cup whole wht pastry flour ( 2 )
3 1/4 cup whole wht pastry flour ( 3 )
3/4 cup whole wht pastry flour ( 4 )

in a bowl combine maple syrup , yeast and first of flour . in sauce pan
heat juice and butter until almost melted . with mixer gradually beat
liquid into yeast mixture . dry ingredients . set aside egg white for
brushing top of loaves . add in egg yolk , remaining eggs , lemon peel ,
almond extract , and second flour ( 2 ) to make a thick batter . stir in
third part of flour ( 3 ) to make dough . turn onto floured work surface
and knead until smooth , continuing to add fourth flour ( 4 ) . knead at
least 15 minutes .

place in lightly oiled bowl , turning dough so top is oiled too . let
rise until doubled , about 1 hour . punch down dough . turn onto floured
work surface , separate dough for loaves ; cut dough for each loaf into
3 equal parts . cover and let rest 15 minutes . lightly oil two cookie
sheets .

on floured work surface , roll each piece into a 24 '' length . place
three lengths together and braid ; it comes out best if you begin in
the middle and work toward each end . shape into a ring , join the ends
and pinch together . repeat with each loaf . cover rings with towels
and let rise in warm place 1 hour .

beat egg white ; use pastry brush to brush over loaves . top rings with
almonds . place in oven at 350 for 15 minutes , then change cookie
sheet places . bake about 15-20 minutes longer , or until tops are
golden brown and bread makes thunking sound when tapped with knuckle .

yield : 2 servings




cinnamon buns ( the famous dutch sticky buns )

breads , penndutch

1 cup milk , scalded
1/2 cup raisins , chopped
2 tablespoon currants
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 brown sugar
2 tablespoon citron , finely chopped
1/2 cup yeast
1 *dissolved in :
1/4 cup water , warm
3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon butter

dissolve yeast in warm water and add to milk which has been allowed to
become lukewarm . add sugar ( about 3 tbsp ) , salt and flour , and knead
thoroughly until it becomes a soft dough . place the dough in a
buttered bowl and butter the top of the dough . cover bowl and put in
a warm place . permit it to stand until the dough becomes three times
its original size . roll until it is one fourth of an inch in
thickness , brush with butter and spread with the raisins , currants ,
citron , brown sugar and cinnamon . roll as a jelly roll and cut into
slices 3/4 inch thick . place slices in buttered pans , spread well
with brown sugar , and bake at 400-f for 20 minutes .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




cranberry-lemon scones

breads , scones

2 cup flour
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon chilled butter
1/2 cup dried cranberries
2 teaspoon grated lemon peel
2/3 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon sugar

1 . combine the flour , 1/4 cup sugar , baking powder and salt . cut in
the butter until crumbly . stir in the dried cranberries and lemon
peel .

2 . pour in the buttermilk and stir with a fork until the mixture holds
together . gather the dough into a ball and gently knead a few times
on a floured surface . pat out dough to an 8-inch circle and cut into
8 wedges . place 2 inches apart on greased baking sheet and brush the
tops with the milk . sprinkle with
1 teaspoon sugar .

3 . bake in a preheated 425-degree oven 15-20 minutes , until golden .
serve warm .

yield : 8 servings




pumpkin muffins

breads , fruits , breakfast

1 cup unbleached flour , sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 cup vegetable shortening
2/3 cup sugar
1 each large egg
1/2 cup canned , mashed pumpkin
2 tablespoon milk

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and cinnamon ; set aside .
cream together shortening and sugar in mixing bowl until ight and
fluffy , using electric mixer at medium speed . beat in egg . combine
pumpkin and milk in small bowl . add dry ingredients alternately with
pumpkin mixture to creamed mixture , stirring well after each
addition . spoon pagger into paper-lined 2 1/2-inch muffin-pan cups ,
filling 2/3rds full . bake in 350 degree f. oven 20 minutes or until
golden brown . serve hot with butter and homemade jam .

yield : 4 servings




peanut putter biscuits

breads , biscuits

2/3 cup milk
1/4 cup peanut butter
2 cup biscuit mix
3 bacon slices*

* - cooked crisp , drained , and crumbled .

1 . preheat oven to 400'f .

2 . place milk and peanut butter in a deep bowl or blender container
and beat at high speed until smooth and well blended . combine biscuit
mix and bacon ; stir lightly . add milk and peanut butter mixture all
at once and stir with a fork until dough clings together . turn out on
a lightly floured board and knead gently a few times , then pat out to
about 3/4 '' thickness . cut into 2 '' rounds . bake on an ungreased cookie
sheet for 10-15 minutes , or until lightly browned .

yield : 9 servings




easy biscuit mix

breads

10 cup all purpose flour
2 cup shortening
1/3 cup baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar

in a bowl stir together flour , baking powder , sugar , and 2 teaspoons
salt . cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . store
in an airtight continer for up to 6 weeks at room temperature , or for
up to 6 months in the freezer .

recipe from : better homes and gardens new cookbook , 1989 .

yield : 1 servings




pasta frittata

appetizers , breads , pasta , cheese , eggs

4 egg
2 cup cooked spaghetti -- cut 1 in
1 lengths
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 cup parmesan cheese -- grated
2 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup mozzarella cheese -- diced
2 large roma tomatoes -- diced
2 green onions -- chopped
2 oz prosciutto -- sliced
2 tablespoon italian parsley -- chopped

1 . in a large mixing bowl , beat the eggs . mix in the spaghetti ,
pepper and grated parmesan .

2 . in a medium non-stick skillet , heat the oil over medium flame . add
half of the pasta mixture , spreading it out to the edges like a
pancake . spread the diced mozzarella in a single layer on top , then
layer on the tomatoes , green onions and prosciutto . finish by
spreading the remaining pasta on top and pouring any egg left in the
bowl over it . cook on low until the bottom is browned and crisp ,
about 5 minutes .

3 . when the bottom has set and is golden brown , flip the frittata
over , using either a large spatula or sliding it onto a plate and
then inverting it back into the pan . cook , uncovered , another 5
minutes , or until the bottom is crisp and golden .

4 . to serve , slide the frittata out of the pan . cut into 4 wedges and
sprinkle with chopped parsley . serve warm or at room temperature .
notes :

the italian omelette , known as a frittata , varies from the traditional
french omelette in 3 ways . first , the frittata fillings are beaten in
with the eggs , instead of being folded inside . second , the frittata
may be finished by either flipping over the whole omelette in the
pan , or running it under the broiler . third , as described above ,
whereas the french omelette is folded , the italian frittata is cooked
in one , round piece . both types have their attributes , and preference
is merely a matter of taste .

i am , however , partial to this particular frittata recipe . pasta ,
which can be leftover from a previous meal , is cooked in the eggs
with layers of tomatoes , cheese , seasonings and prosciutto . this is a
wonderfully simple yet absolutely delectable omelette , and it can
even be made in advance . the recipe makes 4 small to medium-size
portions , enough for a light breakfast or first course . if desired ,
add 2 more eggs and increase the other ingredients accordingly for a
heartier , more substantial meal .

recipe by :

yield : 4 servings




never fail sourdough french bread

breads

1 cup hot water
2 tablespoon honey or sugar
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 1/2 cup sourdough starter
4 cup ( to 6 ) flour
1 single cake yeast
2 teaspoon salt ( optional )

mix hot water , honey or sugar , butter or margarine in a large ceramic
mixing bowl . cool to lukewarm and add yeast , sourdough starter , salt
and flour a cup at a time enough to make a stiff dough . turn out onto
a floured board and knead for 5 to 8 minutes . place in an oiled bowl
and cover ; let rise until doubled in bulk . punch down and let rise
for 30 minutes . turn dough out onto a floured board and let sit ten
minutes . form into long or round loaf , or into rolls and place in a
well greased pan or cookie sheet and let rise again until doubled .
bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 45 to 55 minutes or until
brown . makes 1 large loaf or 8 to 12 rolls . suggestions : the bread
will rise more quickly if salt is omitted . use only ceramic or wood
bowls and utensils as metal spoils sourdough . ( i use a large
corningware bowl and a plastic whip to mix , then rinse and reuse same
bowl to let kneaded ball rise in ) . wash utensils promptly as this
stuff sets up like cement when left to dry ! this recipe will make 4
thin baguette loaves , two small regular loaves or one monster loaf in
a regular bread pan . grease pans generously with crisco or other
shortening . from the dough boys bakery in san francisco

yield : 1 servings




sourdough starter i7

breads , sourdough

1 cup lukewarm purified water ( 90- to 105 ; f )
1/3 cup instant nonfat dry milk
3 tablespoon lowfat plain yogurt
1 cup all-purpose flour

rinse 1 1/2- to 2-quart glass or ceramic bowl with hot water several
minutes and wipe dry . combine water and dry milk in bowl , stirring
until milk is dissolved . blend in yogurt . cover with plastic wrap and
let stand in warm draft-free area until consistency of yogurt , about
12 to 24 hours .

using plastic spoon , gradually add flour , blending until smooth .
cover and let stand in warm draft-free area until mixture is full of
bubbles and has sour aroma , about 2 to 4 days . the starter is now
ready to use . store covered in refrigerator in plastic or ceramic
container ( do not use glass ) .

bon appetit from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




corn muffins ( samuel )

breads , vegetarian

2 cup corn flour or cornmeal ( yellow or ; blue )
1 cup whole wheat pastry flour
6 oz soft tofu
3 cup water
1/2 teaspoon salt ( sea salt in book )

mix flours . crumble tofu into blender . add boiled water and salt to
tofu in blender ( carefully ) and blend until not quite smooth . ( just a
few pulses please ) . dont do this in too small blender or without lid
like i did once . the goal is muffins , not 2nd degree burns . add
immediately to flour and mix well . spoon into muffin tins or cast
iron stick trays and bake at 400 degrees for about 1/2 hour until
golden brown . she suggests you heat oven first and place oiled muffin
tins in to heat up beforehand to get a `` wonderful crust '' .

please note , i have to oil the tins because i do n't use teflon
products around by birds , but this might work also ... ..this is not
sweet bread , i serve corn potato chowder with it . the corn sticks are
better !

american macrobiotic cuisine recipe book by meredith mccarty , turning
point publications , eureka , ca .

shared by jean samuel ( rhhn66a )

yield : 1 servings




crab avocado melt

breads , seafood

1 can crabmeat , rinsed
4 tablespoon mayonaise
1 tablespoon onion-green-chopped
1 tablespoon parsley-chopped
2 sl pumpernickle bread
2 sl avocado
2 sl colby or american cheese

in a small bowl mix crab , mayonaise , onion and parsley . spread half
the mixture evenly on each slice of pumpernickel bread , top with a
slice of avocado and then cheese . place one sandwich on . in a
microwaveable dish muicrowave at 50 % power , 1 1/2 to 3 mins , or until
heated through and the cheese melts . repeat for 2nd sandwich

yield : 1 servings




hearthside cheddar bread

breads , fruits , cheese , quick bread

2 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 each eggs ; lg
1 1/2 cup apples ; cooking , *
2 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded
3/4 cup walnuts or pecans ; chopped

* apples should be the cooking type ( sour not sweet eating apples ) .
they should be peeled , cored , and chopped .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++ preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. and grease and flour a 9 x
5-inch loaf pan . in a large bowl , combine the flour , sugar , baking
powder , salt and cinnamon . make a well in the center of the dry
ingredients and add the milk , oil , and eggs . stir until thoroughly
combined . gently stir in the chopped apples , cheddar cheese , and
nuts . bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven until
loaf is browned and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom . cool in
the pan on a rack for 5 minutes . remove from the pan and cool to
room temperature , on a wire rack , before slicing .

yield : 4 servings




chocolate zucchini nut quick bread ( fontish )

breads

1 cup salad oil
3 eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 oz baking chocolate ; melted
2 cup grated peeled zucchini
1 cup chopped nuts
2 cup sugar
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup choc chips

blend chocolate into egg mixture along with zucchini and vanilla .
sift flour with salt , cinnamon , baking powder and baking soda . with a
large spoon , stir into zucchini mixture , along with nuts and chips .
mix thoroughly . spoon into 2 well-greased 9 '' x 5 '' pans . bake at 350f
for 1 hr .

yield : 2 servings




breakfast scones

breads , breakfast

2 cup flour
2 eggs , well beaten
3 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter or margarine cold water

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder , salt , and sugar .
rub in butter with tips of fingers or cut in with 2 spatulas . add
eggs and sufficient water to make a soft dough . turn onto lightly
floured board and pat into sheet 1 inch thick . cut into rounds or
squares . fold over double and brush with milk . place on slightly
oiled baking sheet . dust with sugar and bake in hot oven ( 450 f )
about 15 minutes . 8 servings . c.m . yockey , denver , co . the household
searchlight - 1941

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




colorful vegetable bread

breads

-- -- tomato dough -- --
250 gm plain flour
5 gm salt
124 gm tomato puree
12 gm fresh yeast , mixed w/
1 tablespoon ; warm water
30 gm olive oil
-- -- spinach dough -- --
250 gm plain flour
5 gm salt
150 gm spinach , * chopped & cooked
12 gm fresh yeast , mixed w/
1 tablespoon ; warm water
25 gm olive oil
-- -- beetroot dough -- --
250 gm plain flour
5 gm salt
12 gm fresh yeast , mixed w/
1 tablespoon ; warm water
125 gm beetroot sliced w/ juices**
35 gm olive oil

make each dough separately , kneading for 5-8 minutes until you have a
smooth elastic dough . rest each dough , covered , for 30 minutes . to
make plait ; cut each dough in half & gently roll each piece on a
lightly floured surface until approximately 25 cm long . with a roll
of each color , make a plait , making sure to seal the ends . place on a
greased baking tray . rest in a warm place covered with a towel for
1-1.5 hrs . brush with beaten egg and bake in a 220oc oven for 25
mins . *frozen is ok. **canned is ok .

yield : 2 loaves




gluten free blender pancakes

breads

1 cup buttermilk
2 eggs
1 tablespoon cooking oil
2 tablespoon brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup rice flour
1/2 cup potato flour
1/4 cup corn meal
1 pinch salt

place milk , eggs and oil in blender . blend at low speed . add sugar
and dry ingredients . pour 6 '' rounds into greased skillet or non-stick
pan . flip when bubbles appear through out and edge of ` cake looks
dull . add more milk for thinner pancakes or more flour for thicker
ones .

yield : 4 servings




crawfish bread

breads , seafood , crawfish

1/4 cup melted butter or margarine
2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
3 large eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon thyme
1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic
1/4 cup chopped green onions
1/4 cup chopped parsley
10 oz cooked crawfish tails ; chop just a little

preheat oven to 375~ . oil and flour a 9x13x2 '' pan . in bowl mix
margarine , flour and eggs . remove lumps . add remaining ingredients
and combine . place batter in prepared pan and bake for 30 to 40
minutes until done . ( wrv )

yield : 1 servings




red lobster bread

breads

2 cup bisquick
1/2 cup cold water
3/4 cup grated cheddar
-- -- topping -- --
1 butter
1 garlic powder
1 italian seasoning
1 parsley

mix all together and spoon onto baking sheet . brush each biscuit with
a mixture of : melted butter , italian seasoning , garlic powder and
parsley . bake at 450 for 8-10 mins .

yield : 12 servings




tortillas

breads

1 cup corn-meal
3 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon shortening

pour boiling salted water over corn-meal and stir . when corn-meal is
cool enough to handle , shape into thin flat cakes and cook on an
un-oiled hot griddle until brown on both sides . 8 servings . lillian
barker smith , memphis , tn .

yield : 8 servings




grandma kirschner 's date nut bread

breads , desserts

1 pkg dates ( 8 oz . )
3/4 cup walnuts , coarsely chopped
1 cup raisins
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup boiling water
2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 each egg whites

preheat oven to 350 . chop dates . combine dates , nuts and raisins in a
bowl . sprinkle baking soda over above mixture . pour 1 cup boiling
water over mixture . cover and set bowl aside while mixing the rest of
the ingredients .
in another bowl mix flour , sugar , baking powder and egg whites .
mix together with pastry blender or two knives held together . combine
ingredients of both bowls ; mix well . bake in a lightly oiled
9-by-5-inch loaf pan 1 hour .

yield : 16 servings




massachusetts corn bread

breads

1 cup yellow cornmeal
1 cup flour
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 egg
1 cup milk
1/2 cup melted shortening

preheat oven to 425 f. sift dry ingredients in mixing bowl . add
egg , milk , and shortening . stir until blended , do not overbeat .
grease 8-inch square pan or iron skillet . heat on top of stove and
pour in batter . bake in the oven 20 to 25 minutes .

serves 8 to 10 .

yield : 4 servings




basic sourdough starter ( with potato )

breads

1 large baking potato peeled , cubed
1 cup white flour
1/2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar

cook potato in water to cover until tender . pour off liquid to
measure 1 c , saving potato for other use . let potato water cook to
lukewarm . in a glass or ceramic bowl that has been scalded , place
flour , yeast and sugar ; add lukewarm potato water and stir in well .
cover with plastic wrap and pierce with fork to release gases . place
in a warm , draft-free location at an even 85f for 2 days ; stir
several times daily . ( do not let sourdough starter rise above 95f
because higher temp are favorable to less desireable microorganisms )
refrigerate until ready to use . replenish with one c flour and 3/4 c
water and let stand overnight or 12 hrs in a warm location before
refrigerating again . when replenishing , add lukewarm water with
flour . starter should be at room temp when using in recipes , always
after having stood 12 hrs from addition of replenishing flour and
water . at least 1 c should remain to refrigerate .

yield : 1 servings




breakfast bars

breads , breakfast

1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg , ground
1/2 cup dried fruit bits
1 eggs
3/4 cup sugar
1 cup applesauce
1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon buttermilk powder
2 cup cheerios

preheat oven to 350 . spray 13x9 '' baking pan with nonstick cooking
spray . combine flour , baking soda , cinnamon , and nutmeg . stir in
dried fruit . beat egg and sugar on high speed 1 minute . stir in
applesauce . alternately beat in flour and buttermilk . stir in 1-1/2
cups of cereal . pour batter into pan . sprinkle top with remaining
cereal . bake 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes
out clean . cool on wire rack .

nutrition per serving : 119 cal . 2 g protein ; 1 g fat ; 26 g
carbohydrate ; 96 mg sodium ; 14 mg cholesterol .

great for anyone who is rushed in the mornings .

posted on `` randa 's recipes '' board on medico , houston tx mm by sylvia
steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo
moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 16 servings




microwave beer bread

breads , microwave

2 cup self-rising flour
1 cup flour
3 tablespoon sugar
12 oz beer
1 tablespoon butter ; softened
1 cornflake crumbs

mix together all ingredients . spray a glass loaf pan with cooking
spray ; sprinkle bottom and sides with crumbs . spoon batter into pan
and top with butter and a light sprinkling of cornflake crumbs .
microwave on medium for 9 minutes , then on high for 2 minutes .

yield : 1 loaf




cheddar braids

breads , cheese , yeast bread

1 cup water ; warm , 110-115 deg . f .
1 pkg active dry yeast ; or
1 tablespoon active dry yeast ; bulk
3 1/2 cup unbleached flour ; *
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup butter ; room temperature
4 each eggs ; lg , room temperature
6 oz cheddar ; extra sharp , diced
1 each egg ; lg
1 tablespoon milk
2 tablespoon celery seeds

* you can use up to 4 1/2 cups of flour in this recipe depending
on the
weather .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++ pour the warm water into a warm bowl and add the yeast . stir to
dissolve then let stand until light and puffed , about 5 minutes . add
1 1/2 cups of the flour , sugar and salt . beat with an electric mixer
on the lowest speed for 1 minute . beat on medium speed for 2 minutes
longer . add the butter to the yeast mixture and beat for another 1
minute . on the lowest speed on the mixer , beat in 1 egg and 1/2 cup
of flour until well blended , repeating until the 4 eggs are used up
and enough flour has been added to make a soft sticky dough .
continue to beat with the mixer or by hand , until the dough is glossy
and elastic and pulls away from the side of the bowl . stir in the
cheddar cheese by hand . cover and let rise in a warm place free from
drafts until doubled in bulk , about 2 1/2 to 3 hours . when the dough
has doubled in bulk , punch down and place in the refrigerator for at
least 5 hours or better , overnight . remove the dough from the
refrigerator . divide in half and cover and refrigerate the second
ball of dough . knead the remaining ball of dough on a lightly
floured surface until soft and pliable . divide the dough into 3
equal parts and roll each piece into a rope 12 to 16-inches long .
braid the ropes , starting in the middle and working toward each end .
pinch the ends together so seal them . grease a large baking sheet
and place the finished braid on one side of the sheet . repeat with
the refrigerated dough . in a small bowl beat the egg and milk
together . brush the braids with the egg mixture and let the braids
rise in a warm place , free from drafts , until dough in bulk , about 1
1/2 to 2 hours . do not cover . midway through the rising time , brush
with the egg mixture again . preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. when
fully risen , brush with the egg mixture for a final time and sprinkle
evenly with the celery seeds . bake for 40 minutes in the preheated
oven until a wooden skewer or pick inserted in the braid comes out
dry . remove from the oven and from the baking sheet . cool to room
temperature , on wire racks , before slicing .

yield : 8 servings




pumpernickel bread ( ee )

breads , caraway see , fennel seed , molasses

2 to 2 1/2 cups flour
1/4 oz dry yeast
1 tablespoon instant coffee
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds , crushed
3 tablespoon molasses
2 tablespoon butter
1/2 oz unsweetened chocolate , chopped
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cup rye flour
1 egg white , lightly beaten

recipe by : essence of emeril show # ee2150

in bowl of an electric mixer combine 1 1/2 cups of flour , yeast ,
coffee , and caraway and fennel seeds . in a saucepan combine molasses ,
butter , chocolate , vinegar , sugar , salt and 1 1/4 cups of water and
heat , stirring , until warm but not boiling . with motor on low , pour
it into flour mixture , and mix for 30 seconds . increase speed to
highh and mix 3 minutes more .

using a spoon add rye flour and as much of remaining flour as
possible . dough will be slightly sticky . turn dough out onto a
floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic . shape into a
ball , place in a greased bowl , cover and let double in size . punch
dough down , turn it out onto a floured surface and divide it into two
pieces . shape into rounds , place them on a baking sheet ( leaving them
enough room to double ) . cover and let rise .

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. whisk egg white and 1 tablespoon water .
brush tops of rounds with egg white glaze and bake for 35 to 40
minutes , until brown and hollow-sounding when bottoms are tapped .

yield : 2 loaves




lemon french toast

breads , cheese/eggs , breakfast , french

1 loaf frozen french bread dough ( or ; frozen white bread dough )
1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 eggs
2 tablespoon grated lemon peel ( use fresh , pleas ; e )
1 teaspoon lemon extract
2 cup milk
1 melted butter or margarine

prepare one loaf french bread as directed on package . cool . store
overnight . cut into 12 equal slices , about 1 inch thick .

beat together flour , sugar , salt and eggs . slowly stir in milk ,
lemon peel and lemon extract . soak bread in batter until saturated .

heat butter in skillet . cook slices over medium heat on each side
until golden brown . serve warm with honey , powdered sugar , jam or
maple syrup .

note : you can use store bought french bread . day-old gives best
texture to finished product .

yield : 6 servings




natural all wheat bread for the zojirushi

breads

1 1/2 cup water ; 110 degrees
3 teaspoon dry yeast
1/3 cup honey
3 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup wheat gluten
2 teaspoon salt

place 3 teaspoons fo dry yeast into home bakery pan . add 1 1/2 cups of
lukewarm water ( 110 degrees ) . mix with spatula until dissolved . add
1/3 cup of honey and blend together with spatula . in a separate bowl ,
mix 3 cups of wheat flour and 1/4 cup of wheat gluten , also add 2 t .
of salt , then place then ingredients into pan . select basic wheat
bread setting and press start .

yield : 1 loaf




north-south onion pancakes

breads , oriental

3 cup flour , cake or all-purpose
1 cup boiling water
1/4 cup cold water or more if dough feels t ; oo dry
3 tablespoon shortening
1 vegetable oil for pan frying
-- -- filling -- --
3 oz boneless breast of chicken skinned ; , diced
1/2 teaspoon cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon cooking sherry
1/4 lb chinese sausage ; diced
1 tablespoon chinese dried shrimp ; minced
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
3 oz chinese barbecued pork diced
1 bunch green onions ; minced
1 teaspoon oyster sauce ( optional )
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1/4 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt

measure flour into a large mixing bowl ; add boiling water , stirring
quickly with chopsticks or fork , then add cold water and mix well .
work dough until smooth and supple . roll dough into shape of a ball .
cover well with plastic wrap or damp cloth ; set aside to rest for 1
hour at room temperature . place the chicken in a small bowl ; add
cornstarch , cooking sherry and pinch of salt . set aside and
refrigerate and let marinate until ready to use . stir-fry chinese
sausage and dried shrimp in hot vegetable oil in a small frying pan
over high heat for 1 minute . add chicken with its marinade and
stir-fry for another 2 minutes . quickly stir in barbecued pork and
3/4 cup of the minced onions . ( set aside remaining onions for pancake
wrappers . ) immediately season with the oyster sauce , soy sauce , sugar
and salt , and mix well . turn off heat ; divide into 16 portions and
set aside . knead dough until smooth and divide equally into 16
pieces ; cover with plastic wrap . work 1 piece of dough at a time ,
keeping the rest covered in plastic wrap . take a piece of dough and
rub both sides with a bit of shortening , then roll out with a rolling
pin to 6 inches in diameter . again rub shortening ( about 1 teaspoon )
onto 1 side of the dough ; sprinkle evenly with about 1 teaspoon
minced scallions and a pinch of salt . curl up the dough from 1 end
into a long , narrow cylinder ; then curl up again lengthwise into a
snail-like cylinder . place the dough on its broad side and roll out
again with a rolling pin into a piece about 4 inches in diameter .
place one portion of filling in center of dough and seal well on top
by pinching the dough like a dumpling . flatten into a 2-inch-diameter
onion pancake . set aside . repeat until all the dough is prepared . pan
fry the onion pancakes in a thin layer of hot vegetable oil over
medium heat , about 2 minutes on each side or until golden brown . pat
the onion pancakes gently with a paper towel to remove excess oil
before serving . makes 16 pancakes , or 8 servings

yield : 8 servings




savory cheddar bread

breads

2 cup flour , all purpose
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon onion salt
1/2 teaspoon crushed oregano
1/4 teaspoon dry mustard
1 cup shredded cheddar
1 each egg , well beaten
1 cup milk
1 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted

stir together flour , baking powder , sugar , onion salt , oregano , dry
mustard and cheddar cheese in a bowl . combine egg , milk and butter ;
add all at once to dry ingredients , stirring just until moistened .
spread batter in a greased 4-1/2x8-1/2x2-1/2 inch loaf pan . bake in a
preheated 350f oven for 45 minutes . cool 10 minutes on wire rack .
remove from pan . source : sargento .

yield : 1 servings




sour dough starter # 7

breads

1 cup milk
1 cup flour

to begin , place one cup milk in a glass jar or crock ( nothing metal )
and allow to stand at room temperature for 24 hours .
stir in 1 cup flour . ( to speed the process , cover with cheese cloth
and place out doors for several hours to expose dough to the wild
yeast cells floating in the wind . )
leave uncovered in a warm place ( 80 is ideal ) for 2 to 5 days ,
depending on how long it takes to bubble and sour . ( may be kept near
pilot light on gas range . ) if it starts to dry out , stir enough
moderately warm water to bring back to the original consistancy . once
it has a good sour aroma and is full of bubbles , it is ready to use .
as you use replace with equal parts milk and flour .

yield : 1 servings




my tea biscuits

breads

2 cup biscuit mix
1 egg
4 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon margarine
1 milk to make 1/2 cup

add milk to egg to make 1/2 cup . put biscuit mix , sugar , and
margarine in a bowl . add just enough liquid to make a soft dough .
stir briskly . turn onto floured surface , knead 8-10 times . roll out
1/2 inch thick . cut out with cutters . place on ungreased baking
sheet . place close together for soft side biscuits and apart for
crusty biscuits . bake at 450 for 8 to 10 minutes .

yield : 4 servings




walnut quick bread ( ee )

breads , quick bread , walnut , emeril

3 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 cup walnuts , roughly chopped
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 2/3 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 cup oil
1 cream cheese or honey-cream cheese ; , for serving

recipe by : essence of emeril show # ee2150

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. grease an 8 by 4 by 2-inch loaf pan .
in a mixing bowl combine flour , sugar , walnuts , baking powder , salt ,
baking soda and cinnamon . in another bowl combine egg , milk , vanilla
and oil . add to flour mixture and stir just until moistened . pour
batter into prepared pan and bake for 1 to 1 1/4 hours , until a
tester inserted in center is dry .

cool completely on a rack before slicing . serve with softened cream
cheese whisked together with honey

yield : 1 loaf




classic sourdough bread**

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
1 1/3 cup warm water
5 to 6 c all-purpose flour or a combi ; nation of
1 all-purpose and whole wheat flours
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda

cornmeal to sprinkle on pans

the sponge : pour 1 c of starter into a large ceramic mixing bowl .
feed and then refrigerate the remainder . add to the starter in the
mixing bowl , the warm water and about 3 c of flour . beat vigorously
with a spoon or wire whisk . cover this sponge with plastic wrap and
put it aside to work . this time period can be very flexible , but
allow at least 2 hours and as many as 24 . the longer it has , the more
yeast there will be for the second rise and the more pronounced the
sour flavor of the bread will be .

the dough : after sponge has bubbled and expanded , remove plastic wrap .
blend salt , sugar and baking soda into 2 c of flour . mix this into
sponge with large spoon . when dough begins to hold together , turn it
out onto floured board and knead it for 3 or 4 minutes . add flour as
needed to make a fairly stiff dough.give the dough a rest and clean
the bowl . continue kneading for another 3 or 4 minutes . place the
dough back in the bowl turning it to grease the top . cover and let
rise for 2 to 4 hours.if you want , you can skip the second rise in
the bowl and proceed directly to the next step .

shaping and baking the loaves : knock down the dough and shape it into
2 long loaves . place them on a cornmeal sprinkled cookie sheet , cover
and let them rise for another 2 hours or so.toward the end of the
rising period , preheat your oven to 450 f and begin heating a kettle
of water on your stove . just before you put them in the oven , slash
the tops of your loaves diagonally with a knife 1/4 '' deep every two
inches and brush with cold water.place a baking pan on the oven
bottom and put in 3 or 4 cups of boiling water . put the loaves on the
rack over the steaming water , close the oven and bake for about 25
minutes .

from the cookie-lady 's files reformatted for mm : dianee 6/29/93

yield : 6 servings




homemade bran flakes

breads , mormon

2 cup bran
2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder
3 tablespoon brewer 's yeast ( optional )
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup oil
1 tablespoon molasses
1 cup water

combine dry ingredients . make a well in the center and add
oil , molasses and water . mix well . divide into three parts and roll
out as thin as possible on greased cookie sheets . bake in 350 f oven
15-20 minutes , or until lightly browned and crisp . if dough is not
completely dry , turn oven off and let it remain longer . break into
small pieces . store in airtight container . makes 1 lb of cereal .

origin : homemaking booklet , mormon church , 1978 . shared by : sharon
stevens

yield : 1 servings




cornmeal chips

breads , snacks

1/2 cup water
1 1/2 tablespoon margarine
1/4 teaspoon chili powder ( or more , if desired )
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder ( or more , if desired )
1/8 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup yellow cornmeal
30 chips
15 calories per chip

1 . preheat oven to 375f ( moderate ) .

2 . lightly grease baking sheet .

3 . heat water , margarine , and seasonings to boiling .
remove from heat . stir in cornmeal and mix well .

4 . divide dough into 30 portions using about 1 teaspoon dough each .
roll each portion into a ball about 3/4 inch in diameter .

5 . place balls on baking sheet , about 3 inches apart .
cover with wax paper and press with bottom of a glass until very
thin , about 2-1/2 inches in diameter . remove wax paper .

6 . bake until lightly browned and crisp -- about 15 minutes .

7 . cool on rack . store in airtight container .

* thrifty meals for two : making food dollars count * usda home and
garden bulletin number 244 * meal-master format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 30 chips




banana nut pancakes

breads , breakfast , gluten-free , milk-free

1 1/2 cup rice flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 1/4 cup water
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoon honey
2 egg yolks ; beaten
2 large bananas ; mashed
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
2 egg whites
1 vegetable oil ; for frying

combine flour , baking powder , salt and xanthan gum in medium bowl .
stir in water , oil , honey , egg yolks , banana and nuts . beat egg
whites in medium bowl until stiff peaks form . fold into batter . pour
batter onto hot oiled griddle or skillet ; cook on both sides until
golden brown .

each serving ( 2 pancakes ) provides : * 283 calories * 6 g. protein *
12 g. fat * 40 g. carbohydrate * 2 g. dietary fiber * 55 mg .
cholesterol * 399 mg. sodium

source : basic rice recipes for those with allergies reprinted with
permission from usa rice council electronic format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 16 4 '' pancakes




dilly bread

breads

2 cup chopped onions
1/2 cup water
3 cup warm water
1/4 cup sweetener
2 tablespoon yeast
1 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon oil
1/3 cup nutritional yeast
3 tablespoon dry dill weed
3 cup white flour
7 cup wholewheat flour

cook onions in 1/2 c water . combine sweetener , yeast & warm water &
let stand till it foams . add 4 c flour to the yeast mixture . stir
vigorously for 1 minute . stir in all remaining ingredients except the
flour . after this is well mixed , beat in the rest of the flour a
little at a time until you have the correct consistency . cover & let
rise till doubled . punch down dough , knead & form into loaves . place
into 3 oiled loaf pans . let rise again till almost doubled . bake at
350f for 35 to 40 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




banana nut bread ( a risen bread )

breads

4 3/4 cup flour - all purpose
3/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 pkg yeast- active dry
1/3 cup evaporated milk - undiluted
1/3 cup water
1/3 cup margarine
2 eggs - at room
1 cup banana - mashed
1/2 cup pecans , chopped
2 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
2 tablespoon margarine , melted

in large bowl , mix 1 1/4 cups flour , 1/2 cup sugar , salt and
undissolved yeast .
heat evaporated milk , water , and margarine to 120f-130f . margarine
need not melt . add to dry ingredients ; beat 2 minutes at medium
speed of mixer .
add eggs , banana , and 1 cup flour ; beat at high speed 2 minutes .
stir in pecans and enough remaining flour to make stiff dough . knead
8 to 10 minutes . set in greased bowl ; grease top . cover ; let rise
until doubled , about 1 hour . punch dough down . divide in half ;
shape into loaves . place in 2 greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2 inch loaf
pans . cover ; let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . mix remaining
sugar and cinnamon . brush loaves with melted margarine ; top with
sugar mixture . bake at 375f 25 to 35 minutes .
cool . from fleischmann 's yeast package 11/90

yield : 2 servings




chapatis # 2

breads , indian

2 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup water

yield : 12 chapatis cooking time : 2 minutes each

put the flour and salt into a bowl . add the water and mix to a stiff
dough ; knead well until the dough feels firm and elastic . then place
in a greased plastic bag or in grease proof paper and leave in a warm
place for 30 minutes . turn onto a floured board , shape the dough
into a long roll , and divide into 12 equal slices . roll out paper
thin . heat the heavy frying pan and when very hot , cook the chapatis
for not more than one minute on either side . cool in a tea towel .
chapatis should always be cooked fresh for each meal .

note :

to cook them , you can use an ungreased heavy frying pan , griddle ,
bakestone or solid plate .

left-over chapatis make an attractive crispbread when dried off in a
cool oven .

from how to make good curries by helen lawson copyright 1973

yield : 6 servings




sauerkraut beer bread

breads

8 oz sauerkraut ; preferably cold pack
1 1/2 cup flour , rye
3 cup flour , bread
1/4 cup sugar , brown , light
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon caraway seeds
4 tablespoon butter , unsalted ; melted
12 fl oz beer

heat the oven to 350 degrees . grease a 9x5x3-inch loaf pan . rinse the
sauerkraut under cold water . squeeze it with your hands to remove as
much liquid as possible . set aside .

combine the flours , sugar , baking powder , salt and caraway seeds in a
large mixing bowl . form a well in the enter and add the butter and
beer . stir in with a wooden spoon until ingredients are combines . add
sauerkraut and mix well .

transfer to the prepared pan . bake until a toothpick inserted in
center tests clean ; about 60 minutes . turn out onto a wire rack . this
bread is best served warm .

pat dailey , chicago tribune , 13 march 1991

yield : 1 loaf




louise frazier 's southern corn bread

breads , quick & easy

1 1/2 cup cornmeal -- stone ground
3 tablespoon flour
2 tablespoon sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup buttermilk
2 eggs -- well beaten
4 tablespoon dripping

preheat the oven to 350f . combine the dry ingredients and stir in the
wet . pour the mixture into a lightly buttered 8 '' square pan and bake
for 40 minutes , checking after 30 . this is a dense , chewy cornbread
and serves 6 to 8 . again , substitutions can be made : skim buttermilk ,
egg beaters , and butter substitutes for the dripping and to grease
the pan . do try to find stone ground cornmeal , though . it gives the
cornbread a wonderful flavor and texture . the batter may also be
fried in a large pan on to p of the stove , flipping it over so both
sides are crunchy .

~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

notes : body in the basement : a faith fairchild mystery . pix miller ,
faith 's neighbor . they live in maine .

from phannema @ wizard.ucr.edu sat aug 10 08:34:49 1996 body in the
basement : a faith fairchild mystery . total of 3 recipes recipe by
: katherine hall page , 1994

yield : 8 servings




cheery cherry bread - crockpot

breads , desserts , crockpot

1 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
3/4 cup sugar
6 oz maraschino cherries
3/4 cup pecans ; coarsely chop

drain cherries , s reserving 1/3 c syrup , and cut cherries in
pieces ( about 1/2 c ) . mix flour , baking powder and salt . beat eggs
and sugar together until thick and piled softly . alternately add dry
ingredients and the 1/3 c cherry syrup to egg mixture , mixing until
well-blended after each addition . mix in cherries and pecans . turn
into well greased and floured cooker bake pan or 2 lb . coffee can .
cover bake pan with lid or if using coffee can , cover with 6 layers
paper towels . set in crock pot . cover and cook on high 2 - 3 hours .
remove bake pan and cool 10 minutes before removing from pan . from
`` culinary arts institute crockery cooking ''

yield : 12 servings




molasses sourdough pumpernickel bread

breads , sourdough

2 tablespoon butter
1/3 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
2 cup milk
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup whole-bran cereal
4 cup rye flour , medium grind
1/2 cup dark molasses
2 cup sourdough starter*
5 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 egg yolk mixed w/1 tb water

in a pan melt the butter , stir in the milk , salt and molasses . add
the 2 cups of sourdough starter sponge , bran cereal , rye flour and 2
cups of the all-purpose flour . beat until very well blended . now work
in the rest of the flour as needed to knead the dough until smooth
and elastic . turn out onto a lightly floured board and knead for
about 10 minutes . put into a well-greased bowl , cover and let rise
until double in size . punch down dough . grease a couple of cookie
sheets . make dough into 3 round loaves . flatten them sllightly . let
rise again until double in size . with a sharp knife cut 1/2-inch
slashes on top of each loaf . brush with the egg yolk mixture . bake
in a 350f oven for 40 minutes or until golden brown .

* take starter out of refrigerator the night before . put 2 cups
water in a large bowl , add the original starter and 2 cups of flour
and 1 tablespoon sugar . mix well . cover and let set overnight . next
morning take out the original starter and return it to the
refrigerator for future use . use what is left in the bowl for your
bread .

yield : 1 loaf




saturday market elephant ears

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm water
2 eggs beaten
4 cup flour
6 tablespoon sugar

servings : 12

sugar and cinnamon mix - set aside

soften yeast in warm water . combine all ingredients except the
cinnamon sugar mix . mix well . divide dough into 12 pieces . let sit
10 minutes . roll out on a lightly floured board . using hands , stretch
each piece into circular shape . heat vegetable oil in 10 skillet
( cast iron is best ) . place each circle of dough in the hot grease .
turn once - the surface will bubble and blister and should be lightly
browned . turn with spatula and broad knife . place on absorbent paper
toweling . sprinkle immediately with mix of sugar and cinnamon . if you
tear a hole in the circle as it is being stretched that will not
matter .

this will be a favorite for all ages . the recipe has been around a
long time , but each time we make them someone has never heard of
individuals making them .

courtesy of : joann pierce

yield : 12 servings




never fail wholewheat bread

breads , bakery

13 cup wholewheat flour
1/4 cup molasses
3 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoon dry yeast
2 teaspoon sugar
3 1/2 cup lukewarm water

mix together flour , molasses , salt & oil . proof yeast in 1 cup of
lukewarm water . let sit for 10 minutes . add to flour mixture . mix
in the rest of the water , a little at a time , until the dough is firm
& not too sticky . turn out onto lightly floured board & knead for 15
minutes . place in large , lightly oiled bowl , cover with damp cloth &
let rise till doubled .

punch down dough . divide into 3 & knead each piece for 3 minutes .
shape into greased loaf tins , cover & let rise till doubled . bake at
350f for 1 hour .

recipe by mark satterly

yield : 1 servings




pitcaithly bannock ( scottish )

breads , scottish

8 oz flour
4 oz butter
2 oz caster sugar
1 oz choped almonds
1 oz mixed candied peel

: set oven to 325f/gas 3 . grease a baking sheet . sift the flour
into a bowl . add the sugar and butter and rub in to form a dough . add
the almonds and mix in the peel , making sure they are evenly
distributed . form into a thick round on a lightly floured surface and
prick all over with a fork . place on the sheet and bake for about
45-60 minutes . allow to cool and serve sliced thinly and buttered
:
: : from the booklet scottish teatime recipes : : typed in for you by
ray watson

yield : 1 recipe




food processor brioche

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 105f-to-115f )
2 1/3 cup bread flour
1/3 cup sugar
3/4 cup butter cool but not hard-chilled
3 eggs
-- -- glaze -- --
1 egg yolk ; beaten , mixed with
2 tablespoon water

grease and flour 10 small fluted 1/3-cup brioche tins . or use 1 3-cup
brioche pan . dissolve yeast and a pinch of sugar in warm water . in
food processor or mixer , add flour and the rest of the sugar . beat in
the cool butter . add yeast and water ; beat in the 3 eggs , 1 at a
time . beat until shiny and glossy , and the dough forms long slick
strings with an adhesive quality . if the food processor turns off ,
the dough is ready . place it in an oiled plastic bag or oiled bowl ;
turn to coat . seal or cover . let rise in a warm place until tripled .
punch down and let rise again covered , in the refrigerator for 6
hours or overnight . take 2/3 of the now-spongy dough and , working
quickly , form into balls . put balls in tins . cut a deep cross in the
center of each ball . with remaining dough , form small pear-shaped
knobs . fit the pointed ends of the knobs into the center of each
cross , pressing firmly in place . let rise , uncovered , in a warm place
until the dough doubles .

preheat oven to 375f . brush dough with egg glaze . bake 20 minutes , or
until browned . for a quick brioche , cover dough in the greased bowl
with plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour in the refrigerator . grease
brioche forms or muffin tins . when dough is chilled , knead it with
floured hands . it should not require any more flour . shape . brush all
over with glaze . let double 15 to 20 minutes , and bake in a 400f
oven , about 10 minutes or until brown .

yield : 10 servings




kolachky dough

breads

6 cup flour
2 cup shortening
3 egg yolks
1 can evaporated milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
4 cup warm water

contributed to the echo by : leti labell originally
from : `` the best of boris '' , by the st. mark women 's
guild from bethesda maryland kolachky dough # 1 mix
flour and shortening as for pie crust . make a hole in
center of mixture and add egg yolks , milk , yeast , and
vanilla . mix until smooth and dough leaves sides of
bowl . form into large balls , each just large enough to
roll out at one time . cover with wax paper and
refrigerate overnight . roll out each ball about 1/4 ''
thick on a board covered with powdered sugar . cut
dough into 2 '' or 3 '' squares and place 1 teaspoon of
any desired filling in center of dough ; fold dough
over to opposite side and pinch together or roll into
horn shape . place on ungreased cookie sheet . bake in
350 oven until lightly brown , about 12 to 15 minutes .
sprinkle with powdered sugar before serving .

yield : 1 servings




drop scones

beverages , breads

1 cup all-pupose flour
1 pinch baking soda
1 pinch salt
3 tablespoon sugar
2/3 cup buttermilk
1 egg , lightly beaten
2 teaspoon butter , melted , cooled
1 butter

scotland 's version of the scone , sometimes known as `` scot 's pancake '' .
looks more like a crumpet , though the texture resembles a pancake .

preheat a griddle or heavy skillet over high heat ; grease lightly .
sift flour , baking soda and salt into a large bowl . stir in sugar . add
buttermilk , egg , and melted butter and mix well with a wooden spoon .
drop tablespoonfuls of batter onto griddle or skillet , spacing scones
well apart . cook a few minutes or until tops are bubbling and
undersides are golden brown ; flip over with a wide spatula and cook
until brown on other side . as scones are cooked , wrap them in a
cloth towl or napkin to keep them moist and warm while you cook
remaining scones . serve warm with butter . makes 12 to 15 scones .

variations : fruit drop scones - add 1/2 cup raisins ( plumped ) to dry
ingredients .

yield : 12 servings




tuscan bread

breads , italian

1 oz fresh yeast ; -=or=- instant dry yeast
1 1/4 cup warm water ( 125f )
2 1/4 cup unbleached white flour
1/4 cup whole wheat flour

in a large bowl , dissolve the yeast in the water . mix the 2 flours
and stir them in to make a soft dough . knead 10 minutes by hand , or 4
minutes in a heavy duty mixer with a dough hook . oil a clean bowl and
set the dough in it , cover tightly with plastic wrap and let rise
until doubled in bulk . ( in the traditional warm place , this will take
about 2 hours . however , a cooler temperature will do as long as the
dough has enough time to rise , including overnight in the
refrigerator . ) if the dough is ready sooner than it is needed , punch
it down and refrigerate it or let it rise slowly again at room
temperature until ready to use . rub 2 to 3 tablespoons flour into a
lintless dish towel and set the towel on a baking sheet . when the
dough has completed its rising , punch it down , turn it out onto a
floured work surface , and flatten it into an oblong about 8 inches
wide , 10 inches long , and 1/4-inch thick . it will still be very soft ,
but try to use a minimum of additional flour in handling it . roll the
dough tight , jelly-roll fashion , into a cylindrical shape . flatten
this to about 1-inch thick and roll it again . ( this activates the web
of gluten that will keep the loaf from flattening out in the oven . )
for a round loaf , tuck both ends of the cylinder under to meet in the
center , pinching to seal them . roll the dough around the work surface
under your hands , to shape it into a smooth ball about 5 inches in
diameter . for an oblong loaf , roll the dough under your hands into a
fat cigar shape , extending it to about 10 inches in length . set the
loaf on the floured towel and fold the ends of the towel loosely
around it . put the covered loaf , on its baking sheet , in a warm place
to rise for 1 hour . preheat an oven lined with baking tiles to 400f .
have a water-filled sprayer handy . slide your hand under the towel ,
pick up the loaf , and gently deposit it upside down on the tiles .
spray water into the oven before closing the door , and spray twice
more at 2-minute intervals . bake for 50 minutes or until golden
brown . the bread should have a hollow sound when you knock on its
bottom . makes 1 loaf

yield : 1 servings




corn bread ii

breads , cajun

2 cup corn meal
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
2 cup buttermilk
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , beaten

prepare large cast iron skillet : grease generously with bacon
drippings so that bottom of skillet is well covered . place skillet in
400 f. oven to heat . meanwhile prepare batter : combine dry
ingredients , add eggs and butter milk , mixing well . remove skillet
from oven when grease starts to smoke ; scrape batter into skillet .
batter must start to sizzle as soon as it hits skillet . place in
oven and continue baking for 20-25 minutes , or until browned on top .
i do n't use this skillet for anything but corn bread and i never wash
it , just wipe out well . after a few times you will find the corn
bread will fall out of pan easily and intact . courtesy telephone
pioneers
: billspalding *p crbr 38 a

yield : 1 servings




hush puppies ii

breads , main dish , cajun

2 2/3 cup cold water
1 large onion , chopped fine
1 1/2 cup yellow corn meal
1 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon butter or oleo
1/4 cup parsley flakes
2 2/3 tablespoon plain flour
1 teaspoon salt

add butter to water and bring to a boil . add onion and parsley
flakes to boiling water . sift together corn meal , flour , baking
powder and salt .
stir this into the boiling water mixture and cook 5 minutes . stir
well . spread on large cookie sheet and cool . roll into small balls
and freeze on a cookie sheet . fry in deep fat . courtesy telephone
pioneers billspalding *p crbr 38 a

yield : 20 servings




jamaican buns

breads , disney

3 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon lemon rind ; -or- lemon extract
1 cup butter or shortening
3 eggs
3/4 cup milk
1 cup raisins
1 1/4 cup shredded coconut
2 egg whites ; lightly beaten

preheat oven to 350 f .

in a large mixing bowl , combine flour , sugar , baking powder , salt , and
lemon rind . cut in butter until mixture is crumbly in texture . beat
eggs with milk and add to flour mixture . blend until just moistened .
do not over mix . add raisins and coconut and mix again , just enough
to incorporate . using an ice-cream scoop or tablespoon , portion
dough onto a greased cookie sheet . brush the tops of each bun with
beaten egg whites and sprinkle with sugar .

bake for about 25 minutes . buns should be golden brown and firm to
touch .

source : cinnamon bay bakery - disney 's caribbean beach resort
: cooking with mickey - volume ii
: typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 24 servings




the doctor 's sourdough bread

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
2 cup warm water
2 cup warm milk
1 tablespoon butter
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup honey
7 cup unbleached flour
1/4 cup wheat germ
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda

mix the starter and 2 1/2 cups of the flour and all the water the
night before you want to bake . let stand in warm place overnight .
next morning mix in the butter with warm milk and stir in yeast until
until dissolved . add honey and when thoroughly mixed , add 2 more
cups of flour , and stir in the wheat germ .
sprinkle sugar , salt , and baking soda over the mixture . gentlypress
into dough and mix lightly . allow to stand from 30 to 50 minutes
until mixture is bubbly . add enough flour until the dough cleans the
sides of the bowl . then place the dough on a lightly floured board
and kead 100 times or until silky mixture is developed . form into 4
1-lb loaves , place in well-greased loaf pans 9 x 3 size . let rise
until double , about 2 to 3 hours in a warm room .
then bake in hot oven , 400 degrees f , for 20 minutes . reduce oven
temp . to 325 degrees f. and bake 20 minutes longer or until
thoroughly baked . remove from pans and place loaves on rack to cool .
butter tops of loaves to prevent hard crustyness .
makes 4 1-lb loaves

yield : 18 servings




oatmeal cinnamon scones

breads

1/4 cup oatmeal
1 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup flour
6 tablespoon butter , cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup buttermilk or :
1/2 cup cream or :
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup brown sugar , packed
1 large egg , beaten
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder ( dbl acting )
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon grated orange zest

position rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees .
into a large bowl , sift the flour , sugars , baking powder , baking
soda , and salt . add oatmeal & mix together . distribute the butter
cubes over the flour mixture . using your fingertips , quickly rub the
butter cutes into the flour mixture , until the mixture resembles
coarse meal .

in a medium bowl , stir together the buttermilk , egg , vanilla , & zest .

add the liquid mixture to the flour mixture . with a large rubber
spatula , using as few strokes as possible , stir gently until the
dough is moistened and begins to cling together . handling the dough
as little as possible , stir until all the ingredients are completely
combined .

using a 1/3-c. measuring cup , drop the dough onto an ungreased baking
sheet , leaving at least 1-inch between the scones . bake 16 to 18
minutes , until the scones are golden brown . cool the scones on the
baking sheet set on a wire rack for 5 minutes . using a mental
spatula , transfer the scones to the wire rack and cool completely .
serve warm or store completely cooled scones in an airtight container
at room temperature .

yield : 6 servings




sour milk cakes

breads , cakes

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup sour milk
1/2 cup sour cream
1 egg , well beaten

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder , baking soda , and
salt . add sour cream , egg , and sour milk . beat until smooth . bake on
hot griddle . 16 servings . the household searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




la maida house bran muffins

breads

1 cup sifted whole wheat flour
1 cup unprocessed bran flakes
2/3 cup raisins
1/3 cup chopped pecans
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg ; beaten to blend
3 tablespoon safflower oil
2 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon molasses
1 teaspoon cider vinegar
1 cup milk

preheat oven to 425 degrees . combine flour , bran , raisins , pecans ,
baking powder , baking soda and salt in large mixing bowl . stir
thoroughly . mix egg , milk , oil , honey , molasses & vinegar in small
bowl . make a well in center of dry ingredients . add egg mixture and
stir only until just combined ; do not overmix . fill muffin cups 2/3
full with batter . bake 15 minutes . serve warm .
variations- add grated carrot , crushed pineapple , chopped prunes ,
chopped apples , cinnamon , or any other fruits and spices .

source : bon appetit magazine , date unknown typed for you by karen
mintzias

yield : 12 servings




singin ' hinney

breads , cakes

8 oz plain flour
1/4 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 oz lard
3 oz currants
1 milk

lightly grease a large thick based frying pan or girdle .

sift flour , bicarb , cream of tartar and salt into a bowl . add lard ,
cut into small pieces , and rub in with the fingertips until mixture
resembles fine breadcrumbs . add currants and about 6 tablespoons
milk ; stir with a fork until just mixed to a soft dough . place frying
pan over a low heat .

turn out onto a floured board and knead lightly . roll out to a
circle , 8 inches diameter . place in frying pan and cook until golden
brown on underside - about 15 minutes . turn with a fish-slice ;
lightly press down edges with the slice and cook on the other side
for a further 8 to 10 minutes .

remove from pan . split in half with a sharp knife , spread half with
butter , sandwhich together and cut into wedges . serve hot .

from : - `` the cupboard was bare '' some recipes for `` empty larder days '' by
sylvia percival ( my wife )

this is a recipe we picked up when we were living in county durham -
northern england . very popular because it 's cheap , simple , filling ,
and delicious .

yield : 4 servings




crackling bread

breads

2 cup corn meal
1/2 teaspoon soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
1 cup cracklings , diced ( see below )

sift corn meal , salt and soda together . add milk and stir in
cracklings . form into oblong cakes and place on greased baking
sheets . bake , hot , for 30 minutes .

cracklings : cut fat back into thin 1-1/2 inch squares . fry in deep
fat until they are curled and golden brown . drain cracklings on
absorbent paper . serve warm or cold or use for crackling bread .

tillamook county pioneer museum

origin : a taste of oregon shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 6 servings




quick & easy pepperoni puffs *** judy/nc

appetizers , breads , party

2 cup crescent rolls
1 pkg epperoni ; chopped
2 cup cheese ; sharp cheddar chees
1 single mayonnaise ; hellman 's or k
1/2 cup onion ; dried minced

are you looking for a pepperoni dinner roll ? sorry , i do n't have a
recipe for those , but i have a recipe for pepperoni puffs . i use
these for at cocktail parties . if you like pepperoni , these are very
easy and delicious . they always disappear fast . add enough hot water
to cover minced onion and let soak a few minutes until softened .
drain well . chop pepperoni in food processor . blend grated cheddar ,
pepperoni and onions in small bowl . add enough mayonnaise to moisten
well . divide crescent rolls into four rectangles tangles , pinching
perforations together . leaving a 1/2 inch border all around each
rectangle , spread the pepperoni mixture between borders . roll up
each rectangle into a log , pinching seams on all edges . cut each log
into 1 inch rounds . then cut each round in half . put rounds into
greased miniature muffin tins . bake at 375 degrees for 8 minutes .
remove immediately from tins using a spoon . serve warm . ( can be
frozen and reheated ) .the variations you can add to this are
endless.just to name a few : 1.chopped green olives
2.chopped ripe olives 3.chopped canned mushrooms 4.grated
mozzarella cheese 5.grated muenster cheese 6.crumbled italian
seasonings i hope someone else will post something that you can use .
what ingredients are in the roll you are looking for ? 09/02 12:29 am
judy/nc pjxg05a

yield : 16 servings




cornmeal pancakes

breads , breakfast

1/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1/3 cup flour
2 tablespoon instant non fat dry milk
2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
1/3 cup water
1 tablespoon margarine ; melted

6 pancakes 90 calories per pancake

1 . mix dry ingredients .

2 . mix egg and water thoroughly . stir into dry ingredients with
margarine . mix until dry ingredients are barely moistened . batter
will be lumpy .

3 . for each pancake , pour batter onto hot griddle or frypan , using
about 3 tablespoons batter . cook until top is bubbly and edges begin
to dry .

4 . turn and brown other side .

* thrifty meals for two : making food dollars count * usda home and
garden bulletin number 244 * meal-master format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 6 pancakes




beer bread

breads

3 cup flour , unsifted
3 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon honey
12 oz beer

grease 9x5x3 '' loaf pan . combine flour , beer , and honey in large bowl ,
stir together until well mixed . spread batter in prepared pan . bake
at 350f for 45 min or until browned and a wooden pick comes out
clean . turn out on rack . cool before slicing .

yield : 8 servings




cornucopia

breads , holiday , christmas , easter

3 can soft-breadstick dough
1 large egg , beaten with :
1 tablespoon water
-- -- assorted raw vegetables -- --
1 sugar snap peas , red and
1 yellow cherry tomatoes ,
1 baby carrots , baby squash ,
1 cauliflower and broccli
1 floretts .

1 . preheat oven to 350 degrees f. lightly spray a cookie sheet , at
least 17 '' x 14 '' , with non-stick cooking spray .

2 . tear off a 30 '' x 18 '' sheet of heavy duty aluminum foil . fold in 1/2
to 18 '' x 15 '' . roll diagonally to form a hollow cone , about 18 '' long
with a diameter of 5 '' at the widest end ( cornucopia opening ) . fasten
end with clear tape . stuff cone with crumpled regular foil until
form is rigid . bend tail of cone up then down at end . spray outside
of cone with non-stick cooking spray . place on cookie sheet .

3 . open and unroll first can of breadstick dough on work surface .
seperate breadsticks . begin by wraping one breadstick around tip of
cone . brush end of next breadstick with glaze and press to attach to
end of first breadstick . continue spiral-wrapping cone , slightly
overlapping dough until there are 3 breadsticks left .

4 . pinch one end of the 3 breadsticks together , then braid . brush
bread around opening of cornucopia with glaze . gently press on braid .
brush entire cornucopia with glaze .

5 . bake 45 minutes in preheated oven or until bread is a rich brown .
( if parts start to darken too much , cover them with poeces of foil . )

6 . remove from oven and let cool completely on cookie sheet on a wire
rack . carefully remove foil when cool . ( if freezing , leave foil in
bread for support . remove when thawed . )

7 . fill cornucopia with the assorted raw vegetables directly on
table and let them spill out of opening

note -- to prevent this center-piece from absorbing atmospheric
moisture , the baked cornucopia cone can be sprayed with shellac or
clear enamel . if treated in this manner , the cornucopia will be
inedible but can be preserved and re-used .

yield : 1 servings




salt-rising bread

breads

3 1/2 cup thinly sliced new potatoes
5 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon yellow cornmeal
4 cup boiling water
1 teaspoon baking soda
8 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon olive oil

preheat oven to 350f . place potatoes , 3 teaspoons salt , honey and
cornmeal in a stainless steel bowl and cover with boiling water .
cover with a cloth and let stand for about 15 hours . maintain
temperature at about 90f . drain and discard the potatoes . reserve the
water . place baking soda , remaining 2 teaspoons salt and 3 cups of
flour in a mixer , turn to slow speed and add the potato water . beat
about 5 minutes . scrape the `` sponge '' into a mixing bowl , cover with a
damp cloth , place in a warm part of the kitchen and let rise until
bubbles form , about 1 1/2 hours . meanwhile , combine milk and olive
oil in a small saucepan , bring to a boil and immediately remove from
the heat . let cool to lukewarm . replace the sponge in the mixing
bowl , add the milk and slowly incorporate remaining 5 cups of flour .
knead with a dough hook for 7 minutes . if dough seems too sticky , add
up to 3/4 cup additional flour . divide dough in 3 and place in
greased loaf pans . cover with a damp towel , place in a warm spot and
let rise until doubled in volume . bake for about 1 hour . makes 3
loaves

yield : 3 servings




persimmon bread

breads , fruits/nuts

3 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground mace
2 cup to 2 1/2 c sugar , to taste
1 cup melted butter
4 eggs , lightly beaten
2/3 cup cognac or bourbon
2 cup persimmon puree **
2 cup coarse chopped walnuts opt
2 cup raisins opt

** use about 4 medium , very ripe persimmons to make puree . it 's not
necessary to peel fruit ) .
sift all five dry ingredients into a mixing bowl . then make a well in
the center and add the melted butter , eggs , cognac , persimmon puree ,
and , if you like , the nuts and raisins . mix the dough until it is
quite smooth . butter and flour four molds ; use either four 1-pound
coffee cans or 3- to 4-cup charlotte molds , or round stainless steel
bowls . fill the prepared molds about three-fourths full . bake for 1
hour at 350 degrees . cool the loaves in the molds and turn out on a
rack .
note : wrap in foil after cooling if you wish to keep the loaves . they
will keep nicely from 1 to 2 weeks .

yield : 1 servings




monkey bread iii

breads , cakes

1 handful nuts , such as walnuts or pe ; cans
3 5/8 oz butterscotch pudding or pie filling ; ( 1 package )
1 *** do not use instant ***
20 frozen bread rolls ( bridgeford bran ; d )
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 dash salt
1/4 lb butter or margarine , melted

spray a bundt pan with vegetable cooking spray ( pam ) . put the nuts in
the bottom of the pan . sprinkle the dry pudding mix over the nuts .
arrange the frozen bread rolls evenly over the pudding . mix the
sugar , cinnamon , salt , and butter together and pour over the top of
the rolls . cover and refrigerate overnight or cover and place in a
draft-free place until the rolls thaw and rise to the top of the pan .
bake at 350 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes or until the top is a deep
golden brown . cool for 5 minutes . invert and serve .

[ the baltimore sun ; february 13 , 1991 ; joyce eiben ]

yield : 6 servings




no fry doughnuts

breads

2 pkg yeast , dry
1/4 cup ; water , warm
1 1/2 cup milk ; scalded & cooled
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon ; if desired
2 egg
1/3 cup shortening
4 1/2 cup flour
1 cinnamon sugar

in a large mixer bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water . add milk ,
sugar , salt , spices , eggs , shortening , and 2 cups flour . blend 1/2
minute at medium speed , scraping bowl occasionally . stir in
remaining flour until smooth , scraping sides of bowl , cover . let rise
in warm place until double 50 - 60 minutes . turn dough on to
well-floured cloth-covered board ; roll around lightly to coat with
flour . dough will be soft to handle . with floured
stockinette-covered rolling pin , gently roll dough about 1/2 inch
thick . cut with floured 2-1/2 inch doughnut cutter . lift doughnuts
carefully with spatula and place 2-inches apart on greased cookie
sheet . brush doughnuts with melted butter . cover ; let rise until
double , about 20 minutes .

heat oven to 425 degrees . bake 8 to 10 minutes or until golden .
immediately brush with melted butter and shake in sugar or cinnamon
squares or spread with glaze . makes 1-1/2 to 2 dozen doughnuts .

cinnamon sugar : mix 1/2 cup sugar and 1/2 tsp . cinnamon .

creamy glaze : melt 1/3 cup butter . blend in 2 cups
confectioners ' sugar and 1-1/2 tsp . vanilla . stir in 4 to 6
tablespoons water , one tablespoon at a time , until melted glaze is of
proper consistency .

from : lancaster farming
shared by : pat stockett
fidonet cooking echo

yield : 4 servings




blueberry corn bread

breads , fruits

1 cup flour , sifted
3/4 cup cornmeal
3 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup blueberries , fresh or frozen
1 egg
2/3 cup milk , lowfat
1/3 cup salad oil

grease or spray 8x8-in . baking pan . preheat oven to 425f . in bowl mix
flour , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder and salt . stir in blueberries .
in small bowl beat egg ; add milk and oil , mix . pour all at once into
flour mixture . stir just until dry ingredients are evently
moistened . pour batter into baking pan . bake 25 minutes or until
golden .

yield : 6 servings




cheese-garlic biscuits as served at red lobster

breads

2 cup bisquick . baking mix
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup cheddar cheese ( 2 oz . ) ; shredded
1/4 cup butter or margarine ; melted
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder

mix baking mix , milk and cheese until soft dough forms ; beat
vigorously 30 seconds . drop dough by spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie
sheet . bake in a preheated oven at 450-degrees for 8 to 10 minutes or
until golden brown . mix butter and garlic powder ; brush over warm
biscuits before removing from cookie sheet . serve warm . ( 10 to 12
biscuits ) posted to digest bread-bakers.v097.n103 by jadi @ juno.com
( jadi christian ) on sep 13 , 1996

yield : 1 servings




do-ahead sticky buns

breads , desserts , biscuits

1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1 pkg butterscotch regular pudding and pi ; e filling ( 3 5/8 oz )
1/4 cup margarine or butter melted
1 tablespoon milk
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 pkg active dry yeast
3/4 cup water water ( 105to115 )
2 3/4 cup bisquick baking mix

mix brown sugar , pudding ( dry ) , margarine , milk and cinnamon .
dissolve yeast in water water ; stir in baking mix until soft dough
forms . turn dough onto cloth-covered board dusted with baking mix .
knead until smooth , about 20 times . sprinkle with additional baking
mix ( up to 1/4 cup ) if dough is too sticky . roll into rectangle , 15 x
9 inches .
spread 3/4 of the reserved butterscotch mixture over dough . roll up
tightly , beginning at 15-inch side . pinch edge of dough into roll to
seal . cut into 9 slices . pour remaining butterscotch mixture into
square pan , 9 x 9 x 2 inches . place rolls slightly apart on
butterscotch mixture . cover and refrigerate up to 24 hour . ( to bake
immediately , cover and let rise in warm place until double , 25 to 30
minutes . bake as directed below .
remove cover from pan of rolls . let rise in warm place until
double , 45 to 60 minutes . heat oven to 375 . bake until golden
brown , 25 to 30 minutes . immediately invert pan on heat proof serving
plate . let pan remain a minute so butterscotch drizzles over rolls .
high altitude directions ( 3500 to 6500 feet ) : no adjustments are
necessary .

yield : 9 rolls




yorkshire pudding ii

breads , breakfast

2 tablespoon beef drippings
4 eggs
2 cup milk
2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 450 . if necessary , add enough oil to drippings to
make 2 tb . spoon drippings into 15-1/2 '' x10-1/2 '' x2 '' roasting pan .
brush drippings over bottom and sides of the pan . set pan in oven to
get hot before adding batter . in large mixing bowl , beat eggs and
milk together . add flour and salt ; if desired , beat in 1/2 ts dried
basil , chervil , marjoram , rosemary , or thyme . beat till mixture is
smooth . pour batter into prepared roasting pan . bake 20-25 min . or
till done . immediately cut into squares to serve .

yield : 8 servings




date bread

breads

1 tablespoon butter
1 cup sugar
1 each egg
1/2 cup nut meats
2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup dates
1 cup water ; boiling

dissolve soda in boing water . pour over cup of diced dates . add
butter and sugar , creamed . add some flour , eggs beaten , then salt and
balance of flour with nuts . bake 35 to 40 minutes at 375 f .

source : mrs. nellie ragen , selden grange , fayette county , oh mrs. ruth
overturf , selden grange , fayette county , oh

yield : 1 servings




apricot-filled coffee bread

breads

-- -- bread -- --
1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup warm water
2 eggs
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup sour cream
1/3 cup butter ; melted and cooled
2 1/2 cup flour ; sifted
-- -- filling -- --
6 oz dried apricots ; chopped
1 cup water
1/3 cup honey
1/8 teaspoon cinnamon
-- -- topping -- --
1 egg white
1 teaspoon water
2 tablespoon almonds ; sliced

combine yeast and warm water . in a large bowl , combine all bread
ingredients except 1 cup flour . blend at low speed , then beat on high
speed for about 3 minutes . beat in remaining 1 cup flour with a
wooden spoon . turn out on a floured surface and knead about 10
minutes . turn into a greased bowl ; cover . let rise until double .

meanwhile , combine filling ingredients in a saucepan over medium-high
heat . bring to a boil and cook , covered , for about 10-15 minutes ,
until liquid is absorbed .

punch dough down and roll out to a rectangle about 10 x 15 '' . place on
a lightly greased sheet . mark dough into 3 lengthwise sections . spread
filling in center third . with a sharp knife , cut 10 diagonal strips
on each side . overlap strips first from one side then the other .
brush loaf with egg white mixed with water . let rise in a warm place
until almost double , about 30 minutes . sprinkle with almonds . bake in
a preheated 350f oven for 30 minutes .

source : shelby lynne smith of stinson beach , ca typed by katherine
smith

yield : 1 loaf




pressure cooker ships bread

breads

1 1/2 cup water & 2 tsp . salt or
1 cup water & 1/2 c. sea water
1 packet dry yeast or 1 tbls . dry yea ; st
1 tablespoon honey or sugar
4 cup flour ( 2 c. can be whole wheat or o ; ther flour )

some notes on using a pressure cooker for baking : method 1 - uses the
pressure cooker as the loaf pan . grease inside of cooker well and
sprinkle interior with cornmeal . if making sweet breads , omit the
cornmeal . method 2 ~ uses the pressure cooker as an oven . you must
remove the pressure relief plug and rubber seal . the high
temperatures will damage them .

in all cases , a `` flame tamer '' should be used to prevent scorching .
unless specified , water should be lukewarm .

ships bread - method 1

combine water , yeast , and honey and let stand without stirring . when
yeast has dissolved ( about 5 minutes ) , stir and knead in flour . let
dough rise in warm place until doubled in bulk . punch down and turn
into the cooker . allow to rise again until doubled . bake over medium
flame for about 45 minutes . you can turn the loaf over half way thru
the baking to allow for more even browning .

yield : 6 servings




hush puppies with corn

breads

1 cup flour
1 cup cornmeal , yellow
2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup corn , creamed
1/2 cup onion ; chopped
1 egg ; beaten
2 teaspoon bacon dripping
1 oil ; for frying

combine dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl . add corn , onion ,
egg , and bacon dripping ; stir well . carefully drop batter by level
table- spoons into deep hot oil ( 370 f ) ; cook only a few at a time ,
turning once . fry until the hush puppies are golden brown ( 3 to 5
minutes ) . drain well on paper towels .

yield : 30 servings




timbale cases

breads

1/2 cup flour
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon cooking oil
1/2 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar

combine slightly beaten egg , milk , sugar , salt , and cooking oil . sift
flour slowly into the mixture , beating constantly until smooth . set
aside for 1 hour or until free from bubbles . fry on a timbale-iron
which has been heated by immersing in deep , hot fat ( 360 f ) . dip
heated iron into batter . hold iron at an angle until the bottom is
covered , then lower iron into batter until 1/2 inch from top . hold
iron straight and lower into hot fat ( 360 f ) . cook until case is
crisp and brown . remove from fat ; slip case from iron . drain on
crumpled , absorbent paper . if batter slips from iron back into bowl
the iron is not hot enough . if case slips from iron into fat , the fat
is too hot . the household searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




zucchini bread ( crocker 2 )

breads , crockpot

2 2/3 cup sugar
2/3 cup shortening
3 cup shredded zucchini
2/3 cup water
4 eggs
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour*
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground cloves
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup coarsely chopped nuts
2/3 cup raisins

*if using self rising flour , omit baking soda , salt and baking powder .

heat oven to 350f . grease bottoms only of 2 loaf pans , 9 x 5 x 3
inches , or 3 loaf pans , 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2 inches . mix sugar and
shortening in 2 1/2-quart bowl . stir in zucchini , water and eggs . mix
in flour , baking soda , salt , cinnamon , cloves , vanilla and baking
powder ; stir in nuts and raisins . pour into pans . bake until wooden
pick inserted in center comes out clean , 60 to 70 minutes ; cool 5
minutes . loosen sides of loaves from pans ; remove from pans . cool
completely before slicing . 2 or 3 loaves ( 24 slices each ) ; 125
calories per slice .

do-ahead tip : wrap and refrigerate no longer than 10 days .

pumpkin bread : substitute 1 can ( 16 oz ) pumpkin for the zucchini . omit
vanilla . increase baking time to about 1 hour 10 minutes .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 2 loaves




chocolate chip grape nut bread

breads , low fat

1 cup grape nuts
2 cup buttermilk ( low fat 1.5 % )
2 cup sugar
2 eggs or 1/2c egg substitute
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup chocolate chips
1 teaspoon vanilla

soak grape-nuts in buttermilk for 10 minutes . beat sugar and eggs or
substitute together in a large bowl . add milk/grape-nuts mixture and
vanilla . sift flour with salt , soda and powder and stir thoroughly
into the grape-nuts mixture . add chocolate chips and mix well . pour
into 2 non-stick sprayed 9 x 5 loaf pans and bake at 350f for about
45 minutes , or until a toothpick comes out clean . makes 2 loaves , or
about 20 servings .

nutritional info : per serving : 200 calories , 4 gm protein , 42 gm
carbohydrate , 1.5 gm fat , .4 gm fiber , 22 mg cholesterol , 199 mg
sodium .

exchange values : .1 milk ; 2.7 bread , .1 meat , .1 fat .

source : watertown daily times , watertown ny typed in mm format by
linda fields , cyberealm bbs and home of kook-net , watertown , ny
315-786-1120

yield : 2 servings




herbed oatmeal bread

breads , herbs

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/4 cup quick-cooking oats
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
1 large egg
1/4 cup honey*
1 1/2 cup buttermilk or
1 1/2 cup soured milk
1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 teaspoon dried , crumbled herbs**
1 tablespoon unsalted butter ; melted

*heat the honey until it 's liquefied .

**dried herbs such as tarragon , thyme and marjoram .

grease a 9 x 5 '' loaf pan .

in large mixing bowl , combine flours , oats , baking powder and salt .

in a smaller , separate bowl , whisk together egg , honey and buttermilk
until well blended . stir in caraway seeds and herbs .

pour all at once over dry ingredients ; blend together with a wooden
spoon or spatula until evenly combined . pour into prepared pan ; brush
top with melted butter .

bake at 350 f. for 50 minutes , or until toothpick inserted in center
comes out clean . cool slightly in pan , then turn onto a wire rack .
bread freezes well .

to vary , add 1 tb minced , sauteed onion ; chopped , cooked bacon ; or
grated cheddar cheese .

enright suggests serving this bread with lamb stew .

from _nancy enright 's canadian herb cookbook_ by nancy enright .
toronto : james lorimer & company , 1985 . pg . 20 . isbn 0-88862-788-2 .
electronic format by cathy harned .

yield : 1 med . loaf




oatmeal-rye bread

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
2 1/2 cup warm water ( 110'f . )
1 tablespoon sugar
2 cup rye flour
5 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup regular rolled oats
1/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 butter or margarine ( opt )

omar khayyam , whose paradise required only a book of verses , a loaf of
bread , and a jug of wine , might have suffered seriously from
malnutrition ( along with the mysterious thou , who sang beside him ) if
the loaf were the bubble bread we are all familiar with . although
this flabby loaf contains niacin , thiamin , riboflavin , and a rich
assortment of mono- and diglycerides ( ethoxylated and otherwise ) , it
is not especially rich in protien and fiber , two pillars of
contemporary sound diet .

1 . the night before , sprinkle yeast over warm water in a large ( at
least 4-quart ) bowl and let stand for 5 minutes to soften . then add
granulated sugar and rye flour ; beat to blend well . cover bowl
tightly with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature up to a
day ( at least 12 hours ) . stir in 5 1/4 cups all-purpose flour , rolled
oats , brown sugar , and salt .
2 . to knead by hand , scrape dough onto a board lightly coated with
all-purpose flour . knead , adding flour as required to prevent
sticking , until dough is smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . place
dough in a greased bowl , turn over to grease top , and cover with
plastic wrap .
3 . to knead with a dough hook , beat until dough pulls cleanly from
bowl . if dough still feels sticky , beat in flour , 1 tablespoon at a
time ; remove dough hook and cover bowl with plastic wrap .
4 . let dough rise in a warm place until doubled , about 1 hour . punch
down and divide into 3 equal portions . shape each portion into a loaf
and set in a greasd 4x8 '' loaf pan . cover loaves lightly and let rise
in a warm place until doubled in volume , about 1 hour . with a sharp
knife or razor blade , slash top of each loaf in about 3 places ,
making cuts about 1/8 '' deep . brush tops lightly with water .
5 . bake in a 350'f . oven ; after 10 minutes , brush tops lightly with
more water . continue baking until loaves are well browned , about 40
minutes total . for a shiny finish , rub tops of hot loaves with soft
butter . invert onto racks . serve warm or cool . if loaves are made
ahead , cool and package airtight up to a day ; freeze to store longer .
make 3 loaves , each about 1
1/2 pounds.

~ james lee , san mateo ca

yield : 3 servings




peanut butter & banana bread : : : gwhp32a

breads , dak

1 pkg yeast
2 1/2 cup better for bread flour
1/2 cup wheat flour
3 tablespoon gluten
2 tablespoon brown sugar ; packed
1 teaspoon salt
1 each banana ; 6 oz.peeled sliced direct
3/4 cup peanut butter , creamy or chu
1 each egg
1 cup very warm water

add all ingredients into the pan in the order listed . select white
bread anpush `` start . '' childhood 's favorite sandwich auto-baked into a
funtastic bread - for a special treat , spread toasted slices with a
mixture of 1 part chocolate sauce to 2 parts peanut butter . shared by
barb day

yield : 1 servings




havregrynskage ( oat cakes )

breads , denmark

8 tablespoon butter , unsalted
1/4 cup sugar , granulated
2 cup oatmeal , instant
1/4 cup corn syrup , white

melt butter in skillet and stir in sugar . let bubble together 20
seconds , taking care not to let the butter burn . add oatmeal , cook
5-10 minutes , stirring occasionally , until oatmeal is golden brown .
remove from heat and stir in corn syrup .
rinse custard cups or muffin tins with cold water , shake out excess
moisture . pack bottoms and sides with oatmeal mixture , dividing
equally . refrigerate at least 3 hours .
loosen cakes by running a knife around the edges ; gently slide out
and serve with cold buttermilk soup .

yield : 12 cakes




fry bread 2

breads , mexican

4 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup milk

mix all and roll out . cut into pieces and fry in deep fat .

annette johnsen country recipes from friends and family

yield : 1 servings




challah ( braided egg bread )

breads

4 large eggs
1 cup minus 1 tbs oil
1/2 cup minus 1 tbs sugar
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) margarine or butter , ro ; om temperature
2 teaspoon salt
1 pinch of saffron ( optional )
1 cup water or lowfat milk ( 120-130 f )
5 to 5 1/2 cups flour ( 1/2 all-purpos ; e , 1/2 hard wheat
1 white )
2 envelopes dry yeast
1 egg
1 teaspoon water
2 tablespoon sesame or poppy seeds

makes 2 large braids

lightly grease large bowl and baking sheet ; set aside .

combine first 5 ingredients in mixing bowl and beat until thoroughly
blended . dissolve saffron in water or milk and add to mixing bowl .
beat in 2 1/4 cups flour and yeast . continue beatng 2 minutes , then
add additional 2 1/4 cups flour or enough to make soft dough ,
blending thoroughly .

turn out onto lightly floured board and knead until smooth and
elastic , about 8 to 10 minutes . place in greased bowl , turning to
coat entire surface . cover with plastic wrap and hot , damp towel and
let rise in warm place until doubled in volume . punch down and let
rise again until doubled .

beat egg with water . place dough on lightly floured board and divide
in half , then divide each half into 3 equal pieces . roll each into
12-inch rope . lay 3 ropes parallel and begin braiding in the middle ,
working out to each end ( make braids very loose ) . pinch ends together
securely . repeat with remaining ropes . place loaves on baking sheet ,
brush tops with beaten egg and sprinkle with seeds . cover with
plastic wrap and allow to rise until doubled .

preheat oven to 350 f. bake loaves until golden and bread sounds
hollow when tapped , about 35 to 45 minutes . cool on racks .

bon appetit

yield : 2 servings




my apple coffee cake

breads

1 cup butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup sour cream ( light or yogurt )
-- -- topping -- --
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup nuts
4 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
2 apples , peeled & sliced

cream butter and sugar . add eggs and vanilla . add dry ingredients
alternately with sour cream . put half of batter in pan . lay apple
slices on batter and sprinkle 1/2 of topping over them . add remaining
batter and sprinkle topping on it . bake in 350 oven 35-40 minutes .

yield : 6 servings




jane burbank 's hushpuppies ( florida cooking )

breads

1 cup self-rising corn meal- ( preferably ; white stone- ground )
1/2 cup self-rising flour
1/4 cup pancake mix ( see note )
1 pinch salt
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 each egg
1 medium onion , diced
1/2 cup milk , or as needed
1 oil or fish drippings for- frying

hushpuppies are fried in hot drippings left after frying fish ,
picking up some of the fresh fish flavor .

combine the corn meal , flour , pancake mix , salt , sugar , and pepper in
a bowl . beat the egg lightly in a measuring cup , and add the onion
and enough milk to fill to the 1-cup mark . mix the liquids into the
dry mixture well . if not moist throughout , add a tablespoonfull or
two more of milk , blending well .

put any fish drippings you may have in a heavy frying pan and add
enough oil to a depth of 1/4 inch . heat and drop a small amount of
batter into the fat . if it sizzles , the fat is hot enough . make a
test hushpuppy : drop a teaspoonful of batter in ; if it spreads like a
pancake , the batter is too thin , so stir a tablespoonful or two of
corn meal into the uncooked batter . if , after the test hushpuppy has
cooked , it is dense and dry , stir 2 or 3 teasponns of milk into the
batter . when the batter consistency is right , drop the batter from
the tip of a teaspoon into the pan ; cook 6 , 8 , or 10 at a time , being
careful not to let the hushpuppies overlap while frying . cook until
lightly browned , 3 to 4 minutes , turn , and brown the other side ,
about 3 minutes . drain on paper towels and keep hot while frying the
remaining hushpuppies . add more oil to the pan as needed , a little at
a time , to prevent cooking . fat should be kept medium-hot , to brown
hushpuppies . check often so that hushpuppies do not scorch .

note : in florida many like to use self-rising flour and corn meal as
well as pancake mix in hushpuppies and other breads . if you wish ,
substitute all-purpose flour for self-rising and the pancake mix ; use
plain corn meal in place of the self-rising type . then to the dry
ingredients add 1 tablespoon baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt . add
the liquid ingredients , then proceed with the recipe as directed .

from : the florida cookbook , by jeanne voltz and caroline stuart .
typed in by : ronnie wright

yield : 4 servings




cracker tips

breads , crackers

1 each hints and tips

here are a few tips for baking your own crackers : 1 . if you have
cracker dough stored in the freezer , it 's like money
in the bank for spur-of-the-moment entertaining . 2 . baking sheets
lined with parchment paper make easy work of
cleanup . 3 . keep an eye on the oven because baking time may vary
with each
batch , depending on the heat and placement of the sheets . 4 .
crackers store well in airtight containers , but last even better
if frozen . 5 . homemade crackers usually are not as crispy as
commercial
varieties . if they get a little limp hours or days after baking ,
revive them by heating in a 275 degree oven . 6 . to reheat or crisp
crackers , bake on ungreased cookie sheet at 350
degrees for 3-4 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin oatmeal ring

breads , breakfast

-- -- topping -- --
1/2 cup butter or margarine melted
3/4 cup flour
1/2 cup quick oats
1/2 cup pumpkin seeds , shelled
1/4 cup sugar
-- -- cake -- --
3 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/8 teaspoon cloves
2 eggs
16 oz canned pumpkin
1 cup brown sugar , packed
1/2 cup syrup maple , or maple flavor
1/4 cup salad oil
1 cup quick oats

mix topping ingredients until well blended . set aside .

preheat oven to 350~ . grease 10 inch bundt pan . in a large bowl ,
mix flour , nest 5 ingredients , and 1 teaspoon salt .

in a medium bowl , with fork or whisk , beat eggs , pumpkin , brown
sugar , syrup and oil until blended stir pumpkin mixture and oats into
flour mixture just until flour is moistened . ( batter should be lumpy . )

spoon batter into pan . sprinkle topping evenly over batter . bake
about 1 hour and 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center of
cake comes out clean .
if topping starts to brown too quickly , cover loosely with foil
during last 10 minutes of baking . cool in pan on wire rack 10
minutes ; remove from pan . cool completely on rack .

yield : 16 servings




gorgonzola wafers

breads , crackers

1/2 lb blue cheese
8 tablespoon unsalted butter , 750f .
1 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup pine nuts
1/4 teaspoon salt

grease a cookie sheet lightly . cook 's notes : use room temperature
gorgonzola or blue cheese that has been crumbled . do not use a double
or triple creme blue cheese in this recipe . preliminaries : preheat
oven to 375 degrees . lightly grease a baking sheet with butter .
procedure : combine the cheese and butter in a food processor fitted
with the metal blade or an electric mixer ; blend until creamy . add
the flour , pine nuts and salt , processing just to blend . form into
two 1-1/2 inch diameter cylinders and wrap each in plastic wrap or
wax paper . refrigerate until firm , several hours or overnight . slice
the dough into rounds about 1/8 inch thick and place about 2 inches
apart on cold , lightly greased baking sheets . bake in a preheated 375
degree oven until golden brown , about 12 minutes . immediately remove
from the baking sheets and cool on wire racks . presentation : serve
cold . store in airtight containers .

yield : 12 servings




irish herb scones

breads

1/2 lb mealy potatoes
4 tablespoon flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon oil
2 tablespoon chopped parsley
1/2 teaspoon dried dill
1/4 teaspoon savory
1/4 teaspoon marjoram
1/4 teaspoon powdered sage
1 oil for frying

boil or bake the potatoes , then pass through a foodmill . mix the
flour , salt , oil & herbs with the potatoes . on a floured board , roll
this dough to a thickness of about 1/4 inch . cut into triangles 3 or
4 inches wide . fry in very hot oil on both sides until light golden .

vera gewanter , `` a passion for vegetables ''

yield : 4 servings




fry bread 1

breads , mexican

2 1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup half warm water and
1 half milk
1 oil

mix all except oil and set 1/2 hour . knead pieces of dough in hands
until round and thin like a tortilla . fry in hot oil . bread should
puff up and be golden brown .

typed by annette johnsen country recipes from friends and family

yield : 1 servings




devonshire splits

breads

1/2 lb stong white bread flour
1 teaspoon easy-blend yeast
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 oz butter ; melted
1/4 pint milk ; warmed
-- -- to finish -- --
1 icing sugar
1 clotted cream
1 good jam

using a food-processor , a food mixer with a dough hook , or your
hands , mix the dry ingredients , add the warm milk and melted butter
and mix and knead to a smooth elastic dough . cover with lightly oiled
polythene and leave to rise until doubled in size - about 1 hour in a
warm place .

knock back and knead again briefly . divide the dough into eight
and shape into small round buns . space them well apart on a greased
baking tray . cover and set aside to prove ( rise ) until light and
puffy - about 20 minutes .

bake at 425 f ( 220 c ) gas mark 7 for 15-20 minutes until golden
brown . cool , then cut each bun down the middle , from top to bottom
but not all the way through . split open and fill with cream and jam .
be generous , allowing plenty of jam and no less than 1 oz clotted
cream per bun . then dust with icing sugar . makes 8 buns .

source : philippa davenport in `` country living '' ( british ) , march 1989 .
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 8 servings




nut gingerbread

breads

1 1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup molasses
1/4 cup melted butter or butter substitute
1 egg , well beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon brown sugar
1 cup sweet milk
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon ginger
1 teaspoon baking soda
3 tablespoon chopped nuts

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking soda , salt , and ginger .
combine 1 1/2 cups brown sugar , molasses , butter , and eggs . add dry
ingredients alternately with milk to sugar and molasses mixture . beat
until well blended . pour into well-oiled baking pan . sprinkle with
nuts and 1 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar . bake in moderate oven ( 375 f )
about 30 minutes . bertha v. hull , alton , oh .

yield : 6 servings




mom 's popovers

breads , quick bread

1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup flour
1 cup milk
2 large eggs
1 tablespoon butter , melted

preheat oven to 450 degrees f. grease 2 heavy ( cast iron ) muffin
pans and put in oven to get hot .

sift together flour and salt . beat eggs with rotary beater ; add milk
and butter . sift in flour , beating only enough to make a smooth
batter . fill hot , greased muffin pans 1/3 full . bake at 450 degrees
for 30 minutes , then lower temperature to 350 degrees and bake about
15 to 30 minutes , or until firm , brown and `` popped . '' keep oven door
closed while baking !

variations :

* daddy substitutes meat juice from roasts for the milk ( like
yorkshire pudding ) . do n't add salt ; if there is any fat in the
juice , that should go toward the tablespoon of butter .

* for a cheese version , add 1 more egg and 2 t more butter . when
water sizzles on hot pan , pour 1 t batter into each cup and sprinkle
each with 1 teaspoon shredded cheddar ; fill cups with rest of batter
till 3/4 full . ( uses a total of 1/4 c cheese . )

* for a variation with pecans , add 1/3 c , chopped . cook at 475
degrees for 15 minutes , then at 350 degrees for 25 minutes .

* for eggnog popovers , add 1 t dry , instant eggnog , 1 t rum and 1/4 t
nutmeg . ( for only 6 popovers . ) follow cooking instructions for
caraway rye popovers ...

* caraway rye : decrease flour , substitute w/ 1/4 c rye flour . add
1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds . ( for only 6 popovers . ) cook at 400
degrees just till crusts are very firm ; prick with fork to let steam
escape and return to oven ( turned off ) 5-10 minutes to crisp .

yield : 1 batch




wheat sprout bread

breads

2 cup warm water
2 teaspoon malt
2 tablespoon molasses
1 tablespoon yeast
5 cup hard whole wheat flour
1/2 lb ( about 2 c ) wheat sprouts *
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon whey powder ( opt )
3 tablespoon oil
1 1/2 tablespoon soy flour

from the arcata co-op bakery makes 2 1 1/2 lb loaves . nice
chewy-crunchy bread , sweet and nutritious .

* soak wheat berries overnight and sprout in container , rinsing twice
daily , for 2-4 days . they get sweeter the longer they sprout .

mix together water , yeast , sweeteners and two cups of flour . let sit
till bubbly then add remaining ingredients , and knead well , reserving
or adding a little flour to obtain a good elastic texture . let rise
in oiled covered bowl , shape into loaves and let rise again . bake at
350 f for 45 min .

from : `` uprisings : whole grain bakers book '' posted by theresa merkling .

yield : 2 servings




le-rendez-vous provencale flatbread

breads , flatbread , herb bread , restaurant

2 packets instant dry yeast
6 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup buckwheat flour
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 1/2 cup warm water
1 olive oil
1 cornmeal
1 chopped garlic
1 herbes de provence*

1 . blend yeast , all-purpose flour , buckwheat flour , sugar and salt . stir in
water , work into a ball and knead 4 to 5 minutes or until smooth and
elastic . ( check label to see that yeast is the kind that is activated by
warm water . oetkers instant dry yeast was used for testing this recipe . )

2 . place dough in bowl , brush with olive oil , cover and let rise in a warm
place for 40 minutes . punch dough down , form into 2 balls . cover and let
rest for 10 minutes .

3 . form each ball of dough into an oval about 3/4 inch thick . place on
baking sheet dusted with cornmeal . brush with olive oil then sprinkle with
garlic and herbes de provence . let rise 10 minutes .

4 . dimple dough surface with fingertips and bake in a 425f oven for 15 to
20 minutes or until golden brown . cool on wire rack . cut in wedges . serve
the same day or refrigerate and reheat . makes 2 large loaves .

* a mixture of herbs that flourish in the hills of southern france during
the summer months . includes savory , thyme , rosemary , marjoram . from : chef
michael varty
le rendez-vous restaurant & wine cellar
14 prince arthur ave. ,
toronto , canada

source : starweek magazine
toronto star aug 31 94

richard sienkiewicz genie r.sienkiewic

~end recipe export-

yield : 2 loaves




fat-free bran muffins

breads

1 cup wheat bran
1 cup buttermilk , nonfat
1 1/2 cup flour , whole wheat
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup applesauce , unsweetened
3 egg whites
1/3 cup molasses
1 teaspoon vanilla

preheat oven to 375 degrees . soak bran in buttermilk for 10 minuets .
in a large bowl , combine flour , baking poder , and raisins . in a
medium bowl , combine applesauce , egg whites , molasses , and vanilla .
add soaked bran to flour mixture . then add molasses misture . use
rubber spatula to combine for about 15 strokes . do n't overmix . spray
muffin tins with nonfat , nonstick spray . bake 20-25 minutes . serve
warm . store at room temperature up to 1 day .

yield : 12 muffins




rosemary bread

breads

1 1/2 teaspoon yeast
1 cup warm water ( 105-115'f . )
1 teaspoon sugar
3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup chopped fresh rosemary
1 tablespoon cornmeal
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 garlic clove , minced
1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper
1/2 teaspoon rock salt , crushed

sprinkle yeast over warm water in small bowl . stir until dissolved .
stir in sugar . stir in 1/2 cup of flour until smooth . let stand until
mixture begins to bubble .

combine remaining flour and salt . stir in yeast mixture and rosemary .
turn out onto lightly floured surface . knead until smooth and
elastic , about 10 minutes . cover and let rise in lightly oiled bowl
until doubled in size , about 1 hour . punch dough down . roll to 9 ''
circle on lightly floured surface . place on lightly oiled baking
sheet sprinkled with cornmeal .

brush bread with oil mixed with garlic . sprinkle cracked paper and
crushed rock salt over the bread . using 2 fingers , poke holes at even
intervals over top of bread . let stand about 15 minutes . bake at
425'f . 15-20 minutes or until golden brown and loaf sounds hollow
when tapped .

remove to wire rack to cool slightly before serving . makes 8 servings .

each serving contains about : 171 calories ; 2,949 milligrams sodium ; 0
cholesterol ; 1 gram fat ; 35 grams carbohydrates ; 5 grams protein ;
0.22 gram fiber .

note : two tablespoons of parmesan cheese may be sprinkled over bread
before baking instead of rock salt .

yield : 8 servings




whole wheat prune bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup prunes ( 1 oz ) ; chopped
1 tablespoon molasses
1 cup water
1 teaspoon dry yeast

bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except liquids
and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close cover
and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat bake
mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




polka dot quick bread

breads , fruits , cheese , quick bread

2 cup cranberries ; fresh or frozen
1 cup milk
1 each egg ; lg , slightly beaten
1/4 cup butter ; melted
1 tablespoon orange peel ; grated
2 cup unbleached flour
1 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup cheddar ; md , shredded
1/2 cup walnuts ; coarsely chopped

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. then grease a 9 x 5-inch loaf pan ;
set aside . cut the cranberries in half and set aside in a small
bowl . in a medium bowl , combine the milk , egg , butter , and orange
peel and set aside . sift the flour , sugar , baking powder , and salt
into a large bowl . add the halved cranberries , cheese and nuts .
toss with a fork to distribute . add the milk mixture all at once and
stir the flour mixture until just moistened . turn into the prepared
loaf pan and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven or
until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool in
the pan on a rack for 10 minutes , then remove from the pan . cool to
room temperature on the wire rack before slicing .

yield : 4 servings




banana oatmeal muffins

breads , fruits , breakfast

1/4 cup butter or margarine softened
3/4 cup brown suger packed
1 egg beaten
1 cup buttermilk
1 cup rolled oats
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon allspice
2 medium bananas chopped

1 . cream together butter and brown suger . mix in egg and
buttermilk . 2 . mix together oats , flour , baking powder , salt and
allspice .
add to creamed mixture . 3 . stir in bananas . 4 . spoon into greased
or paper lined muffin pan , filling almost full . 5 . bake at 400 to 425
degrees for 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown . per serving calories
162 protein 3.5g fat 5.1g carbohydrates 26.4g sodium 242mg tips : for
variation , add 1 cup chopped fresh peaches in place of the
bananas . or use 1 can chopped mixed fruit .

yield : 12 muffins




limpa

breads , swedish

1 pkg yeast , dry
1 teaspoon sugar , granulated
1/2 cup ; water , warm ( 100 f . )
2 cup beer ; heated to lukewarm
1/2 cup honey ; to 1/2 cup
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cardamom , ground ( opt )
1 tablespoon caraway seeds ; crushed , or
3/4 teaspoon aniseed ; crushed
2 tablespoon orange peel , fresh or candied ; chopped
2 1/2 cup flour , rye
3 cup flour , unbleached

dissolve the yeast and sugar in the water in a large bowl and proof
for five minutes . combine the beer , the honey ( adjust for how sweet
you like your bread ) butter , and salt , and stir well . add to the
yeast mixture . add the spices and orange peel . mix the flours , then
add three cups of this mixture to the liquid and beat briskly . cover
with a tea towel , and let rise in a warm , dark place for about an
hour . stir down and add enough of the remaining flour to make a
pretty stiff but still sticky dough . turn out on a very well-floured
board , and work the dough until it is smooth and elastic . add more
flour to the board as needed . while the dough will not lose its
tackiness completely it will smooth out a lot . shape it into a ball ,
oil the surface , and place in an oiled bowl . cover with the tea towel
again and let rise a second time , about one hour . punch down , shape
into two balls , and put on a greased baking sheet sprinkled with
cornmeal . brush with melted butter , cover loosely with waxed paper ,
and refrigerate for three hours . remove from the fridge and let sit
on the counter , uncovered , for ten to fifteen minutes . bake in a 375
f. oven until the bread sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom ;
about 40 to 45 minutes . cool before slicing .

adapted from *beard on bread*

yield : 2 loaves




honey raisin bran muffins

breads , snacks

1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 cup raisin bran cereal
1 cup milk
1/3 cup honey
1 each egg
3 tablespoon vegetable oil

1 . stir together flour , baking powder and salt . set aside

2 . in large mixing bowl , stir together raisin bran cereal , milk and
honey . let stand 1 to 2 minutes or untl cereal is softened . add egg
and oil beat well .

3 . add flour mixture , stirring only until combined . portion batter
evenly into 12 greased 2-1/2 inch muffin pan cups .

4 . bake at 400 degrees for 18 to 20 minutes or until lightly browned .

5 . serve warm .

from the kitchen of : gary & margie hartford , eugene , or ( 1:152/19 )
taken from kellogg 's raisin bran cereal box ( 1972 ) .

yield : 12 servings




farsangi fank- hungarian plain doughnuts

breads , hungarian

-- -- the art of hungarian cooking -- -
3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
5 egg yolks
1/4 cup milk
1/8 lb sweet butter , melted
2 yeast cakes ( dissolved in 1/4 cup ; warm milk )

sift the flour and salt into bowl , add yeast mixutre , add egg
yolks and melted butter slowly ot flour mixutre . beat with wooden
spoon until smooth and dough falls off the spoon , this dough should
be rather soft . put dough on lightly floured board . roll to 1/2 inch
thickness . cut with round cookie cutter , that has been dipped in
flour . put in warm place to rise until doubled in size . fry in deep
fat until light brown . sprinkle with powdered sugar .
from `` the art of hungarian cooking '' - put out by st. emery 's school
building fund- fairfield ct- 1955
formatted by marge nemeth-gnfk05b

yield : 1 servings




zucchini-lemon muffins ww

breads

2 1/4 cup flour , all-purpose
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon baking powder , double acting
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cup zucchini shredded
3/4 cup egg substitute
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 tablespoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon peel grated

preheat oven to 350f . line 12 2-1/2 '' muffing pans with paper baking
cups ; set aside . in large mixing bowl combine flour , sugar , baking
powder , and baking soda ; set aside . in medium mixing bowl combine
remaining ingredients , stirring to combine ; add to flour mixture and
stir until moistened . fill each baking cup with an equal amount of
batter . bake in center oven rack for 20 minutes or until golden and
toothpick comes out dry . remove from oven to wire rack and let cool .

weight watcher exchanges : 1 fat , 1/4 protein , 1/4 vegetable , 1
bread , 40 optional calories .

per serving : 167 calories , 4 g. protein , 5 g. fat , 27 g .
carbohydrates , 47 mg. calcium , 161 mg. sodium , 0 mg. cholesterol , 1
g. dietary fiber .

calories from fat : 25.6 %

original recipe from weight watchers `` simply light cooking '' .
conversion and additional nutritional analysis by rick weissgerber .

yield : 12 servings




cold oven popovers

breads , breakfast

2 each eggs
1 cup sifted flour
1 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon salt

grease muffin tin . in a medium bowl , beat eggs , then add flour , milk
and salt . mix until wet , with a spoon . fill muffin cups 2/3 full . put
in a cold oven . turn on to heat to 450 degrees . allow to bake for 30
minutes . do not open oven door ! ! turn oven off . allow popovers to
remain in oven for a few minutes longer .

yield : 6 servings




parslied buttermilk biscuits

breads

2 1/2 cup flour ; divided
5 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 cup shortening
4 tablespoon parsley , fresh ; chopped
4 cup buttermilk

preheat oven to 500f . lightly grease a large cookie sheet . sift 1
1/2 cups of the flour and the salt into a large bowl , setting remain-
ing flour aside in a small bowl . cut the shortening into the flour
mixture with a pastry blender or a fork until the mixture resembles
coarse meal ; stir in the chopped parsley . pour in the buttermilk all
at once and stir with a fork until the mixture just holds together .
do not overwork ; the dough should be wet and a little lumpy . flour
hands with reserved flour and pull of a 1/4 cup piece of wet dough .
toss the dough lightly in the bowl of flour to coat ; roll gently into
a smooth ball between palms of hands . the inside of the biscuit will
still be very wwet ; place biscuit carefully on the prepared cookie
sheet . repeat the procedure with the remaining dough , flouring the
hands as necessary and placing the formed biscuits on the cookie
sheet so they just touch.. pat each biscuit gently to flatten
slightly . bake for 8 to 10 minutes until golden brown . makes about 8
biscuits . nutrition information per biscuit :
202 ea 02 calories ; 4 g protein ; 30 g carbohydrates ;
7 ts ; 690 mg sodium ; 1 mg cholesterol

-- redbook magazine ; nov 1990
per fred peters

yield : 4 servings




irish yeast bread mix

breads

-- -- mix -- --
8 cup flour
1 1/2 cup sugar
4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon allspice
2/3 cup instant nonfat milk
1 zest from 1 lemon
-- -- for 1 loaf -- --
4 cup mix
2 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup soft butter
1/2 cup currants
1/2 cup raisins
1 more flour if necessary

to make mix , combine all ingredients in plastic bag except lemon
zest . add zest and shake bag well . seal and set aside until needed .
to make 1 loaf : sprinkle yeast over warm water and let foam for 5
minutes . place 2 cups of well sahken mix into a large bowl with the
milk , butter and yeat mixture and beat with an electric mixer until
well blended . cover bowl and let mixture rise in a warm place for 30
minutes . then place two more cups of mix onto the surface of dough in
bowl . beat until well blended again with mixer or by hand . place a
little flour on work surface and mix in the raisins and currants .
incorporate this into the dough and knead until smooth and elastic ,
adding additional flour to make a fairly stiff but pliable dough .
place dough in a large grerased bowl and turn to coat . cover and let
dough rise double in bulk , about 1 to 2 hours . punch down and knead
into a round loaf . place on baking sheet and allow to rise double in
bulk . bake in a 350 oven until done , about 50 minutes . makes 1 large
loaf .

yield : 2 servings




whole wheat peanut sesame - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup peanut butter ( 2 oz )
2 tablespoon sesame seeds
1 cup water
1 teaspoon dry yeast

timer or bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except
liquids and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close
cover and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat
bake mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




cranberry bread 2

breads

2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 medium orange , juice & rind
1 hot water
1 egg , beaten
1 cup cranberries , halved
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

preheat oven to 350 f. sift dry ingredients together . measure
together orange juice , rind and melted margarine . add enough hot
water to make 1 cup . stir liquid into dry ingredients . add remaining
ingredients .

cut aluminum foil to fit bottom of 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . spray sides
of pan with vegetable pan spray . add batter . bake for 1 hour or until
toothpick inserted into of loaf comes out clean . let stand overnight
for easy slicing .

source : am . diabetes association , family cookbook vol 1 , 1987 shared
but not tested by elizabeth rodier nov 93 .

yield : 18 servings




best nut loaf

breads

3 cup sifted enriched flour
3/4 cup sugar
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg , beaten
1 1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoon salad oil
3/4 cup california walnuts , broken

stir the dry ingredients together . combine egg , milk , and salad oil ;
add to dry ingredients , mixing well . stir in nuts . turn into greased
9 1/2 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan . bake at 350f about an hour . remove from
pan ; cool .

note : i usually put in 1 c nuts . do n't over mix because it wo n't
rise , and becomes a hard brick .

it 's especially good with cream cheese spread on it .

recipe from better homes & gardens approx . early 1960s .

posted by bobbie beers

yield : 1 loaf




pancakes

breads , londontowne

3 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 each egg
4 tablespoon shortening
1 1/4 cup milk

sift dry ingredients together twice . mix with wooden spoon . add egg ,
shortening , and milk to make a smooth batter . makes light , thick
pancakes . mrs. j. howard beard

yield : 4 servings




whole wheat pita bread

breads , quick bread , diabetic , breadmaker

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon honey ; ( needed 4 yeast action
1 cup plus 2 tbs warm water
1 ( 110-115 ) water
2 1/4 cup all-purpose wheat flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt

add yeast and honey to warm water in a medium-size bowl ; let stand
until foamy , about 5 minutes . combine the fours and salt in a large
mixing bowl . pour yeast mixture into center and stir until dough can
be gathered into a ball . knead dough floured board until smooth .
place dough in a large , lighty oiled bowl . cover with a damp towel
and place in a dry , draft-free place until dough had doubled , 1 to 2
hours . punch down dough ; place on lightly floured board . divide
dough into 12 equal pieces . shape into circles and place on nonstick
cookie sheets . allow to rest , covered with damp towel for 30 minutes .
on lightly floured board , roll out each piece of dough to a circle ,
about 5 inches in diameter . place on cookie sheets ; let stand about
30 minutes . bake on middle rack of preheated 500 oven for 5 minutes .
remove pites from cookie sheets and let cool on rack . store in
airtight container in refrigerator . to serve , reheat wrapped in
aluminum foil at 350 for 10 minutes .

food exchanges per serving : 1 1/2 starch exchanges cho : 21g ; pro : 3g ;
fat : 0g ; cal : 99 low-sodium diets : omit salt .

source : the art of cooking for the diabetic by mary abbott hess , r.d. ,
m.s .

brought you and yours via nancy o'brion and her meal master

yield : 12 servings




roquefort biscuits

breads , cheese

1 cup self-raising flour
1/2 cup butter ; well-chilled
2 oz roquefort or other blue-veined chee ; se
2 oz cheddar cheese ; shredded
1/2 cup sesame seeds
1 cucumber slices
1 cherries

sift flour into a bowl . using a pastry blender or 2 knives , cut in
butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . crumble in roquefort
cheese ; sprinkle in cheddar cheese . with your fingers , thoroughly mix
ingredients to form a dough . cover and refrigerate . place sesame
seeds in a dry skillet , stir over medium heat until golden . remove
from heat ; cool . preheat oven to 400 f ( 200 c ) . grease 2 baking
sheets . shape chilled dough into 36 equal balls . toss each ball in
toasted sesame seeds , pressing balls flat to coat well with seeds .
arrange balls on greased baking sheets and press lightly with a fork .
bake 10 minutes or until golden around edges . cool on racks and
store in an airtight container . to serve , arrange on a plate and
garnish with cucumber and cherries . makes 36 .

yield : 36 servings




seed luncheon loaf

breads , irish

1 lb flour
4 oz margarine
2 oz butter
6 oz sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
3 oz candied peel
2 eggs
1 a little milk
1/4 teaspoon salt

sift together flour , baking powder and salt . rub in margarine and
butter , add sugar , seeds and thinly sliced peel . add beaten eggs with
enough milk to make a light dough . place in a well-greased loaf pan
and bake 1 1/2 hours in a moderate oven ( 375f ) .

( from full and plenty , maura laverty )

yield : 6 servings




challah ii~ part 1 of 2

breads , jewish

-- -- dough -- --
1/2 oz yeast ( active ) , dry ( 2 packages )
2 cup water , warm
4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
3 large eggs
3/4 cup vegetable oil ( up to about 1/4 cup ; more , to taste )
9 cup flour , all-purpose ( more if needed )
-- -- glaze -- --
1 large egg
1 sesame or poppy seeds

mix yeast in warm water . let sit 5 minutes . in a large bowl combine
salt , sugar , eggs and oil . add yeast mixture . slowly add flour ,
stirring until not too sticky . when the dough becomes too thick to
stir , turn it out onto a floured board and knead , adding flour as
necessary . scrape the working surface with a plastic dough spatula
from time to time , to keep a dry skin from forming on it . you may
find that you need more flour , but do n't add too much more , or the
dough will become heavy . knead until the dough is smooth and elastic
( about 10 minutes ) .

form dough into a ball and place in a lightly oiled large bowl ,
turning to coat the dough with oil . a ceramic bowl is best . cover
the bowl with a clean cloth and leave in a warm , draft-free place to
rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until doubled in bulk . after the dough has
risen , punch it down and divide it into 6 balls . let the dough balls
sit for 5 minutes , covered .

keeping dough balls covered while working , remove a ball and roll it
between your hands ( or on working surface ) into a cord about 1 inch
wide by about 20 inches long . the dough is quite elastic , making it
nicely workable , yet also tending to make it shrink back slightly
after being lengthened . i find it best to lengthen it in a series of
passes . form 3 cords this way , and then start from the middle and
braid them into a single loaf . tuck the ends under . it 's a little
harder to figure out how to start braiding from the middle , but the
loaves come out more even and attractive that way . do n't pull the
cords while braiding . place the loaf on a lightly oiled baking sheet ,
and cover it with a cloth while you form the other loaf . keep the
loaves well apart on the baking sheet , since they will expand a lot .
cover the loaves and place again into a warm , draft-free place to
rise for 45-60 minutes .

after the loaves have risen , gently brush the tops with beaten egg
using a soft brush , and then sprinkle with the seeds . bake at 350
degrees f. for 30 minutes , or until golden brown .

: continued in part 2

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




oregon hazelnut pancakes

breads , breakfast

3 cup buttermilk pancake mix
1/4 lb oregon hazelnuts , chopped
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 water as needed

in a food processor or blender , grind hazelnuts into a meal ( some
small chunks are fine ) . mix nuts with 1 cup water and seasonings . add
to mix with more water ( approximately 1-1/2 cups ) to proper
consistency . cook on griddle .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 1 recipe




popping fresh barbecue cups

breads , cheese/eggs , meats

3/4 lb ground beef ; lean
1 tablespoon onion ; minced
2 tablespoon brown sugar
12 biscuits ; *
1/2 cup barbecue sauce ; **
3/4 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded

* use 1 8-oz tube of store bought biscuits , or your favorite 12
biscuit ** use store bought sauce or your favorite recipe .

in a skillet brown the ground beef and then drain
off the excess fat . add the bbq sauce , onion and brown sugar and set
aside . separate the biscuit dough into 12 pieces and place one in
each of 12 ungreased muffin cups , pressing the dough up the sides to
the edge of the cup . spoon the mixture into the cups and sprinkle
with the shredded cheddar cheese . bake in a preheated 400 degrees f .
oven for 12 minutes . serve hot . variations : use 1 13-oz can of chili
beans in place of the meat mixture ( or 1 13-oz can of baked beans ,
and frankfurters or hot dogs that have been cut into pieces ) in place
of the meat mixture . you can also add green bell pepper or a hot
pepper to the above recipe with good results .

yield : 6 servings




bavarian bread dumplings

breads

10 to 12 slices stale bread
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup lukewarm milk
3 slice bacon , diced
1 small onion , chopped
1 tablespoon minced parsley
1 teaspoon marjoram
2 eggs
1 breadcrumbs if needed

cut bread or rolls , with crusts , into small pieces , put in a bowl and
sprinkle with salt . pour lukewarm milk over bread and let soak for an
hour . if there is excess milk in bowl at that time , pour it off . fry
bacon in skillet with chopped onion until bacon is almost crisp and
onion is soft and golden . toss in parsley and marjoram and saute 3 or
4 minutes . add bacon , onion and herbs to bread mixture . mix eggs in
thoroughly . if dumpling batter is to soft to form , add breadcrumbs , a
tablespoon at a time , until batter is firm enough . with wet hands or
two wet tablespoons , form a test dumpling . drop into boiling salted
water and simmer , partially covered for 20 minutes .

10 to 12 dumplings

from `` the german cookbook by mimi sheraton '' submitted by rhommel
< rhommel @ ix.netcom.com > on fri , 24 nov 1995 164521 ~0500

yield : 4 servings




naan 2

breads , indian

1 1/2 cup flour , unbleached
1/2 cup flour , whole wheat
4 egg
1 cup cream , heavy
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 ghi

mix flours , eggs , cream , salt , baking powder , and soda to make a soft
dough ( like pizza ) , and knead 10-15 minutes . add 2 ounces of oil or
melted butter and knead again for 5-8 minutes . form into a ball ,
cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until double in
size . when the dough is ready , a finger pressed in the dough will
make an impression . this will take from 1-2 hours , depending on
temperature and humidity .

divide the dough into 8-10 balls . dipping your fingers into the bowl
of oil or butter , lightly pat each ball to coat with fat . cover again
with a damp cloth and let rest for 15 minutes . meanwhile , preheat the
oven to 450 degrees .

wet your palms with oil or butter and pat each ball into a flat
circle , making the circle thinner in the center and a tiny bit
thicker at the edge . pull one side to make the circle into a teardrop
shape . each nan should be about the size of your hand .

place the naan on a cookie sheet and brush the tops with oil or
butter . bake 10-12 minutes until the nan become puffy . to make them a
perfect golden color , place the baked nan under a broiler for a
minute or two . serve at once .
-- - the bombay palace cookbook
stendhal
per ellen cleary submitted by
femina @ delphi.com on mon , 20 feb 1995 164024 gmt

yield : 10 servings




freezer bread dough

breads

2 1/2 cup unbleached flour
2 pkg dry yeast
2 cup skim milk
3 tablespoon margarine -- melted
1/3 cup granulated sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 egg whites -- whipped
5 1/2 cup unbleached flour

in a mixing bowl , combine 2 1/2 cups flour and yeast . in a saucepan ,
heat milk , margarine , sugar , and salt just until warm ( 115 to 120
degrees ) , stirring constantly until margarine almost melts . add
liquid to dry ingredients in mixing bowl along with egg whites . beat
at low speed for 1/2 minute , scraping sides of bowl constantly . beat
3 minutes at high speed . stir in remaining flour as you can mix in
with a spoon . turn out onto a lightly floured surface . knead in
enough flour to make a stiff dough that is smooth and elastic ( 6 to 8
minutes total ) . divide dough into thirds . shape each of 2 portions
into loaves . store in freezer container with a double thickness of
waxed paper between . divide remaining dough into 16 balls . arrange
balls 1 '' apart in a freezer container .

recipe by : homemade is better

from : adamsfmle @ aol.com date : fri , 12 jul 1996 23:38:41
~0400

yield : 76 servings




sourdough starter # 16

breads

2 cup flour
2 cup water
1 yeast
1/4 cup sugar
1 cup milk
1 cup flour

sourdough starter combine flour , yeast and water . let stand in a warm
place at least 12 hours . add : sugar , milk , and flour . mix
thouroughly . set in refridgerator until ready to use in recipe . after
taking batter for use in recipes `` feed '' the remaining batter with the
same amounts of sugar , milk , and flour stated above .

yield : 4 servings




primary sourdough batter b

breads , sourdough

1 cup sourdough starter
1 1/2 cup white flour
1 cup ; warm water

remove sourdough starter from refrigerator & stir it well . take out 1
cup & place it in warm bowl of 4 qt or larger capacity . return
remaining starter to fridge . add warm water & stir until well mixed .
slowly add flour stirring continually to blend flour in well . stir
4-5 mins or until mixture is smooth & lump free . cover bowl w/plastic
wrap & place in warm , draft free area 12 hrs for proofing . during
proofing period there is a chance that a crust will form on top of
batter . if this happens just stir it back down in batter , the same
w/any liquid which might form . at end of proofing period stir batter
thoroughly . take out 1 cup & put it into starter container . stir
starter thoroughly & return it to fridge .

yield : 1 1/2 c primary batter b for baking , 1 c batter for starter

from adventures in san francisco , charles d. wilford , gold rush
soudough co , sf , ca , 1971 . isbn 0-912936-00-2 typed by deidre
ganopole

yield : 2 cups




cardamom coffee cakes

breads , christmas

1 1/2 cup milk
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup butter
egg yolks -- -- -- -- -topping -- -- -- -- -
6 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg cake yeast
6 1/4 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cardamom
2 tablespoon milk

1 . scald milk and cool to lukewarm . crumble yeast into bowl , add 1
tsp sugar and lukewarm milk . 2 . beat in 3 cups flour ; beat until
smooth . cover well and let rise until light and double in bulk , 1 -
1-1/2 hours . 3 . add soft butter , remaining sugar , salt , egg yolks ,
cardamom and 3 cups flour . mix thoroughly . place remaining 1/4 cup
flour on board or pastry cloth for kneading . 4 . turn out dough and
knead until smooth and elastic . place in greased bowl . cover well .
set aside to rise until double in bulk , 1 to 1-1/2 hours . 5 . cut
risen dough in half for two cofee cakes ( braids ) . cut each half into
3 pieces . roll each piece into a roll 16 inches long . pinch 3 rolls
together at one end , braid and pinch other ends together . place braid
on cookie sheet . make second braid and place on cookie sheet . 6 . let
braids rise until double in bulk , about 45 minutes . for topping brush
each braid with 1 tbsp milk and sprinkle with 3 tbsp sugar . 7 . bake
in moderate oven ( 375 ) 25 to 30 minutes . yield : 2 coffee cakes

yield : 2 servings




crouton

breads

1 day old bread

cut bread into small squares - any size will do . spread in a baking
pan and add your favorite herbs and spices . bake at 200 to 225 for up
to 2 hours . after every 30 minutes , give them a stir and poke with a
fork to see whether they are done to your liking . they will turn a
golden brown and taste yummy . low fat - low calorie - and delicious .
what more could we ask for ? regards , ^^ gaye in bellevue , wa ^^
10/09 04:59 pm from : gaye levy ( dtxt63a )

yield : 8 servings




banana wheat-germ bread

breads

1 cup whole-wheat flour
1/2 cup unbleached white flour
1/3 cup wheat germ
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup unsalted margarine , softened
3/4 cup light brown sugar , firm pack
1 egg
1 1/4 cup mashed ripe banana*
1/4 cup plain yogurt

* - about 3 large

1 . preheat oven to 350'f . coat inside of 9x5 '' loaf pan with nonstick
vegetable-oil cooking spray . stir together whole-wheat flour , white
flour , wheat germ , baking soda and salt in small bowl until well
mixed .

2 . beat together margarine and sugar in medium-size bowl until light
and fluffy . beat in egg . stir together banana and yogurt in another
bowl until well blended . mix the banana mixture alternately with the
flour mixture , in batches , into the margarine mixture ; stir just
until combined . spread the batter in the prepared pan .

3 . bake in preheated 350'f . oven 60-65 minutes or until wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean .

4 . cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes . remove bread from pan to wire
rack to cool to room temperature .

yield : 16 servings




apple bread

breads , desserts , fruits

4 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 cup sugar
4 eggs ; beaten
1 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup sour cream
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup chopped apples
1 cup chopped nuts

preheat oven to 350 deg f .

sift together flour , baking soda , cinnamon and salt and set aside .
combine sugar , eggs , oil , sour cream and vanilla , beating well . blend
into flour mixture . fold in apples and nuts and pour into 2 greased
and floured loaf pans .

bake 1 hour or until loaves test done .

makes 2 loaves .

yield : 12 servings




chinese steamed pork buns - 1

breads , meats , chinese

2 tablespoon hoi sin sauce
1 1/2 tablespoon oyster sauce
1 1/2 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon sesame oil
8 oz barbecued pork
4 green onions
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon grated pared fresh ginger
1 clove garlic , crushed
1 1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon cornstarch
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup vegetable shortening or lard
1 teaspoon white vinegar
1 water
2 whole pork tenderloins ,
1 about 12 ounces
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoon dry red wine
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon honey
2 teaspoon red food coloring ,
1 if desired
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 clove garlic , crushed
1 green onion

note : these buns are cooked in bamboo steamers which are available in
chinese and specialty gourmet cookware stores . the round steamers can
be pruchased in various sizes separately or in sets of two of three
tiers . for cooking , the covered steamer ( s ) is ( are ) placed over
boiling water in a wok or large saucepan . the above is quoted
directly from a section connected to the recipe . this is my own
note . i do not like the flavor that a bamboo steamer imparts to
recipes ; therefore , i bought an aluminum chinese steamer .
1 . combine hoi sin sauce , oyster sauce , soy sauce and sesame oil .
chop pork and onions finely .
2 . heat vegetable oil in wok or fry pan over high heat . stir-fry
ginger and garlic in the oil 1 minute . stir in hoi sin mixture . cook
and stir two minutes . combine 1/2 cup of the water and the constarch .
blend into hoi sin mixture . cook and stir until liquid boils . reduce
heat to medium and simmer 2 minutes . stir in pork and onions . remove
from heat . cool completely .
3 . combine flour , baking powder and salt in large bowl . cut or rub in
shortenilng until mixture resembles bread crumbs . combine remaining
3/4 cup of the water and the vinegar . mix water-vinegar into flour
until dough sticks together . shape dough into ball . knead on lightly
floured surface 6 or 8 times . cover with plastic wrap and let stand
20 minutes .
uncover and knead 4 or 5 more times . divide dough into 12 equal
portions .
shape each portions into a smooth ball .
4 . roll each ball of dough on lightly floured surface into a circle
5 to 6 inches in diameter . brush around edges lightly with water .
spoon a heaping tablespoon of pork mixture onto center of each
circle . carefully pinch edges together to seal dough around filling .
bring the two ends of dough over the seam and pinch together .
5 . cut waxed paper into twelve 5-inch squares . brush one side of
paper lightly with oil . place a bun , seam side down , on each square .
6.place buns with paper in single layer on steamer rack over boiling
water . cover and steam buns until done about 20 minutes . yield : 1
dozen barbecued pork : 1 . remove and discard fat from meat .
2 . combine soy sauce , wine , sugar , honey , food coloring , cinnamon ,
garlic and onion in large bowl . add pork , turning tenderloins to coat
completely . cover and let stand at room temperature 1 hour or
refrigerate overnight , turning occasionaly .
3 . drain pork , reserve marinade . place pork on wire rack over
baking pan .
4 . bake in preheated 350 degree f. oven until done , about 45 minutes .
turn and baste frequently during baking .
5 . remove pork from oven . cool . cut into diagonal slices .
source : chinese cooking class cookbook by the editors of comsumer
guide

yield : 12 servings




pecan whole wheat bread

breads

2 tablespoon yeast
2 1/2 cup warm milk ( 105-115 deg f )
1/3 cup molasses
3 tablespoon walnut or vegetable oil
2 teaspoon salt
2 cup toasted pecans , broken into large p ; ieces
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup rye flour ( or an additional 1 cup w ; hole wheat )
3 cup to 4 cups bread or all- purpose flo ; ur

proof yeast in warm milk in large bowl . add molasses , oil , salt , and
pecan pieces , whole wheat and rye flour . mix together . add bread
flour , 1/2 cup at a time and mix until dough is stiff . remove dough
from bowl onto well-floured surface and gradually knead in enough
remaining flour to make a soft dough . place dough in lightly oiled
bowl , flour and let rise until double . punch down and divide in half .
form each half into a loaf and place in bread pans ( 9x5inch or 8x4
inch ) let rise until doubled . bake in preheated 350-degree oven for
35 minutes . remove from pans . continue to bake until loaf sounds
hollow when tapped on bottom . let cool on rack before cutting . may
need to cover tops with aluminum foil in final 10-15minutes of baking
if getting too brown on top .

yield : 2 loaves




hot cross buns ( satterly )

breads

2 tablespoon dry yeast
3/4 cup warm water
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup white sugar
2 tablespoon white vinegar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3 1/2 cup white flour
1/2 cup flour for kneading
2/3 cup currants

combine yeast with water in a mixing bowl . combine the rest of the
ingredients except the currants & flour . mix well . add 1 1/2 c flour
& mix . stir in currants . mix in the remaining 2 c of flour . remove
from bowl & knead , adding more flour as necessary . knead for a few
minutes until the dough is pliable . return to mixing bowl , cover with
a damp cloth & set aside until it has doubled .

punch dough down , turn out onto a floured board , cover & let rest for
10 minutes . divide the dough into 18 pieces . roll into a ball &
place on a greased baking sheet 1 1/2 inches apart . flatten slightly .
if you wish , using a sharp knife , cut out a cross in the top of each
bun . cover with a damp cloth & let rise till doubled .

heat oven to 375f . lightly brush the top of each bun with vegetable
oil & bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden . cool on wire racks .

posted by mark satterly in intercook

yield : 1 servings




upside-down orange biscuits

breads , breakfast

1 am multigrain biscuit mix - ( one re ; cipe )
2 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup maple syrup
3 tablespoon orange juice
1 teaspoon grated rind

combine last four ingredients ; mix well . pour about 1 1/2 tablespoons
orange mixture into each well oiled cup of a 6-cup muffin pan . make
one recipe biscuits according to instructions on bag . place one
biscuit in each muffin cup . bake at 400 degrees f. about 10 minutes .
invert pan on plate . serve warm .

source : arrowhead mills `` the natural way to start your day '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 6 servings




ultimate chocolate chip cookies & variations

biscuits , chocolate , grains

3/4 cup butter flavor crisco
1 1/4 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
2 tablespoon milk
1 tablespoon vanilla
1 egg
1 3/4 cup flour , all purpose
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup chocolate chips , semi-sweet
1 cup pecan pieces , large *


* note : if nuts are omitted , use 1 1/2 cups semi-sweet chocolate
chips .

1 . heat oven to 375 f .

2 . cream butter flavor crisco , brown sugar , milk and vanilla in large
bowl . blend until creamy . blend in egg .

3 . combine flour , salt and baking soda . add to creamed mixture ,
gradually . stir in chocolate chips and nuts .

4 . drop rounded tablespoonfuls ( about 2 measuring tablespoons ) of
dough 3 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet .

5 . bake at 375 for 8 to 10 minutes for chewy cookies ( they will look
light and moist - do not overbake ) , 11 to 13 minutes for crisp
cookies . cool on baking sheet for 2 minutes . remove to cooling rack .

makes 3 dozen 3 inch cookies .

variations for ultimate chocolate chip cookies 1 . drizzle melt 1 cup
semi-sweet or white melting chocolate with 1 teaspoon butter flavor
crisco over very low heat or at 50 % power in microwave . stir well . if
too thick to drizzle , add a little more butter flavor crisco to thin .
drizzle from end of spoon back and forth over cookie . sprinkle with
nuts before chocolate hardens , if desired .

to harden chocolate quickly , place cookies in refrigerator for a few
minutes .

2 . chocolate dipped melt 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips or 1 cup
white melting chocolate cut in pieces with 1 teaspoon butter flavor
crisco over very low heat or at 50 % power in microwave . stir well .
spoon into a cup . dip one end of cooled cookie in chocolate . sprinkle
with finely chopped nuts before chocolate hardens . place on wax paper .

3 . holiday dress-ups frost cookies with creamy vanilla frosting .
decorate with red and green candy coated chocolate pieces ( m & ms ) .

creamy vanilla frosting combine 1/2 cup butter flavor crisco , 1 pound
( 4 cups ) confectioners sugar , 1/3 cup milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla
in medium bowl at low speed of electric mixer until well blended .
scrape bowl . beat at high speed for 2 minutes , or until smooth and
creamy . frost cooled cookies .

source : butter flavor crisco cookie collection , page 30 . shared by :
david knight

yield : 36 cookies

preparation time : 20 mi




chocolate chunky mighty muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1 cup bran cereal flakes
1 cup rolled oats
1 1/2 cup brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
6 tablespoon buttermilk powder
1 1/4 cup water
1 each egg
4 cup butter ; or marg , melted this must
1 cup chocolate chunks
1 cup chopped nuts

mix dry and wet ingreds separately . combine -- will be lumpy . stir in
chunks and nuts .

bake in lined muffin cups 25-30 mins , until toothpick test passes , and
mufins are browned .

yield : 1 servings




flour tortilla

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon lard ( yes , lard . shortening does n't ; work as well )
1/2 cup warm milk
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt

flour tortilla

mix all the dry ingredients and sift .

mix in lard .

add warm ( not hot ) milk gradually , knead til smooth .

cut into pieces .

roll out paper thin into round shape .

cook on hot griddle until lightly browned and `` spotted '' .

yield : 6 servings




corn bread topping

breads

3/4 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup flour , all-purpose
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1 egg
1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoon vegetable oil

1 . sift dry ingredients together.
2 . blend in egg , milk and oil.

yield : 8 servings




biscuits supreme

biscuits

2 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
2/3 cup milk

preheat oven to 450 degrees f. stir together the flour , baking powder ,
sugar , cream of tartar and salt . cut in the shortening until the mixture
resembles coarse crumbs .

make a well in the center . pour in the milk all at once . stir just until
dough clings together ; no more .

knead gently on a lightly floured surface for 10-12 strokes . roll or pat
to about 1/2-inch thickness . cut with a ( about ) 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter ,
dipping the cutter into flour before each cut .

transfer to an ungreased baking sheet . bake in a 450 degrees f oven for
10-12 minutes , or until golden .

lots of cookbooks tell you to use two knives , or some such , to do the
cutting-in of the first step . forks work fine for me ( i 'm a klutz . )

all of the trick to making light , fluffy biscuits is in how you handle
them : the less , the better . you can make these as drop biscuits ( skip the
rolling ; drop batter by tablespoons , and bake ) ; they 're even better for the
lack of handling .

outside north america you might not know what shortening is . use butter ,
margarine , copha or lard . vegetable shortening really is better for this
recipe , but do n't forget lots of butter to put *on* them ... . i make these
for study breaks . they disappear at an exponential rate ... .

notes :

* simple , fluffy biscuits -- this originated in `` the better homes and
gardens cookbook , '' which i consider basic equipment for genteel
middle-class living . here `` biscuits '' is the north american meaning of the
word and not the commonwealth meaning of the word . in england these would
be called `` scones . '' yield : makes 10-12 .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : 10 minutes preparation , 10 minutes baking .
: precision : measure the ingredients .

: jean marie diaz
: massachusetts institute of technology , cambridge , mass. , usa
: ambar @ athena.mit.edu

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 12 scones




parmesan chive pizzelles

breads , side dish

3 single eggs , lg
1/2 cup butter or margerine , melted
1 cup flour , all-purpose
1/4 cup cheese , parmesan , grated
2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon chives , finely snipped
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper , ground , red

in medium bowl , beat eggs with butter until blended . stir in remaining
ingredients until blended . with pizzell iron , use batter to make
pizzelles according to manufacturer 's instructions . make pizzelles up
to 1 week ahead of serving ; 1/2 hour before serving , preheat oven to
250 degree . wrap pizzelles in aluminum foil ; heat in oven until warm .

yield : 4 servings




bran muffin mix

breads , cakes

1 cup unprocessed coarse bran
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar ( or more to taste )
2 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt

whisk all ingredients together in lge . bowl -- mix thoroughly . measure
2 cups into each of 2 plastic bags . divide any remaining mix equally .

this mix does not produce a sweet cake-like muffin . rather full
bodied and textured . this produces nice contrast when heaped with
orange marmalade .

however , feel free to adjust sugar to taste . these recipes are meant
to serve only as guidelines . tinker with them to your hearts '
delight . they are all `` cook-friendly '' , for the exception of any yeast
raised mixes , which must be handled like one would approach a prima
donna : with respect . yeast breads are quite tempermental .

yield : 1 servings




sourdough starter # 13

breads

1 cup milk
1 cup unbleached flour

let milk stand for a day or so in an uncovered container at room
temperature . add flour to milk and let stand for another couple of
days . when it starts working well and smells right , it is ready to
use . note : all containers for starters not using yeast , must be
carefully scalded before use . if you are carless or do not scald
them the starter will fail .

yield : 1 servings




lavender shortbread

breads , cookies , flowers , lavender

1 1/2 cup butter ( 3 sticks ) *
1 ; room temperature
2/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon lavender florets , chopped
1 tablespoon fresh mint , chopped
2 1/3 cup flour
1/2 cup cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt

garnish lavender powdered sugar**

*no substitutes .

**to make lavender powdered sugar , put a few lavender flowers in a
sealed , pint jar of powdered sugar for a day before using sugar .

preheat oven to 325 f. cover two baking sheets with parchment or
brown paper .

in a large bowl with an electric mixer , cream together the butter ,
sugar , lavender and mint ; mix until light and fluffy , about 3
minutes . add flour , cornstarch and salt ; beat until combined . divide
dough in half . flatten into squares and wrap in plastic . chill until
firm .

on a floured board , roll or pat out each square to a thickness of
3/8 '' . cut the dough into 1 1/2 '' squares or rounds . transfer to baking
sheets , spacing cookies about 1 '' apart . prick each cookie several
times with the tines of a fork .

bake 20 to 25 minutes until pale golden ( do not brown ) . cool
slightly , then transfer to a rack . sprinkle with lavender powdered
sugar . store in tin cookie boxes or sealed containers .

yield : about 4 dozen .

shepherd writes : `` a lovely rich shortbread with a hint of sweet
lavender fragrance and flavor . perfect to serve with tea in the
afternoon . ''

from 1994 `` shepherd 's garden seeds catalog , '' pg . 61 .

yield : 48 servings




pretzels hard & soft

appetizers , breads

1 pkg yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
4 cup flour
1 large egg , beaten
1 cource salt

soft pretzels : dissolve yeast in water , add salt and sugar . blend in
all the flour and knead until smooth . when smooth , cut dough into
small pieces and roll into ropes . twist ropes into conventional
pretzel shapes and place on a paper lined cokkie sheet . brush
pretzels with beaten egg , sprinkle with cource salt . bake in a 425
degree oven for 12-15 minutes , or until brown . these do not keep
long . hard pretzels : do everthing above , but decrease water to 1-1/4
cups . and add 1/4 cup of melted butter . make pretzels smaller , and
bake until browned . these pretzels will stay good for months in a
tight container .

yield : 8 servings




mom 's shortcake

breads , desserts , quick bread

3 cup flour
2/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup shortening
1/2 cup milk ( more as needed )
1 butter , melted
1 strawberries , for serving

mix flour , sugar , salt and baking powder . cut in `` 1 cup shortening
or so '' until texture is like 1/2 cornmeal , 1/2 pea . add milk
gradually till well-moistened ( might need more , up to 3/4 cup ,
depending on humidity ) . gather into a ball ( will look like not enough
liquid ) ; loose flour will disappear into it .

pat about 3/4 '' thick onto wax paper sprayed with pam . drizzle top with
melted butter ; spread over dough . fold dough in half cross-ways ; cut
into diamonds and place cakes on greased , foil-lined baking pan or
cookie sheet . bake at 450 degrees f. about 15 to 20 minutes ; yields
approximately 1 dozen .

serve with butter and/or sliced strawberries ( with sugar added ) and
whipped cream .

yield : 1 batch




autumn quick bread

breads

-- -- quick bread base -- --
1 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs , beaten
-- -- pumpkin -- --
1 cup canned pumpkin
2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/3 cup nuts ( optional )
1/3 cup raisins ( optional )
-- -- applesauce -- --
1 cup applesauce
1 tablespoon molasses
1 teaspoon cinnamon
-- -- banana -- --
3 ripe bananas , mashed
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ginger
-- -- peanut butter banana -- --
2 ripe bananas , mashed
1/2 cup peanut butter
-- -- cranberry -- --
1 cup cranberries , chopped
1 tablespoon orange juice concentrate

preheat oven to 325 . gather the ingredients for the quick bread base
and one of the variations . coat 4 small loaf pans with vegetable
cooking spray . combine dry ingredients ; blend well and set aside .
combine wet ingredients ; blend well . mix together wet and dry
ingredients . do not overmix . distribute batter among the 4 pans , and
bake for 30 to 40 minutes .

source : lisa clarke

yield : 4 sm loaves




sourdough starter # 2

breads

2 cup unbleached flour
1 single water to make thick batter

mix flour and water to make a thick batter . let stand uncovered for
four or five days , or until it begins working . this basic recipe
requires a carefully scalded container .

yield : 1 servings




parmesan biscuits

breads , cheese , pillsbury

1 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon celery seed
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening
1/4 cup cheese , parmesan
1 egg , unbeaten
1/3 cup milk
1 cheese , parmesan
1 celery seed

sift together flour , baking powder , celery seed and salt . cut in
shortening and parmesan cheese until particles are fine . combine egg
with milk . add to dry ingredients ; stir until dough clings together .
knead on floured surface 10 times . roll out to 1/2-inch thickness .
cut into rounds with floured 2-inch cutter ; place on cookie sheet .
bake at 425 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes until golden brown .

yield : 6 servings




sourdough starter # 6

breads

1 cup milk
1 cup unbleached flour

let milk stand for a day or so in an uncovered container at room
temperature . add flour to milk and let stand for another couple of
days . when it starts working well and smells right , it is ready to
use . note :
all containers for starters not using yeast , must be carefully scalded
before use . if you are carless or do not scald them the starter will
fail .

yield : 1 servings




washington 's birthday cherry walnut bread

breads

1 egg , at room temperature
4 oz maraschino cherries , cut into quart ; ers
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon butter , melted
1/4 cup each cherry juice , orange juice , an ; d water
2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup chopped walnuts

this loaf is best if you wait for a day before serving it .

in a bowl , beat the egg , add the cherries , and stir in the sugar and
melted butter . pour in the cherry and orange juices and water . sift
the dry ingredients together , then add them to the liquid mixture a
spoonful at a time , blending thoroughly . stir in the chopped nuts .
pour the batter into a medium loaf pan . bake in a preheated 350 f
oven for 1-1/4 hours , or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the
loaf comes out clean and dry . let the bread rest for 10 minutes
before removing to a wire rack to cool . makes 1 loaf .

origin : hearth and home companion shared by : sharon stevens .

yield : 1 servings




puris

breads , spicy

1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
2/3 cup water
1 tablespoon melted butter or ghee
2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 ghee or oil for deep frying

yield : 16 puris cooking time : 40 minutes

place the flours in a bowl , add enough of the water to make a soft
pliable dough . add the melted butter , knead until smooth . cover the
bowl with a damp cloth , leave in a warm place for one hour . divide
into 16 pieces and , using a little oil on the hands , shape into
balls . grease the rolling pin and board with oil , roll each ball into
a thin pancake . heat the ghee until smoking hot , place a puri in the
frying pan . turn immediately and press with a fish slice ( slotted
spatula or pancake turner ) until the puri puffs up . cook until
golden . drain on absorbent paper , serve as soon as possible .

from how to make good curries by helen lawson copyright 1973

yield : 6 servings




russian black bread # 2

breads , russian

3 1/2 cup cups all-purpose ; to 4 cups flour
4 cup rye flour
2 cup whole bran cereal
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 tablespoon instant coffee
2 tablespoon caraway seed
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon fennel seed ; crushed
2 1/2 cup water
1/2 cup molasses
1/4 cup butter ; or margarine
1 square ; ( 1 ounce ) unsweetened cho
2 tablespoon vinegar cold water
1 tablespoon cornstarch

in large mixer bowl combine 3 cups of the all-purpose flour , 1 cup of
the rye flour , the whole bran cereal , the yeast , coffee crystals ,
caraway seed , sugar salt , and fennel seed . in saucepan heat together
the 2 1/2 cups water , molasses , butter or margarine , chocolate , and
vinegar just till warm ( 115 to 120 deg.f ) and chocolate and butter
are almost melted ; stir constantly . add molasses mixture to flour
mixture in mixer bowl . beat at low speed of electric mixer 1/2
minute , scraping bowl . beat 3 minutes at high speed . stir in
remaining 3 cups rye flour and as much of the remaining all-purpose
flour as you can mix in with a spoon . turn out onto lightly floured
surface . knead in enough of the remaining all-purpose flour to make
a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic ( 6 to 8 minutes
total ) . ( dough may be slightly sticky because of the rye flour . )
shape into a ball . place in lightly greased bowl ; turn once to grease
surface . cover ; let rise in warm place till nearly double ( 1 1/4 to 1
1/2 hours ) . punch down ; divide in half . shape each half into a ball .
place on greased baking sheets . flatten slightly with palm of hand to
6-to 7-inch diameter . cover ; let rise till nearly double ( 30 to 45
minutes ) . bake in 375 deg . oven for 50 to 60 minutes or till well
browned and bread sounds hollow when tapped . remove from baking
sheets ; cool on wire rack . meanwhile , in small saucepan combine the
1/2 cup cold water and cornstarch . cook and stir till thickened and
bubbly ; cook 1 minute more . brush over hot bread . makes 2 loaves .

from the cookie-lady 's files

yield : 1 servings




grape bread ( mustaceus )

breads

4 cup unbleached , all-purpose
1 flour
1/2 cup lard , shortening , or butter
1 melted and cooled
1/4 cup feta cheese , crumbled and
1 mashed into a paste
1 teaspoon cumin seed , ground
1 teaspoon anise , ground
1 1/2 cup grape juice , purple or white
1 pkg dry yeast
8 bay leaves

1 ) place the flour , lard , mashed cheese , ground cumin and anise ,
and yeast in a large mixing bowl . blend well . add the grape juice and
mix the dough well for 2-3 minutes until all the grape juice is
absorbed and evenly distributed . the dough will be damp and sticky ,
but no internal dry areas should appear by the end of the mixing . if
they do , mix a few minutes more or add a little more grape juice and
mix again .

2 ) let the dough rest 5 minutes . now sprinkle 1 or 2 tbsp . flour
over the dough and knead , either in the bowl or on a lightly floured
surface for 5-10 minutes , until the dough is smooth and elastic and
only slightly sticky . add more flour if needed . let the dough rest
2 minutes .

3 ) the dough should now be very smooth and easy to handle . knead 30
seconds more , return the dough to the bowl , cover the bowl with a dish
towel or large plate , and let rise at room temperature for at least 3
hours .

4 ) sprinkle top with flour , punch down , and form the dough into 4
rectangular loaves ( 4 in . by 2 in . by 2-1/2 in. ) . place two bay
leaves on the bottom of each loaf , and lay them , leaf side down , on a
greased cookie sheet . cover with a towel and let rise for 1 hour ,
until well risen .

5 ) bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for 35 minutes , until the
loaves are brown on top and make a hollow sound when tapped on the
bottom . serve when cool . note : to make these breads without
leavening , omit the yeast , knead the dough thoroughly , then bake at
350 degrees for about 2 hours . they will be chewy and moist , and very
foreign to our taste . the romans thought unleaven bread was manlier
and much better for the digestion .

yield : 4 servings




baby teething crackers

breads

2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup corn meal
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 egg , beaten
2/3 cup milk

`` a tasty and nutritious teething cracker , far superior to anything
you will find for sale at the supermarket . these make thoughtful
gifts for babies and their parents . for an alternative baby teething
cracker , try the zwieback recipe on page 139 . 325~f . 60 to 70 minutes
preheat the oven to 325~f .

in the food processor or in a large bowl , stir together the flour ,
corn meal , salt , and sugar . add the egg and mix well . blend in enough
of the milk to form a dough that will hold together in a cohesive
ball .

on a floured surface or pastry cloth , roll into a rectangle about 3/8
inch thick . with a sharp knife , cut the dough into 1-1/2- by 3-inch
rectangles . place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking
sheet . prick each cracker 2 or 3 times with the tines of a fork .

bake for 60 to 70 minutes , or until the crackers are thoroughly dry .
cool on a rack . these crackers should be hard . if necessary , put them
mmconv vers . 1.40

yield : 15 servings




oat bran bread

breads

1 pkg ( 5/16-oz ) yeast
1 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup bread flour
4 tablespoon oat bran ; hot ; cereal
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon margarine
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
7/8 cup water

a light , fiber-rich , nutritious loaf . serve toasted w/marmalade
attach kneading blade and put all ingredients in the order given into
the bread pan . makes 1 loaf , 8 slices . each slice : 147 calories ; 1 gm
dietary fiber ; less than 1 gm souluble fiber ; 27 gm carbohydrates ; 4
gm protein ; 2 gm fat ( 13 % calories from fat ) ; less than 1 mg
cholesterol ; 268 mg sodium ;
62 mg potassium ; 16 mg calcium .

yield : 1 servings




spice bread ( irish )

breads , cakes , irish

10 oz flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon mixed spice *
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
4 oz light brown sugar
2 oz chopped candied peel
6 oz raisins , plain or golden
4 oz butter
6 oz golden syrup **
1 large egg , beaten
4 tablespoon milk

servings : 8

* equal parts of cinnamon , nutmeg and allspice . ** lyons ' golden
syrup , carried in some fancy groceries . if you ca n't find it , use
karo golden corn syrup .

sift the flour with the soda and baking powder , and the mixed spice
and ginger : then add the brown sugar , chopped peel and raisins : mix .
make a well in the center . melt the butter with the syrup over low
heat , then pour into the well in the mixture . add the beaten egg and
milk and mix very well . pour into a greased 2 lb loaf pan and bake
in a preheated oven at 325 f for 40-50 minutes , or until it tests
done . this bread will keep moist for several days , and actually
improves somewhat during this period .

yield : 8 servings




king arthur - merlin 's magic sourdough bread

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
1/2 cup warm water
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
3 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
1 tablespoon salt
1/4 cup olive oil
5 cup ( approx . ) king arthur unbleached al ; l-purpose

flour

mix the starter , water , yeast and gluten together .
add 3 cups of the flour . cover with a damp towel and
let this sponge sit overnight . the next day , add the
salt , oil , and stir in flour until the dough is a
shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured
counter and knead the dough adding more flour as
necessary until the dough is a smooth ball . the dough
should not be sticky . place the dough in a lightly
oiled bowl and let the dough rise for about 2 hours .
the dough should double in size .

punch down the dough and divide it into 2 pieces .
knead each piece briefly on a lightly floured counter .
form each piece into a round ball and place on a
baking sheet that has been greased and sprinkled with
cornmeal . cover the loaves with a damp towel and let
them rise for 45 to 60 minutes or until slightly
swollen . while the loaves are fising , preheat the
oven to 375 degrees . make 3 slashes that are about 4 ''
long and 1/2 '' deep on the top of each loaf . this will
help the loaves to rise evenly in the oven . bake for
35 minutes or until browned and the bottoms sound
hollow when thumped .

yield : 2 loaves from : king arthur flour posted by :
debbie carlson - cooking echo

yield : 6 servings




kulich

breads , russian

1/3 cup raisins , golden
3 tablespoon rum
1/2 cup sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast ( 1/4 oz )
1/2 cup water , warm ( 105-115 ' )
6 tablespoon butter , softened ( 3/4 stick )
3 eggs
2 tablespoon vanilla
3 tablespoon milk , powdered
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon saffron , ground ( optional )
4 3/4 cup flour , all-purpose
1/4 cup almonds , slivered
1/4 cup orange peel , chopped , candied
-- -- sugar glaze -- --
1 cup confectioners ' sugar
1 reserved soaking rum
2 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon water

1 . soak raisins in rum for at least 30 or overnight .

2 . combine 1/2 teaspoon sugar along with yeast and water in small
bowl . let stand until foamy , about 5 minutes .

3 . beat together remaining sugar , butter , eggs , vanilla , powdered
milk , salt and saffron , if using , and yeast mixture in large bowl
with mixer until blended . add 2 cups of the flour and 1 tablespoon of
soaking rum , beating for 2 minutes at high speed .

4 . drain raisins and reserve rum for glaze . stir raisins , almonds and
orange peel into dough with wooden spoon . stir in enough of remaining
flour to form a soft dough . turn out onto floured surface and knead
until smooth and elastic , about 5 minutes .

5 . place dough in greased bowl , turning to coat . cover ; let rise in
warm spot for 1 1/2-2 hours , until doubled . grease well two 1 lb .
coffee cans . line bottoms with rounds of waxed paper .

6 . turn dough out onto floured surface . punch down ; knead a few turns .
divide in half and place in prepared cans . ( they should be about
two-thirds full . ) let rise , covered , for about 1 1/2 hours , or until
it has risen to top of can .

7 . preheat oven to moderate ( 350'f ) . brush tops of breads lightly with
water .

8 . bake in lower third of preheated moderate over ( 350'f ) for 35-40
minutes or until golden brown on top and long skewer inserted in
center comes out clean . check after 25 minutes and tent with foil if
browning too quickly .

9 . using oven mitts , carefully remove the bread from the cans ,
supporting top of bread and twisting off can . cool upright on wire
rack to room temperature . drizzle glaze over breads . garnish with
candied orange peel and slivered almonds , if you wish .

sugar glaze : stir together confectioners ' sugar , reserved soaking rum ,
lemon juice and water as need , in small bowl until good drizzling
consistency .

yield : 24 servings




date-orange loaf

breads

1 orange rind , grated
1 juice of orange
1 egg
1/2 cup chopped nuts
1 cup cut-up dates , soaked in boiling wat ; er and drained
2 tablespoon butter
1 cup sugar
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda

add boiling water to orange juice to equal 1 cup .

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and baking soda .

in mixing bowl , cream butter and sugar , then add egg . add juice and
dry ingredients alternately . add dates and nuts .

bake in loaf pan , well greased , for 50-60 minutes in a 350'f .
preheated oven .

yield : 1 servings




oregon hazelnut saffron bread

breads

1/2 cup water
1/4 teaspoon saffron threads
1 1/2 tablespoon dry yeast
2 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 cup melted butter
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup finely chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ha ; zelnuts )
4 eggs
1 egg yolk ; mixed with ...
1/4 cup light cream

bring water to a boil and pour over saffron threads . allow to cool to
105 ; combine with yeast and sugar . let set 15 minutes . mix melted
butter , salt , flour , hazelnuts , eggs and yeast mixture . beat by hand
until smooth . place in buttered bowl , turn , cover and set in
draft-free place to rise until doubled , about 1 to 1-1/2 hours . punch
down and shape into 2 loaves . this can be braided as well . brush each
loaf with the egg yolk wash , let rise until doubled , about 1 hour .
bake at 400 for 30 minutes , until deep golden brown . cool .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 2 loaves




bath buns

breads

2 cup flour
3 tablespoon shortening
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 lemon rind , grated
1/4 cup sugar
1 egg , well beaten
1/2 cup seedless raisins citron milk

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder and salt . cut in
shortening . add grated lemon rind , sugar , egg , raisins , and enough
milk to make a soft dough that can be molded . pat into sheet 1 inch
thick and cut into rounds , or mold small amounts into round buns .
stick a bit of citron in the top of each . reserve a little of the egg
to brush over the top . place on well-oiled baking sheet . bake in hot
oven ( 450 f ) 12-15 minutes . brush top with 1 tablespoon sugar
moistened with a little cream . serve hot . 12 servings . florence taft
eaton , concord , ma .

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




l.a. sweet corn bread

breads

18 1/2 oz yellow cake mix
15 oz corn bread mix

mix cake and corn bread batters according to package directions . blend
together and turn into 2 greased 9-inch square baking pans . bake at
350f 30 to 35 minutes , or until corn bread springs back when lightly
touched .

yield : 32 servings




focaccia ( italian flatbread )

breads , ethnic , italian

2 1/2 cup flour , bread
1 tablespoon dried rosemary leaves
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 tablespoon yeast
3 tablespoon oil , olive
1 cup water ; hot
1 oil , olive

mix 1 1/2 cups of the flour , the rosemary , salt , and yeast in a large
bowl thoroughly . add 3 tablespoons oil and the hot water . beat on low
speed 30 seconds , scraping bowl constantly . beat on medium speed 1
minute , scraping bowl frequently . stir in enough remaining flour to
make dough easy to handle . turn dough onto lightly floured surface .
knead 5 to 8 minutes or until smooth and elastic . place in greased
bowl ; turn greased side up . cover and let rise in warm place about 1
hour or until double . ( dough is ready if indentation remains when
touched . ) punch down dough . brush 12-inch pizza pan or large cookie
sheet with oil . press dough in pizza pan or flatten into 12 '' circle
on cookie sheet . make depressions , with fingers about 2 inches apart ,
into dough . brush with oil ; sprinkle with pepper . let rise uncovered
in warm place
30 minutes .

heat oven to 400 degrees . bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden
brown . brush with additional oil . serve warm .

*if using quick-acting yeast , omit first rise . after kneading , cover
dough and let rest 10 minutes . press dough in pan and continue as
directed .

high altitude directions ( 3500 to 6500 feet ) : rising times may be
slightly shorter .

food & wine rt [ * ] category 2 , topic 29 message 173 mon nov 09 , 1992
m.goldstei15 [ d.o.m . ] at 21:10 est

from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $
71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 6 servings




blueberry banana muffins

breads , fruits

1 1/4 cup sugar
2/3 cup butter ( land o lakes )
1/4 cup buttermilk
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 medium ripe banana ( 2 cups )
2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 cup fresh/frozen blueberries

heat oven to 350 . in larger mix bowl , combine sugar , buttermilk ,
butter , eggs and vanilla . beat at medium speed , scraping bowl often
until creamy ( 1-2 min ) . add flour , baking soda , and salt . beat at low
speed until moistened ( 1-2 min ) . by hand , stir in blueberries . spoon
into paper lined muffin cups . bake for 25-30 min . or until toothpick
inserted into the center comes out clean . remove from pan , cool and
sprinkle with powdered sugar .

from : `` my-hanh t. cao '' < mcao @ students.uwf.edu >

date : mon , 28 oct 1996 23:07:28 -0600

yield : 1 servings




pecan loaves

breads , quick & easy

1 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon mace
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
3/4 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
1 cup chopped pecans
1 1/2 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
1 1/3 cup milk
1 egg ; beaten
1/4 cup vegetable oil

sift together flour , baking powder , salt and spices into bowl . stir in
sugar , pecans and oats . add remaining ingredients ; stir only until
dry ingredients are moistened . pour batter into 3 greased empty cans ,
about 2 cup capacity .

bake in preheated moderate oven ( 350 f. ) about 50 minutes . loosen
edges ; remove from cans immediately ; cool thoroughly . wrap cooled
bread and store one day before slicing .

note : for variety , use 1 cup chopped pitted dates or prunes in place
of pecans in above recipe .

source : our favorites for family and friends reprinted with
permission from the quaker oats company electronic format courtesy of
karen mintzias

yield : 3 loaves




robb 's dried fruit cream scones

breads

-- -- scones -- --
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup chopped dried fruit
1 ( apricots , prunes , etc )
1/4 cup golden raisins
1 1/4 cup heavy cream
-- -- glaze -- --
3 tablespoon butter , melted
1 sugar

preheat oven to 425 degrees f. use an ungreased baking sheet .

combine the flour , baking powder , salt , and sugar in a bowl , stirring
with a fork to mix well . add the dried fruit and raisins . still
using a fork , stir in the cream and mix until the dough holds
together in a rough mass ( the dough will be quite sticky ) .

lightly flour a board and transfer the dough to it . knead the dough 8
or 9 times . pat into a circle about 10 inches round . for the glaze ,
spread the butter over the top and side of the circle of dough and
sprinkle sugar on top . cut the circle into 12 wedges and place each
piece on the baking sheet , allowing about an inch between pieces .

bake for about 15 minutes , or until golden brown .

yield : 1 dozen




challah

breads

3 pkg yeast
1 1/3 cup warm water ( 110-115 )
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon softened butter/margerine
3 each large eggs lightly beaten
6 cup unleached white flour
1 each egg , well beaten
1 single with 1 tablespoon water ( a w
1 single poppy seeds

add 1 tablespoon sugar and yeast to warm water , stir well and `` proof ''
the yeast ( i 'm old-fashioned and still do this ) . after the yeast
proofs , add rest of the sugar , butter/margerine , 3 lightly beaten
eggs , and five cups flour . as your stir together , add salt ( done
this way because salt can kill yeast if added directly ) . beat
ingredients with a spoon , gradually adding flour , until dough is
stiff . knead on board until dough is smooth and elastic ( 8-10mins ) .
cover and let rise in warm place -- until about doubled in size
( 1.5-2hrs ) .
punch down and knead dough until all the bubbles are gone . divide
into 6 parts , roll each part between your hands into a rope about 1 ''
in diameter . braid 3 ropes each into 2 loaves . place two braids about
6 '' apart on a buttered/margerined cookie sheet , and allow to raise in
a warm place until almost doubled in size . brush tops with egg/water
wash and sprinkle lightly with poppy seeds . bake in pre-heated 400
oven for 35-40 mins , or until loaves sound hollow when tapped . cool
covered with a soft towel on racks .
adapted from beard on bread by james beard

yield : 1 servings




post grape-nuts bread

breads

1 cup post grape-nuts
2 cup sour milk
4 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
2 eggs , well beaten

soak grape-nuts for 10 to 15 minutes in sour milk . sift together
flour , sugar , baking soda , baking powder , & salt . alternately mix in
with dry ingredients the grape-nut mixture and the eggs . place in a
greased and floured loaf pan and let stand for 30 minutes . bake at
375 f. for 35 to 40 minutes , or until done .

yield : 1 loaf




grape starter

breads

-- -- cooking with master chefs -- --
-- -- first day -- --
1/2 lb stemmed red grapes
2 cup bread flour
2 1/2 cup water
-- -- three days before using -- --
1 cup flour
1 cup water
-- -- two days before using -- --
1 cup flour
1 cup water
-- -- one day before using -- --
1 cup flour
1 cup water

it takes 10 days to complete but is then yours for life . wrap the
grapes in well washed cheesecloth , tieing the corners to form a bag ;
lightly crush them with a rolling pin ( to release the sugar to mix
with the natural yeast on the skins ; just like making wine ! ) and
immerse them in the flour water mix . cover tightly with a lid or
plastic wrap secured with a rubber band . leave at room temperature
for 6 days , stirring once or twice a day for the six days .

the bag of grapes will eventually appear inflated , and liquid will
begin to separate from the flour base . the mixture will begin to
taste and smell slightly fruity , and the color will be strange . that
is as it should be . by the sixth day the bag of grapes will have
deflated , the color will be yellow , and the taste pleasantly sour ;
the fermentation is complete . the starter is living but weak , and it
needs to be fed .

remove the grapes and squeeze their juices back into the starter .
stir it up thouroughly and transfer it to a clean container .
( although you can use it after just one feeding , the starter will be
stronger and healthier with the full treatment ) you can refrigerate
it until you 're ready to proceed .

three days before you plan to use it , stir 1 cup flour and 1 cup
water into the container , blending well . let stand uncovered at room
temperature until it bubbles up - 3 to 4 hours - then cover and
refrigerate . repeat this for the second and third day .

store the starter tightly covered in the refrigerator where it will
keep perfectly for 4 to 6 months.- after which it 's a good idea to
pour off all but 2 cups and give it another feeding . before using the
stored starter for bread , however , give it the full 3-day feeding
schedule once again to restore it and to tone down excess sourness .

sylvia 's comments : i bought a big bunch of black grapes for this
( did n't remember that the recipe called for red grapes ) and put them
into 2 cheesecloth packages , which made cramming them into the
container a bit difficult . i was n't sure how much to crush the
grapes , so only used a little pressure with my hands , just enough to
dampen the cheesecloth with grape juice . later note : i should have
crushed more , after 6 days the grapes were still pretty intact . i
squeezed everything i could out of one of my packets and threw it
away , crushed the other more thoroughly and stuck in back in the
starter .

posted 12-01-93 by richard taylor on f-cooking

mm by mmconv and sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 ,
internet sylvia.steiger @ lunatic.com , moderator of gt cookbook and
planonet lowfat & luscious echoes

yield : 1 starter




sour cream bread

breads , beer , alcohol

2 cup flour ( pastry )
1 1/2 cup self-rising flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon dill weed
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon celery seed
1 tablespoon dried onion
1 cup sour cream
12 oz beer ( room temp )
3 tablespoon oleo

mix flours , baking powder , dill , basil , celery seed , onion , sour
cream & beer . spoon into greased 9x5 loaf pan . pour melted
margarine over batter . bake at 325 for 1 hour . slices best when
completely cool

yield : 6 servings




oatcakes ( not sweet )

breads , scottish

3 1/2 cup oats ; quick salt
2 tablespoon flour
1/2 cup shortening water , approx .

combine the oats , salt and flour . cut in the shortening and add enough
water to dampen and form a ball . ( a food processor does the work in a
jiffy ) . leave to swell for ten minutes . divide the dough and roll each
part to 1/8 '' thickness ; slide onto ungreased cookie sheet , indent in
squares with a pastry wheel or knife . bake in 350f for about 1/2 hour
but watch that they do n't turn brown .
sweet oatcake : add 1 cup sugar to recipe .
anne 's note : that recipe is labelled `` bannock '' in the title in
cookbook but it far more a non sweet oatcake in the tradition of
walker 's oatcakes ( it appears as `` oatcakes '' in the book 's index .
source : _more baking with schmecks appeal_ )

yield : 1 servings




mom 's cheese biscuits

biscuits

1 cup flour
2/3 cup cheddar , grated
2/3 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup buttermilk
3/16 cup oil ( up to 3/4 c , if need d )

work flour together with cheese until cheese is well-coated . add
sugar , salt , baking powder and soda .

make a well in mixture ; pour in buttermilk and oil , mix . add more
flour if too wet and soft , or if too dry , add more buttermilk . mix
thoroughly , but no more than you have to . if right consistency , will
hold its shape .

spoon out onto greased cookie sheet 1 1/2 to 2 inches apart . bake
between 425 to 450 degrees f. about 25 minutes .

yield : 1 dozen




bisquick mix

breads , mixes

9 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup double-acting baking powder
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 cup sugar
2 cup shortening ; like crisco

sift baking powder , salt , cream of tarter , sugar with flour 3 times .
cut in shortening until mix is consistency of cornmeal store in
covered containers and store at room temp . ( i put the shortening in
my fresser for 30 minutes then put it in the processor with the flour
works great . formatted by diana lewis

yield : 13 servings




baking powder drop biscuits

breads

2 cup a. p. flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
4 tablespoon shortening
1 cup buttermilk

sift flour with soda , salt and baking powder . mix in the
shortening with fingertips . add buttermilk and stir . mix all into a
soft dough .

using a spoon , drop pieces of the dough about the size of a walnut
onto a greased baking sheet . leave 2 inches between each .

bake in a preheated 400 f. oven for 10 min. , or until browned .

yield : 1 servings




egg dumplings

breads , casseroles

8 cup water
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 eggs , well beaten
1/2 cup water
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt

heat 8 cups water and 1/2 t salt to boiling in dutch oven . mix eggs ,
1/2 cup water , flour and 1 t salt . drop dough by teaspoonfuls into
boiling water . cook uncovered 10 minutes , stirring occasionally ;
drain . ( dumplings will be chewy , not fluffy . )

yield : 6 servings




cheddar biscuits

breads , cheese , quick bread

2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cheddar ; sharp , grated
1/4 cup butter
2/3 cup milk

sift the flour , baking powder , and salt together and mix with the
grated cheddar cheese . cut the butter into the dry ingredients , add
the milk and mix quickly but thoroughly . the dough should be soft .
turn onto a floured board and knead lightly for a few seconds . pat
to a 3/8-inch thickness and cut . bake on a baking sheet in a
hot-oven ( 450 degrees f. ) about 30 minutes or until lightly browned .
serve hot .

yield : 8 servings




boston baked brown bread

breads

2 cup buttermilk*
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup cornmeal
3/4 cup molasses
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup raisins

* ( or 2 c milk and 1 t lemon juice ) beat all ingredients in large
mixing bowl for 2 minutes on medium speed . pour into greased angel
food pan . ( i use a bundt pan . ) bake in 325 f oven for 1 hour . enjoy ! !
from : betsy jones ( bxnj15b ) reformatted by elaine radis

yield : 8 servings




crisp pizza dough ( tdn )

breads , pizza

1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup lukewarm water
3 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil

dissolve yeast and sugar in lukewarm water ; set aside . in large mixing
bowl , combine 2-3/4 cups flour and the salt ; stir yeast mixture and
oil into the flour until a dough forms . on a lightly floured work
surface , knead the dough about 10 minutes , working in remaining flour
until dough is sticky . place in an oiled bowl , cover with plastic
wrap and let rise until double in size , about 40 minutes .

makes one 16 inch crust .

assorted recipes from the detroit news , entered by diane pahl

yield : 10 servings




cheryl 's sourdough starter

breads , sourdough

-- -- cheryl gavard -- --
1 cup milk
1 tablespoon sugar salt
2 cup flour
1 tablespoon white vinegar

mix all together , and let sit on your counter for 3 days with a loose
fitting lid or cover with saran wrap . on the third day stir it well .
let sit for two more days . some recipes call for adding 1 packet of
yeast that has been dissolved in 1/2 cup warm water on the fifth day .
it sort of speeds up the process of it getting sour . if you do add
it , then let the mix sit out for at least one more week , stirring it
every day . if you do n't add it , you still have to let it sit out a
week , but , it may not be as sour the first few times you use it .
store starter in the fridge . it will separate , into two parts , a
darkish liquid on the top ~ this is normal . before you use it , stir
the liquid back into the bottom part . always use a wooden or plastic
spoon . never use metal . always use glass , ceramic or plastic
bowls ... never metal . to use : pour out the amount needed . for 1/2
cup starter used , feed with 1/2 cup flour and 1 teaspoon sugar . stir
in well . do n't worry about flour lumps etc . let sit out on the
counter with a loose lid overnight ! stir , return to refrigerator .
( according to cheryl & connie , you have to wait at least 3 or 4 days
between used ! ) if you do n't use within a week , feed starter 1
teaspoon sugar , stir in and return to fridge . it 's not that
hard ... and of all the starters i 've used , this one so far has been
the best . thanks cheryl and connie ! repost by sallie kratz nxmb21a
4/24/93 food forum mm format by norma wrenn npxr56b

yield : 1 servings




everglades hush puppies

breads

2 cup corn meal
1 cup flour
1 large onion , chopped
2 tablespoon ( rounded ) baking powder
4 eggs
2 teaspoon salt
1 13 oz . can evaporated milk

in a medium bowl , stir all ingredients together and drop by
teaspoonsful into hot oil and fry until golden . ( the orange bowl
cookbook.1983 ) submitted by salli schwartz
< 102003.3307 @ compuserve.com > ( honn ) on
20 jun 1995 075052 -0500

yield : 10 servings




cinnamon ribbon bread

breads , desserts , holiday , breakfast , snacks

2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup butter or margarine
1 1/4 cup sugar , divided
3 eggs
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup dairy sour cream
2 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1/2 cup pecans , chopped

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. combine flour , balking powder , and
salt in a small bowl until well blended . in a large bowl , beat butter
and 1 cup of the sugar until creamy and light . beat in eggs , one at a
time and vanilla until well blended . beat in flour mixture and sour
cream , alternately , beginning and ending with the dry ingredients . in
a small bowl , combine remaining 1/4 cup sugar and the cinnamon . spoon
about one third of the batter into greased and floured 9 x 5-inch
loaf pan . sprinkle with one third of the cinnamon mixture . repeat
with remaining batter and cinnamon mixture until all is used up .
sprinkle the top of the bread with pecans , pressing them in slightly
with your fingers . bake 50 to 55 minutes , or until a wooden pick
inserted in the middle comes out clean . cool bread 10 minutes in the
pan on a wire rack . remove from pan and cool completely on rack .

minutes

recipe from : parnets magazine , november 1986

yield : 6 servings

preparation time : 1 loa




flour tortillas i

breads

4 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
4 tablespoon lard or shortening
1 1/2 cup warm water

combine dry ingredients in a mixing bowl . cut in shortening . make a
well in the center and add water , a small amount at a time , to form a
dough . knead dough in bowl until smooth and elastic . cover and wet
aside for ten minutes . form dough into egg-sized balls and flatter
between palms . with rolling pin , roll each ball into a 6 inch circle ,
about 1/8 inch thick . cook on preheated ungreased skillet over medium
high heat , apprx . two min . per side , until tortilla looks slightly
speckled . cover with a clean towel to keep warm and soft until
served . the tortillas may be cooled and stored in plastic bags in the
freezer for later use .

yield : 12 servings




pita toasts

appetizers , breads

4 pita bread rounds
1/4 cup butter , softened

take 4 rounds of pita bread and spread them with 1/4 c softened
butter . cut each round in half and cut each half into 8 triangles .
place on greased baking sheet . bake at 350f ( 180c ) for 15 minutes or
until browned and crisp . makes 64 triangles .

yield : 12 servings




irish freckle bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
4 3/4 cup to 5 3/4 cups unsifted flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 pkg dry yeast
1 cup potato water
1/2 cup margarine
2 eggs , room temperature
1/4 cup mashed potatoes , room temperature
1 cup seedless raisins

in a large bowl thoroughly mix 1 1/2 cups flour , sugar , salt and
undissolved yeast . combine potato water and margarine in saucepan .
heat over low heat until liquid is warm - the margarine does not need
to melt . gradually add to dry ingredients and beat for 2 minutes at
medium speed with electric mixer , scraping bowl occasionally . add
eggs , potatoes and 1/2 cup flour , or enough flour to make a thick
batter . stir in raisins and enough additional flour to make a soft
dough . turn out onto floured board . knead until smooth and elastic ,
about 10 minutes . place in greased bowl , turning dough to grease .
cover and let rise until doubled in bulk . punch dough down . turn out
onto lightly floured board . divide dough into 4 equal pieces . shape
each piece into a slender loaf , about 8 1/2 inches long . put 2
loaves , side by side , in each of 2 greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2 inch
loaf pans . cover . let rise in warm place , free from draft until
doubled in bulk . bake in preheated 375 f oven for 35 minutes , or
until done . remove from pans and cool on wire racks .

colorado cache cookbook ( 1978 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




pumpkin bread or muffins

breads

3 1/2 cup pumpkin , pureed
1 cup butter
2 eggs
2 1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 cup pastry flour
6 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup molasses
1 teaspoon cloves
2 teaspoon nutmeg
2 cup walnuts , broken
2 cup honey
1 cup cream
4 tablespoon vanilla

combine pumpkin , butter , and eggs . add remaining ingredients and
stir . pour into oiled loaf pans or muffin tins . bake at 350 degrees
for 30 minutes or until tops brown . to give as gifts , bake in oiled
empty coffee or tea tins .

yield : 3 servings




onion hush puppies

breads

1 egg
1 cup flour
2 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup ; water
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 shortening

combine all ingredients with enough shortening to form dough balls
about the size of golf balls deep fry until brown .

yield : 1 servings




sm muffins or biscuits

breads

9 cup flour ; sifted
1/3 cup baking powder ; double acting
1 cup nonfat dry milk plus
2 tablespoon nonfat dry milk
4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup vegetable shortening

stir baking powder , dry milk and salt into the sifted flour . sift all
dry ingredients together until well mixed . cut or mix fat into flour
mixture utnil all particles are thouroughly coated and mixture
esembels coarse cornmeal . sotre mix in a jar or can with a tight lid .
it can be measured into 2 cup amounts and put in plastic bags or
jarsd where it will be ready for use . it may be stored at room
temperature for 6 weeks . vary the liquids : dry milk solids are
already in the mix so more milk is not need . you can use fruit juice ,
water or meat broth for the liquid called for in a recipe .

the recipes in this pick-a-pocket book were writted for commercial
packaged baking mix which has no milk so it is the liquid called for
in recipes . this mix is a perfect substitte . just use water where it
calls for milk . ( written out of my cookbook )

basic biscuits : 2 cups mix , 1/2 cup water . add water to mix and stir
20-25 times . turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 10-15
times . roll to 1/2 '' thickness and cut with a knife to pockets shapes
or use biscuit cutter to make circles . place in preheated sm and bake
5 minutes or until golden brown .

sausage biscuits : 2 1/4 cups packaged biscuit baking mix ( milk ) , 8
links sausages cooked .

prepare biscuits according to package directions for rolled biscuits .
knead dough , roll out on floured surface and cut 8 circles with a
biscuit cutter . lay one sausage in center of each and wrap dough
around , pinching to seal . sausages will stick out the ends . bake 5
minutes or until golden brown .

jelly biscuits : flatten unbaked biscuits with heel of your hand .
place 1/2 teaspoon jelly or preserves in center . fold over and pinch
edges together to seal . bake 5 minutes or till golden .

pimento cheese bread : 2 cups packaged biscuit baking mix , 1 egg ,
beaten ; 1/2 cup grated cheddar ; 2/3 cup milk ; 2 tablespoon drained
dice pimento ( optional ) mix all ingredients together until soft dough
forms . spoon into pockets . bake 10 minutes or until golden .

yield : 6 servings




applesauce tea bread

breads

2 1/2 cup white flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
8 oz applesauce
1 each egg
1 cup skim milk

mix the dry ingredients together and add the applesauce , then the egg
and milk . pour into nonstick loaf pan and bake at 350f for 50 min .
remove and cool . cal : 77 ( slice ) ; fat : 1/10g .

yield : 20 servings




inagami-pakwejigan ( soft bread )

breads , bakery , native american

1 3/4 cup water
2/3 cup white corn flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 margarine or shortening
1 sunflower seeds

bring the water to a boil . mix together the flour & salt . pour the
boiling water onto the dry ingredients while stirring . continue to
stir until the mixture becomes thick & uniform . serve in a bowl
topped with margarine & the sunflower seeds .

yield : 4 servings




traditional buttermilk biscuits

breads

2 cup a.p . flour , sifted
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 cup buttermilk
4 tablespoon shortening

sift flour , salt and soda together in a medium mixing bowl . mix in
shortening with the tips of the fingers ; add buttermilk and gently
knead into a soft ball of dough . lift dough onto a well floured
board , knead just until smooth and firm enough to handle . roll or pat
out to 1/2-inch thickness , and cut with floured cutter , or with knife
or the rim of smooth drinking glass .

place biscuits on a greased cookie sheet , and bake in a pre-heated
400 f. oven for 10 min. , until well browned .

hint : for biscuit cutters you may also use empty cans with holes
punched in bottoms to release air . # 303 cans are perfect for large
biscuits , and tomato sauce cans ( 8 oz . size ) are just right for small
ones .

yield : 8 servings




yum-yum gems

breads

1/2 cup shortening
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup milk ; sour
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup nut meats ; chopped
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cloves
1 cup raisins ; chopped

blend shortening and sugar . add sour milk . stir in dry ingredients ,
add raisins and nuts . pour into greased cup cake tins and bake in
moderate oven 350 f. from 15 to 20 minutes or until done . you can use
any kind of icing .

source : mrs. leda towner , kent grange , portage county , oh

yield : 1 servings




cajun 3-pepper bread

breads

8 flour , bread
3/4 polenta ; uncooked
1/2 pint pepper ; cayenne
1 pint pepper ; black ground
1 pint parsley flakes [ dry ]
3 pint garlic ; crushed
2 pkg yeast
4 pint salt , preferably sea
1/2 pepper ; diced sweet red
4 pint tabasco or hot pepper sau
2 1/2 water

proof yeast in 4 t of the water . mix all the dry ingredients in a
bowl , then add the liquids . turn the dough onto a floured surface and
knead it for 10-12 minutes.the dough should have a coarse look , but
will be cohesive , stretchy , tacky but not sticky , and resilient .
allow the dough to rise for about 1-1/2 hours ( until double in size ) .
> > > > next > > > > punch it down , and allow it to rise
again for 1-1 1/2 hours . punch it down again . cut the dough into two
( 2 ) pieces and form into rounds or french loaves . allow to proof for
1 hour , then bake like french breads in a 400 deg oven with steam or
spray for 30-40 minutes . cool before cutting .

yield : 2 servings




savory zucchini muffins ww

breads , vegetables

1 1/2 cup zucchini shredded
1 cup flour , all-purpose
11 tablespoon flour , whole wheat
3/4 oz cheese , cheddar , low-fat shredded
2 tablespoon sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon black pepper , ground
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup yogurt , plain , low-fat
2 eggs
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon fines herbes , dried

preheat oven to 350f . in center of kitchen towel arrange zucchini ;
gather corners of towel to enclose zucchini and squeeze to remove
excess liquid . combine zuccini , flours , cheese , baking poweder , soda ,
pepper and salt ; set aside . combine and whisk together yogurt , eggs ,
oil and fines herbes . add yogurt mixture to flour mixture and stir
till blended . spray 12 2-1/2 '' muffin pan cups with cooking spray .
fill each about 2/3 full . bake in center rack for 20 minutes , or
toothpick comes out dry . set pan on wire rack and cool slightly .
invert muffins of wire rack and let cool .

weight watcher exchanges : 1 fat , 1/2 protein , 1/2 vegetable , 1-1/2
breads , 30 optional calories .

nutritional analysis per serving : 232 calories , 8 g .
protein , 8 g. fat , 33 g. carbohydrate , 158 mg calcium , 283 mg .
sodium , 74 mg. cholesterol , 2 g. dietary fiber .

calories from fat : 30 %

original recipe from weight watchers `` simply light cooking ''
conversion and fat calories by `` rick weissgerber ''

yield : 6 servings




tortillas ( flour tortillas )

breads , mexican

4 cup flour
2/3 cup shortening
2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda hot water

mix all dry ingredients.blend shortening with pastry blender or
fingers . pour hot water and mix to a thick dough . ( water must be
poured all at once . ) knead on a bread board until soft and pliable .
allow dough to stand for 20 minutes . preheat ungreased griddle . make
dough balls ( size of golf ball ) and form into flat patties . roll out
on bread board until the patty is round and thin . bake on preheated
griddle . turn tortillas when top side begins to show some puffiness
or blisters . cook other side until lightly brown . place in bread
basket and keep covered . serve warm with everything .

from lucy m. garza 's _south texas mexican cookbook_ , eakin press ,
1982 . isbn 0-89015-344-2 . from : laura ann wallace
< walllau @ karl.acc.iit.edu >

yield : 1 batch




sourdough pumpernickle

breads

1 1/2 cup active sourdough starter
2 tablespoon caraway seeds , chopped
2 cup unsifted rye flour
1/2 cup boiling black coffee
1/2 cup molasses
1/4 cup dry skim milk
2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon melted shortening
1/2 cup whole milk
2 3/4 cup unbleached flour
1 pkg active dry yeast

pour boiling coffee over chopped caraway seeds . let the mixture cool
and then add it to the rye flour and starter which have previously
been mixed well . let stand for 4 to 8 hours in a warm place ,
preferabley overnight . then add the molasses , dry milk , salt ,
shortening , liquid milk , unbleached flour and yeast . mix well . cover
the bowl and let rise to double . then knead on floured board and
shape into two round loaves on baking sheet . let rise until double
again and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes or until done .

yield : 10 servings




pepper cheese pretzels

appetizers , breads

3 cup all purpose flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon course ground black pepper
1 1/3 cup water
3 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon honey
1 egg yolk
1 cup ( 4oz ) shred shp ched cheese
1 egg white , beaten
2 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
1 or
1 tablespoon kosher salt

1.lightly spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . in large bowl ,
combine 2 cups glour , yeast , salt and pepper . in small saucepan , heat
water , oil and honey until very warm ( 120-130 deg ) .

2 . add warm liquid to flour mixture ; blend at low speed until
moistened . beat 3 minutes at medium speed . stir in egg yolk and
enough remaining flour until dough pulls away from sides of bowl .
( dough will be soft ) . cover ; let rise in warm place ( 80-85 deg ) for
40 minutes , or until doubled in size .

3 . heat oven to 400 deg . generously grease cokie sheets . punch down
dough . on floured surface , knead cheddar cheese into dough . divide
dough into 12 pieces . roll each piece into pencil-thin 18 '' rope ; tie
in loose pretzel shape . place on greased cookie sheet . brush with egg
white ; sprinkle with parmesan cheese or kosher salt .

4 . bake at 400 deg for 12-18 minutes or until golden brown .
immediately remove from cookie sheet . cool completely on wire racks .

yield : 12 servings




ginger garlic bread

breads

2 cloves garlic
1/4 inch thick slice of
1 peeled fresh gingerroot
1 stick ( 1/2 cup ) unsalted butter , so ; ftened
1 12 '' baguette

in a small food processor or blender puree the garlic and the
gingerroot with the butter until the mixture is smooth . cut the
baquette lengthwise with a serrated knife , spread the butter mixture
onto the cut sides of the baguette , and broil the baguette , cut sides
up , under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from heat for 3 minutes ,
or until the tops are golden brown . serves 4 .

yield : 4 servings




viv 's air buns

breads

1 x no ingredients

in 1 cup of lukwarm water put 2 tsp sugar and 2 packages traditional
dry active yeast ( 2 tbsp ) . let rise 10 min . in large bowl put ; 1 c
white sugar , 1 cup lard or shortening ( melted ) , 2 tsp salt , 4 tbsp
vinegar , and 7 c warm water . add risen yeast and 16 to 20 cups of
flour . just enough so that dough will not stick to hands . kneed until
smooth and silky . ( 5-10 minutes ) . let rise for 2-3 hours , until
double in bulk .
punch down . form into buns and place on greased sheets 2 in apart .
let rise for 2 hours . bake in 350-400 f oven until golden brown .
makes 5 dozen buns .

this dough used to make cinnamon rolls if desired .

yield : 5 servings




sopaipillas 2

breads , mexican

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoon lard or shortening
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
4 cup all purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 each oil

in a large mixing bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water . in another bowl
combine milk , lard , salt and sugar . heat to 110 degrees and add to
dissolved yeast . beat in 3 cups of the all purpose flour and all of
the whole wheat flour . add abut 1/2 c all purpose flour and mix until
a stiff sticky dough forms . place dough on a floured board and knead ,
adding more flour as needed , until dough is smooth and nonsticky .
place doug in a greased bowl turning over to grease top . cover and let
stand at room temp . 1 hour . punch dough down . the dough may be coverec
and chilled as long as overnight . knead dough on alightly floured
board to expel air . roll dough out , a portion at a time , to slightly
less than 1/8 '' thick . cut in 2 '' x 5 '' rectangles or 3 '' squares for
appetizers . place on lightly floured pans and lightly cover . if you
work quickly you can let cut sopaipillas stay at room temp up to 5
min ; otherwise , refrigerate them until all are ready to fry . in a deep
wide frying pan or kettle heat 1 1/2 - 2 inches oil to 350 on a deep
fat frying thermometer . fry 2 or 3 at a time . when the bread begins to
puff , gently push the bread into the hot oil several times to help it
puff more evenly . turn several times and cook just until pale gold on
both sides , 1-2 minutes total . drain on paper towels . serve
immediately or place in a warm oven until all are fried . or if made
ahead , cool , cover and chill or freeze . to reheat , bake uncovered in a
300 oven , turnig once , just until warm , 5-8 min . do not overheat or
they will become hard.makes 2 dozen large sopaipillas or about 4 dozen
small ones .

yield : 12 servings




grand champion pumpkin bread

breads , fruits , vegetables

3 1/3 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup cooking oil
2 cup pumpkin ; mashed , canned , 1cn
2/3 cup chopped dates
4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 2/3 cup sugar
4 each eggs ; lg
2/3 cup water

stir the flour , pumpkin pie spice , baking soda , baking powder , and
salt together in a small bowl and set aside . beat the sugar and oil
together in a medium mixing bowl , using an electric mixer set on
high , until light and fluffy . add the eggs , one at a time beating
well after each addition , and then beat in the pumpkin . add the dry
ingredients alternately with the water to the sugar mixture , beating
well after each addition , using a mixer set on low speed . stir in
the dates and pour the batter into 2 greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf
pans . bake in a preheated 324 degree f. oven for 55 minutes or until
a cake tester or wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean .
cool in the pans on wire racks for 10 minutes , then remove from the
pans and continue cooling on the racks .

yield : 10 servings




ha'penny friendship bread-pg . 4

breads , entertain , medieval

1 friendship poem

friendship poem : `` a penny for happy thoughts , grains that grow and
nourish , leavenings to lift us up , may friendship ever flourish . `` these
lovely friendship loaves were inspired by the `` begger 's rhyme '' of
unknown origin ... '' christmas is coming , the geese are getting fat ,
plase put a penny in the old man 's hat , if you have n't got a penny , a
ha'penny will do , if you have n't got a ha'penny -- god bless you ! '' this
special message to accompany your gift breads ( the friendship poem ) ,
is sure to spread the feeling of warm frienship and good will.i have
never tried this recipe . it comes from my `` pillsbury festive holiday
recipes '' cookbook , classic # 13 . marilyn sultar

yield : 2 servings




panhandle cornbread

breads , vegetables , cheese , quick bread

1 cup corn meal ; yellow
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded
2 each eggs ; lg , beaten
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 cup dairy sour cream
8 oz corn ; cream style , 1 cn
4 oz green chile peppers ; chopped

preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. and generously grease a 12 cup
bundt or 9-inch tube pan ; set aside . in a large bowl , combine the
cornmeal and baking powder . stir in the cheddar . in a medium bowl ,
beat the eggs , oil , sour cream , corn and chiles together . add to the
cornmeal mixture . stir until just moistened and then spoon the batter
into the prepared pan . bake for 40 to 50 minutes in the preheated
oven until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean .
cool on a rack for 10 minutes then invert over a serving plate .

yield : 4 servings




homade pita bread

breads

1 cup water
1 cup apple juice
1 1/2 tablespoon yeast , active dry
1/2 teaspoon salt
5 cup whole wheat flour
6 teaspoon whole-wheat gluten ( opt )
1 yellow cornmeal

1 . in saucepan , combine water and apple juice and heat just until
warm ( about 115 deg ) . put warm liquid in large mixing bowl , sprinkle
yeast over liquid and allow to dissolve . add 2 cups flour and the 6
eeaspoons whole-wheat gluten flour , if desired ; beat at medium speed
of electric mixer for 3 minutes . cover and let rise in warm place
until doubled in size , about 20 min .

2 . add salt , beat in as much flour as can be beaten vigorously by
hand for 6 minutes . mix as much remaining flour as can be handled
when mixing by hand and enough so that dough can be removed from bowl
onto floured surface . cover with a towel and let rest for
10 min .

3 . knead gently and rhythmically for 10-15 minutes .
keeping dough rolled in a ball . add the remaining flour , a little at
a time , kneading after each addition . be careful not to add too much
flour , or the bread will be dry . keep dough slightly sticky to the
touch . cover with a towel and let rest 10 minutes .

4 . at this point , the dough may be shaped into pita bread . loaves of
bread , pizza dough , buns , etc . to make pitas , cut dough in half with
lightly floured hands , roll each half into rope 2 1/2 inches in
diameter . cut each roll into pieces and roll with hands into 2 to 3
inch balls , depending on the desired size of pocked bread .

5 . place each dough ball on flat surface and with a lightly floured
rolling pin , roll out from center until dough forms a circle 1/4 inch
thick . gently dip bottom of dough in cornmeal and place on back of
cookie sheet . cover with a towel and let rise at room tempeerature
for 15 minutes .

6 . the best way to bake pitas is on flat quarry tiles , which can be
purchased at any rock and stone outlet .
a cast ironskillet turned upside down also works well , but limits
you to making one pita at a time . a thrid option , less satisfactory
than the others but still workable , is a cookie sheet turned upside
down .

7 . place one of the three items mentioned above in the oven and
preheat to 500 degrees . remove top oven rack for convenience in
removing pitas later .

8 . gently but quickly slip a raised pita onto a spatula and place it
on the hot tile , skillet or cookie sheet . once it touches the hot
surface , you can not move it , so aim carefull . repeat with as many
pitas as your baking method will accomodate . close oven and bake for
3-4 minutes or until lightly browned . if your baking the pitas on a
cookie sheet you may see very few or perhaps no bubbles appear - do
not overcook just because bubbles are small and not uniform . if
you 're using tiles or a cast iron skillet , you will be able to watch
pockets form immediately .

9 . remove pitas carefully from oven with spatula and place on cooling
rack . cut each pita in half while still warm . if difficult to cut .
place pita in a damp towel for 5 minutes , and then it will cut nicely .

10 . to store : place in plastic bags , 3 or 4 to a bag , while still
slightly warm to keep soft . may be frozen .

===from : fabulous food for friends and family by caviness===

yield : 25 servings




bran bread

breads

1 1/8 cup water
2 2/3 cup bread flour
3/8 cup wheat bran
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon butter , unsalted
1 1/2 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon active dry yeast

put the ingredients in the bread pan in the order suggested by the
manufacturer and process on the basic bread cycle . 1-1/2 lb . loaf .

yield : 1 servings




sesame crisp crackers

breads , crackers

1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup soy flour
1/4 cup sesame seeds
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup oil
1/2 cup water ( as needed )

stir flours , seeds , and salt together ; pour in oil and blend well . add
enough water to the dough to make it of pie dough consistency . gather
the dough into a ball , then roll it to 1/8 inch thick . cut it in
cracker shapes or sticks and place on an ungreased baking sheet . bake
at 350 degrees until the crackers are crisp and golden .

yield : 12 servings




biga

breads , italian

3/4 teaspoon yeast
1/4 cup water
-- -- mix and let sit 10 minutes -- --
-- -- add -- --
1 1/2 cup water
3 1/2 cup flour

mix into sticky dough 2 minutes by mixer or 4 minutes by hand . cover
tightly right on dough with lightly oiled plastic wrap .

let rise minimum 24 hours .

it will store in refrigerator about 2 weeks or in freezer for 6
months .

starter can be kept going by adding flour and water 2:1 as necessary .

yield : 1 servings




biscotti di pratto

breads , italian

1/4 cup almonds , blanched
3/4 cup almonds , whole unblanched
4 eggs , divided
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
2 1/4 cup flour
1 cup sugar , white
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 pinch salt

preheat oven to 350 degrees . on a baking sheet , roast blanched and
unblanched almonds until blanched almonds start to brown , shaking pan
occasionally ; 5 to 8 minutes . remove blanched almonds , place in
blender container and grind until it turns to powder . set aside .
meanwhile , return whole almonds to oven 2 to 3 minutes longer . remove
and chop whole almonds roughly with knife , leaving large chunks . set
aside . turn oven down to 300 degrees . grease baking sheet & dust with
flour ; set aside . in a small bowl , beat 3 eggs , vanilla & extract . in
large bowl , mix together flour , sugar , baking soda , salt and ground
almonds . make a well in the center and add the eggs , blending to
gradually incor- porate all of flour mixture . you should have a stiff
dough . if it is too stiff to hold together , add a little water . add
the crushed almonds and knead them evenly into the dough . divide
dough into 3 portions . form each into a long log , rounded or slightly
oval ( about 1 1/2 inches in dia- meter ) . it will flatten as it bakes .
place on prepared baking sheet . bake 45 - 50 minutes . remove from
oven and let rest 5 minutes . turn oven down to 275 degrees . with a
serrated knife , cut logs into 3/4 '' slices . ( note : unlike slicing a
loaf of bread , straight across its width , cut biscotti on a 45 degree
angle . ) lay slices flat on 2 baking sheets . return to oven for 20 -
25 minutes , turning slices 1/2 way through baking time . remove from
oven ; allow to cool completely before sealing in containers . they
will stay fresh up to 1 month .

yield : 6 dozen




mississippi cornbread robert

breads

2 cup stoneground white cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
2 cup buttermilk
1/3 cup bacon drippings or crisco

preheat oven to 450 degrees f. place bacon drippings or crisco in
9-inch cast iron skillet . heat skillet in oven until fat is smoking
hot , while preparing batter . ( this should take no more than 5-10
minutes . ) thoroughly combine cornmeal , baking soda , and salt in
medium bowl . add eggs and buttermilk all at once . blend thoroughly ,
using wire whisk . slowly pour all but 1 tablespoon of hot fat into
batter , continuing to beat quickly with whisk to incorporate fat .
turn skillet around to coat sides and bottom thoroughly with
remaining fat . pour batter into skillet . bake on top rack of oven for
25-30 minutes , or until top of cornbread is firm . turn cornbread onto
plate and slip back into skillet upside-down . return to oven for 5
minutes . turn out onto rack , cut into 6 wedges and serve immediately .

yield : 6 servings




crazy pizza

breads , pizza , italian , beef , hamburger

-- -- topping -- --
1 1/2 lb ground beef
1 cup chopped green pepper
1/2 cup chopped onion
1 can mushrooms , sliced , drained
1 can pizza sauce
1 cup grated mozzarella cheese
-- -- batter -- --
1 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon pepper
2 eggs
2/3 cup milk

brown meat and pepper together and drain greas . prepare batter and
pour into a greased pixxa pan . tilt pan so batter covers the bottom .
arrange mat mixture , onion , and mushrooms over batter . bake at 425
for 20 minutes or until golden brown . remove from oven and add pizza
sauce and cheese . return to oven for 10 mor minutes or until cheese
melts .

naturally other toppings may be added or substituted .

bumgarner family recipes submitted by jeane braun

posted by bud cloyd

yield : 1 servings




pratie oaten

breads , irish

3 large potatoes
1 cup rolled oats ; uncooked
1/2 cup butter ; melted
1 teaspoon salt
1 bacon fat

bring a pot of water to a boil . dump in the unpeeled potatoes and
boil until tender . mash them . allow them to cool for about 10
minutes , and mix in the oats to form a soft dough . add the melted
butter and salt and mix in well . roll out on a floured surface to
about 1 inch thickness , and then cut out with a 2 inch round biscuit
cutter . fry in a little bacon fat until golden brown on both sides .

source : irish country cooking by malachi mccormick , 1988
posted by grant ames
fidonet cooking echo

yield : 8 cakes




pumpkin bread ( m_c-tx )

breads

3 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
3 cup sugar
4 eggs
1 cup nuts
2 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 can pumpkin ( 2 cups )
1 cup oil
2/3 cup water

sift dry ingredients in a bowl . mix well . add other ingredients and
beat . bake 350 for approximately 1 hour . makes 3 loaves .

yield : 30 servings




bagels

breads

4 1/2 to 5 cups all-purpose flour
3 tablespoon bs sugar
1 tablespoon bs salt
2 active yeast
2 tablespoon bs margarine
1 tablespoon bs sugar
1 egg white
1 water

mix 1 1/2 cups flour , 3 tbs sugar , 1 tbs salt and yeast .

heat 1 1/2 cups water and margarine to 120-130 degrees . add to dry
ingredients ; beat 2 minutes at medium speed . add 1/2 cup flour ; beat
at high speed 2 minutes . stir in more flour to make a stiff dough . on
floured board , knead 8-10 minutes . set in greased bowl ; turn to
grease top . cover ; let rise in warm , draft-free place 1 hour .

punch dough down . cover ; let rest 15 minutes . in a large skillet
heat 1-inch water over medium low heat to a simmer ; add remaining
sugar and salt .

divide dough into 12 pieces ; shape 3 pieces into smooth balls . with
floured finger , poke a 1-inch hole in each . drop bagels into
simmering water . cook 3 minutes . turn and cook 2 minutes . turn again ;
cook 1 minute more . drain on towels . repeat shaping and cooking rest
of dough .

place on greased baking sheet . mix egg white and 1 tbs water ; brush
on bagels . sprinkle with coarse salt , sesame , caraway or poppy seed
if desired . bake at 375 degrees for 20-25 minutes . remove from
sheets . cool .

fleischmann 's

yield : 4 servings




quick garlic bread

breads

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup warm water
4 large garlic cloves , pressed
2 1/2 cup white flour

in a bowl , mix yeast with water . add salt & garlic . beat in as much
flour as you need until the dough forms a cohesive ball . spoon the
dough into a loaf pan . let rise till the dough reaches the top of the
pan . preheat oven to 350f & bake for 1 hour .

yield : 1 loaf




double apricot bread

appetizers , breads

-- -- from : jan copeland , arizona -- --
1 can apricot halves 16oz ( drain )
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/4 cup sugar
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
2 each eggs ( beaten )
1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoon cooking oil
1 cup snipped dried apricots

in a blender container or food processor bowl blend or process canned
apricot halves till smooth . set aside . in a large bowl combine
all-purpose flour , whole wheat flour , sugar , bakin powder , salt and
pumpkin pie spice . in anlther bowl combien eggw , the apricot puree ,
milk and cooking oil . add to flour mixture , stiring just till
combined . stir in dried apricots . pour into two greased 8x4x2-inch
loaf pans . bake in a 350 degree oven 45 to 50 minutes or till a
toothpick inserted near center comes out clean . cool in pans 10
minutes . remove from pans . cool completely . slice and serve . makes 2
loaves .

nutrition information per serving : 186 cal ( 15 % from fat ) , 3 g fat ,
245 mg chol . 3 g pro. , 37 g carbo . 2 g dietary fiber , 187 mg sodium ,
u.s. rda : 12 % vit . a , 13 % thiamine .

from the kitchen of : gary & margie hartford , eugene , or ( 1:152/19 )
10/93 from : better homes and gardens , test kitchen ( march , 1991 )

yield : 18 servings




honey wheat germ bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
2 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm water
2 tablespoon brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup flour
1 1/4 cup scalded milk , cooled to warm
1/4 cup honey
2 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup wheat germ
3 1/2 cup white flour

makes 2 large loaves or 3 small loaves . in a large mixing bowl combine
yeast , water , brown sugar , salt and the 1/2 cup of flour . beat until
smooth . cover and let stand in warm place 15 minutes . add to this
mixture the scalded milk , honey , salt , whole wheat flour and wheat
germ . beat 2 minutes with electric mixer and gradually stir in about
3 1/2 cups white flour . form into smooth ball on floured surface .
cover with bowl and let rest 10 minutes . knead thoroughly and divide
into 2 or 3 balls . cover with bowl and let rest again . shape each
ball into a loaf and place in 2 well-greased standard loaf pans or 3
8x4-inch pans . cover and let rise in warm place 45-60 minutes , or
until doubled in bulk . bake at 375 f for 35-40 minutes .

colorado cache cookbook ( 1978 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




sunflower-millet bread

breads , alaska , fiddlehead , millet

2 teaspoon dry yeast ( 2 packages )
2 cup warm water ( 100-115^f )
1/4 cup honey
1/2 cup millet
1/2 cup unsalted sunflower seeds
1 cup unbleached white flour
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon safflower oil
2 1/2 cup plus 1/2 cup whole wheat
1 flour

1 . in a large mixing bowl or the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a
dough hook , sprinkle yeast over warm water . allow to `` bloom '' for 5 minutes ,
until yeast is active and bubbly .

2 . add honey , millet , sunflower seeds , and white flour . mix thoroughly
until batter is smooth . add 2 cups whole wheat flour and beat for 10
minutes .

3 . cover loosely with a clean , damp towel . set in a warm draft- free place
and allow to rise until doubled in bulk , about 30 minutes .

4 . add salt , oil and 2.1/2 cups whole wheat flour . knead together until
dough forms a smooth , springy , soft ball that comes cleanly away from bowl
or table . add additional flour by tablespoons only as needed .

5 . liberally oil a large bowl and place dough in it , turning dough so that
it becomes lightly oiled on all sides . cover loosely and let sit in a warm
spot until doubled in bulk and the dough does not spring back when lightly
touched .

6 . preheat the oven to 400 degrees and place rack in lower third of oven .
oil two 8 or 9 inch loaf pans .

7 . punch down dough . turn out onto a lightly floured surface and cut in
half . form each half into a smooth ball by gently kneading outer edges into
center . allow to rest 5 minutes . form each ball into a loaf by flattening
dough into a 12 x 8 x 1.1/2 inch thick rectangle . beginning from narrow
end , roll up tightly , pinch seam closed , and place , seam side down , in loaf
pan . cover loosely and allow to rise until doubled in bulk , or until
slightly higher than edges of pans .

8 . bake for 30 minutes , until golden brown and hollow sounding when tapped
on bottom . remove from oven and turn out onto racks to cool . when cooled ,
wrap tightly and store at room temperature for up to 2 days , or freeze for
future use .

from the cookie lady 's files

~end recipe export-

yield : 2 loaves




pineapple cheese bread

breads

2 cup flour
3/4 cup sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup undrained crushed pineapple
1 egg beaten
1 tablespoon veg . oil
1/2 cup mild cheddar cheese grated
1/2 cup walnuts optional

blend and sift dry ingredients combine pineapple , egg and oil and add
to dry mixture . fold in cheese and walnuts . pour into greased loaf
pan and let sit 10 min . bake in 350 oven 45 - 50 min . or until tooth
pick comes out clean when tested with it .

yield : 6 servings




regina 's cheddar biscuits

biscuits

1 1/2 lb flour
1/4 cup baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 lb butter
3/4 lb margarine
1 1/2 cup grated cheddar cheese
1 1/2 cup buttermilk

mix together the flour , baking powder , salt and sugar in a large
stainless-steel or glass bowl . cut butter and margarine into large
cubes and , using your hands , work into flour mixture until size of
large peas . then add cheese and buttermilk to make a soft dough . on a
well floured surface , roll out dough to 3/4-inch thickness ; cut with
a 2-inch biscuit cutter . ( will keep for up to 24 hours in the
refrigerator before baking . ) bake at 350f until golden brown . makes
about 30 biscuits . per biscuit : 165 calories , 3 g protein , 8 g
carbohydrate , 14 g fat ( 5 g saturated ) , 15 mg cholesterol , 348 mg
sodium , 0 g fiber . from the san francisco chronicle , 6/29/92 . posted
by stephen ceideberg ; february 24 1993 .

yield : 1 servings




irish beer bread

breads , irish , beer , guinness , stout

2 cup self rising flour
3 teaspoon sugar
3 teaspoon butter
12 oz guiness
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

preheat oven to 350 . note- beer must be room temperature .

sift flour , sugar , and soda . mix beer , egg , and melted butter . mix with dry
ingredients . grease loaf pan . bake 15 minutes turn pan and bake 15 more .
check with toothpick .

from : micheal gordan
limerick junction pub and club
1296 first street
sarasota , florida

source : chef du jour
strawberry press

richard sienkiewicz genie r.sienkiewic

~end recipe export-

yield : 1 loaf




golden honey braid

breads

1/2 to 3/4 cup warm water
4 tablespoon honey
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/8 teaspoon ground saffron , optional
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup golden raisins , optional
1 honey

makes 1 loaf

combine 1/4 cup of the water , 1 tablespoon of the honey , yeast and
saffron , if desired . stir to dissolve yeast and let stand until
bubbly , about 5 minutes .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , oil , remaining 3
tablespoons of the honey and salt into work bowl . process until mixed ,
about 15 seconds .

add yeast mixture to flour mixture . process until blended , about 10
seconds .

turn on processor and very slowly drizzle just enough remaining water
through feed tube into flour mixture so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl . process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times . turn off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

turn dough onto lightly floured surface . knead raisins into dough , if
desired . shape into ball and place in lightly greased bowl , turning
to grease all sides . cover loosely with plastic wrap and let stand in
warm place until doubled , about 1 hour .

punch down dough . divide dough into 3 equal parts . shape each part
into strand 20 inches long . braid strands loosely together and place
on greased cookie sheet or in greased 2 quart ring mold or tube pan .
cover loosely with plastic wrap and let stand in warm place until
almost doubled , about 45 minutes .

heat oven to 350 f. bake until golden and loaf sounds hollow when
tapped , 30 - 40 minutes .

remove immediately from cookie sheet or pan and place on wire rack .
brush honey over crust . cool .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




sarah 's pizza crust

breads , ethnic

1 tablespoon yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees
3 cup flour

disolve yeast and sugar in water . stir in flour 1/2 cup at a time .
knead 10 mins or so . rise . punch down , rest 10 mins . pat into lightly
oiled pizza pan . finish as usual .

yield : 1 servings




persimmon date nut bread

breads

1/4 cup + 2 tb butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup persimmon pulp
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cloves
1 cup chopped dates
1 cup chopped nuts

cream butter , gradually add sugar , beating well . add eggs , 1 at a
time , beating well after each addition .

combine pulp and soda . let stand until soda is dissolved . add to
creamed mixture , blending well .

combine next ingredients , gradually adding to batter . beat well . stir
in dates and nuts . pour into greased loaf pan .

bake at 350 degrees for 40 to 60 minutes , or until pick comes out
clean .

yield : 1 loaf




orange molasses bread

breads

3/4 cup sugar
4 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon soda
3 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/3 cup coarsely chopped nuts
1 cup evaporated milk
2 tablespoon grated orange rind
3/4 cup orange juice
3 tablespoon melted shortening
3/4 cup unsulphured molasses

from : arizona cookbook

sif together flour , sugar , soda , baking powder , and salt . add nuts .
combine evaporated milk , orange rind , orange juice , shortening , and
molasses . add to flour mixture all at once . stir just to blend . turn
into a greased and wax-paper lined 9x5x3 loaf pan . bake at 325 for
one hour and 15 minutes . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 servings




bannock - scottish

breads , canadian

1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup rolled oats
2 tablespoon sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon baking powder salt
2 tablespoon butter , melted
1/3 cup raisins ; optional water ; approx ,

`` bannock , a simple type of scone was cooked in pioneer days over open
fires . variations in flours and the additional of dried or fresh
fruit make this bread the simple choice of canadian campers even
today . oven baking has become an acceptable alternative to the cast
iron frypan . mckelvie 's restaurant in halifax serves an oatmeal
version similar to this one . for plain bannock , omit rolled oats and
increase the all purpose flour to 1 cup ... . one of the earliest quick
breads , bannock was as simple as flour , salt , a bit of fat ( often
bacon grease ) and water . in gold rush days , dough was mixed right in
the prospector 's flour bag and cooked in a frypan over an open fire .
indians wrapped a similar dough around sticks driven into the ground
beside their camp fire , baking it along with freshly caught fish .
today 's native _fried bread_ is like bannock and cooked in a skillet .
newfoundlander 's _damper dogs_ are small rounds of dough cooked on
the stove 's dampers while _toutons_ are similar bits of dough deep
fried . at a promotional luncheon for the 1992 inuit circumpolar
conference , eskimo doughnuts , deep fried rings of bannock dough , were
served . it is said that inuit children prefer these `` doughnuts '' to
sweet cookies .
red river settlers from scotland made a frugal bannock with lots of
flour , little sugar and drippings or lard . now this same bread plays a
prominent part in winnipeg 's own folklorama festival .
at expo '86 in vancouver , buffalo on bannock buns was a popular
item at the north west territories ' restaurant . in many regions of
canada , whole wheat flour or wheat germ replaces part of the flour
and cranberries or blueberries are sometimes added . a saskatchewan
firm markets a bannock mix , and recipe books from coast to coast
upgrade bannock with butter , oatmeal , raisins , cornmeal and dried
fruit . ''

stir together flours , oats , sugar , baking powder and salt . add melted
butter , raisins ( if using ) and water , adding more water if needed to
make sticky dough . with floured hands , pat into greased pie plate .
bake in 400f oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until browned and tester
comes out clean . cut into wedges . serves:6 variations : in place of
raisins add chopped dried apricots or fresh berries . ( blueberries are
terrific if one is camping in northern ontario in august . )

source : `` the first decade '' chapter in _a century of canadian home
cooking_

yield : 6 servings




irish soda bread

breads , ethnic

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup unsalted butter ( 1 stick )
1 cup raisins
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 large egg
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup sour cream

preheat oven to 350 degrees . butter a 9-inch round cake pan . sift
together the dry ingredients . using a food processor with the steel
blade or a pastry cutter , cut the butter into the flour mixture until
it resembles small peas . blend in the raisins and caraway seeds .
beat the egg , buttermilk , and sour cream together until blended . stir
the egg mixture into the dry mixture just until blended . transfer
the batter to the pan and bake for about 50 to 55 minutes , until a
toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean . makes 1 round
loaf .

from the novel the cereal murders by diane mott davidson .

formatted for mm by pegg seevers 7/11/94

yield : 1 loaf




soda bread ( irish whisky soda )

breads

-- -- bread -- --
4 cup flour , all purpose
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup butter , chilled
1 cup raisins or currants ( option )
1/2 cup honey , liquid
1/4 cup irish whisky or buttermilk
-- -- glaze -- --
2 teaspoon irish whisky
2 ilk

bread : in large bowl , combine flour , salt and baking soda . with
pastry blender or two knives , cut in butter until mixture resembles
coarse crumbs . stir in raisins or currants ( if using ) . in separate
bowl , combine buttermilk , honey and whisky . add all at once to dry
ingredients ; stir just until no dry spots remain . turn dough out onto
lightly floured surface . knead lightly 1 minute ( too much handling
will toughen loaves , while too little will inhibit rising . ) divide
dough in half and shape each half into an 8 in ( 20 cm ) round . place
in two greased 8 in ( 1.2 l ) round cake pans . with floured knife , cut
a cross 1/2 in deep in each loaf.
glaze : in small bowl , combine whisky and milk . brush loaves with
glaze .
bake in 350f ( 180c ) oven 35 to 40 minutes or until loaves sound
hollow when tapped on bottoms . remove from pans ; let cool on wire
racks . cut into wedges .

yield : 8 servings




pork stew with cornmeal dumplings

breads , main dish , meats , pot roast

1 1/2 lb pork roast ; shoulder , bnlss
1 garlic clove ; minced
1 tablespoon oil
5 medium carrots ; cut 1/2 pieces
3 medium potatoes ; peeled & cubed
1 1/2 cup water
1/4 cup tapioca ; quick-cooking
1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon thyme ; dry and crushed
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg ; ground
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 can tomatoes ; cut-up , ( 28oz )
-- -- cornmeal dumplings -- --
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup cheddar cheese
1/3 cup cornmeal ; yellow
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 dash pepper
1 egg ; beaten
2 tablespoon milk
2 tablespoon oil
2 tablespoon cheddar cheese ; shredded

cut pork into 1 '' cubes . in a large skillet brown pork and garlic in
hot oil . drain well . meanwhile , in crockpot combine carrots ,
potatoes , water , tapioca , sugar , worcestershire sauce , bay leaves ,
thyme , salt , nutmeg , and pepper . stir in browned meat and undrained
tomatoes . cover ; cook on low-heat setting for 9-11 hours or on
high-heat setting for 4-5 hours . if stew was cooked on low-heat
setting , turn crockery cooker to high-heat setting . prepare cormeal
dumplings . remove bay leaves . stir stew ; drop dumplings by
tablespoonfuls onto stew . cover ; cook for 50 minutes more ( do not
lift cover ) . sprinkle dumplings with cheese . dumplings : in a medium
mixing bowl stir together flour , cheddar cheese , cornmeal , baking
powder , and pepper . combine beaten egg , milk , and oil . add to flour
mixture ; stir with a fork just till combined . use in pork stew with
cornmeal dumplings , above .

yield : 6 servings




oatmeal butter crackers

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup rolled oats ( oatmeal )
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
6 tablespoon ( 3/4 stick ) butter or margarine , me ; lted and cooled
1/2 cup milk

preheat the oven to 325~ f. `` crunchy and nutty , these crackers make a
nutritious snack . put your feet up after a hard day 's work and enjoy
a few with a glass of fresh lemonade .

325~ f 20 to 25 minutes

stir together the flour , oats , salt , and sugar in a large bowl or in
the food processor . cut in the butter until the mixture resembles
coarse meal . blend in enough of the milk to form a dough that will
hold together in a cohesive ball .

divid the dough into 2 equal portions for rolling . on a floured
surface or pastry cloth , roll as thin as possible , to about 1/16 inch
thick . using a spatula , rolling pin , or your hands , transfer the
rolled dough gently onto a large baking sheet .

with a sharp knife , score the dough into 2-inch squares without
cutting all the way throug the dough . prick each square 2 or 3 times
with the tines of a fork .

bake for 20 to 25 minutes , turning over after 15 minutes , until
crisp . cool on a rack . break into individual crackers when cool .
yield : 50-60 . converted by mmconv vers . 1.40

yield : 60 servings




biscuits

biscuits

2 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup plus 2 tbs shortening
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

mix the flour , baking powder , sugar , and salt in a medium
bowl . cut in the shortening with a pastry blender or a
fork until the mixture resembles a coarse meal . stir the
baking soda into the buttermilk , and allow to sit for two
or three minutes . stir the buttermilk into the flour
mixture ( with a spoon , not a mixer ) . the dough should be
very wet .

turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface . knead
two or three times to get the lumps out . the dough will
be very sticky , but be very careful not to knead in too
much flour .

pat the dough out to about 1/2 inch thick . cut with
biscuit cutter or small round cookie cutter ( i use an old
8 oz tomato sauce can with both ends cut out ) and arrange
on a greased cookie sheet . bake at 450 degrees for 10 to
12 minutes , or until the biscuits are lightly browned .

serve immediately with lots of butter and molasses ! from the cookie
lady 's files

~end recipe export-

yield : 24 biscuits




mrs field 's cookie recipe

biscuits

2 cup butter
2 cup sugar
2 cup brown sugar
4 large eggs
2 tablespoon vanilla
4 cup flour
5 cup oatmeal
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon baking soda
24 oz chocolate chips
9 oz hersheybar [ grated ]
3 cup chopped nuts [ your choice ]

first put small amounts of oatmeal into blender until it turns to
powder .

1 ] cream togeather butter , brown sugar , and sugar , and then add
the eggs and vanilla ...

2 ] mix togeather flour , oatmeal powder , salt , baking powder , and
the baking soda ...

3 ] add the sugar/butter mix to the flour , then add the chocolate
chips , grated `` hershey '' bar and the nuts ...

4 ] make into golf ball size portions and place 2 '' inches apart
on an ungreased cookie sheet and bake at 350 for 8 to 10 min ...

reproduced for you by fred goslin in watertown ny on cyberealm bbs
( 315 ) -785-8098

yield : 112 cookiess




southern cornbread

breads

2 tablespoon oil or shortening
2 cup white cornmeal
2 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk
1 egg

heat oil in a 9-inch cast iron skillet in the oven at 450f .

mix together the dry ingredients . combine egg and buttermilk and
stir into the dry ingredients .

swirl hot skillet until inside is coated with oil . pour batter into
the hot pan . bake 20 to 25 minutes or until browned . invert over a
plate and cut into wedges .

yield : 6 servings




traditional pizza dough 1

breads , ethnic

1/4 cup water ( 110 to 115 f . )
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees f . )
1 tablespoon olive oil ( room temperature )
1 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1 additional flour
1 additional water

hand method :

pour the first 1/4 cup of water into a medium bowl and add the
sugar and salt , stirring to dissolve the sugar . sprinkle the yeast
over the water mixture , stirring once to blend and let sit for 5
minutes until the top is bubbly and the yeast has bloomed . stir in
the remaining warm water and the oil . place the flour in a large
bowl and add the water and oil mixture to it . stir , adding enough
flour to make a soft dough that will pull away from the sides of the
bowl . if it is too dry , add a little water a tbls at a time .

turn the dough out on a well-floured work surface , sprinkle the top
with a little additional flour . knead until it become very springy ,
elastic and very smooth . it should be light in weight , if it is
heavy , you have use too much flour and it will not raise properly .
form into a smooth ball and let rest on the work surface while you
wash and clean the large bowl . spray with a non-stick spray . put the
ball of dough into the bowl and turn it over to get some of the spray
on the top . cover with plastic wrap or a warm , damp , clean dishtowel .
let the dough rise in a warm , draft free place until double in
volume , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours .

if the dough rises before you are ready , punch it down in the bowl by
kneading making sure all of the air is gone . turn it over and reshape
it into a ball and let rise again . if the top is dry , use a little
olive oil to grease it . you can punch the dough down and cover the
bowl and keep the dough refrigerated for up to two days before
letting it rise at room temperature .

for a thin , crisp pizza crust punch the dough down and turn out and
spread over a pizza pan or baking sheet or a bakers peel . cover with
filling and topping , baking at once .

for thicker , softer pizza crust punch the dough down and turn out
shaping as above and then cover lightly with a clean dishtowel . let
rise about 30 minutes before covering with filling and topping .

makes enough dough for one 12 to 14 inch round pizza , two 7 to 8-
inch round pizzas or one oblong pizza , or one dozen appetizer-sized
pizzas .

from pizza cookery by ceil dyer .

yield : 1 servings




fraser canyon bannock

breads

1 cup flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 tablespoon brown sugar
2 tablespoon lard
2/3 cup water

mix together dry ingredients ; cut in lard with a pastry blender until
mixture resembles fine crumbs . sprikle water over pastry , a little at
a time , stirring with a fork until mixture forms a soft dough . turn
dough out onto a light floured board . knead about 10 times . roll out
to 1/2 inch thick circle ; place on a greased baking sheet . bake at
450 for 10-15 minutes until golden . cut in wedges and serve hot with
butter .

** this is the city slicker method , now on to the `` native '' method ,
the one that native indians used long before the white man came to
the caribou . *

same ingredients . put in bowl and mix with hands until thoroughly
combined . work with dough until it feels soft and satiny , about 3-5
minutes . take handful of dough and pat between palms until you get a
saucer sized form . wrap around sturdy stick and cook over open camp
fire until golden brown . can be eaten alone , broken in pieces and
buttered and jammed , or if you want to get fancy , stuff with cooked
ground beef mixture . the best way to eat it is at night when the kids
have gone to bed , and you are sitting around the campfire swapping
horror stories . eat it plain , it is fantastic .

origin : recipes of british columbia , canada , book . shared by : sharon
stevens aug/91 ( native method from friend )

yield : 6 servings




peanut butter cookies ( crisco )

biscuits

1/2 cup shortening
1 cup peanut butter ( creamy )
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar ( firmly packed )
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 egg
1 tablespoon milk
1 1/4 cup flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt

1 . heat oven to 375f .

2 . cream together ; shortening , peanut butter , both sugars and
vanilla . beat with electric mixer at medium speed for one minute . add
egg and milk . beat until well blended .

3 . combine flour , baking soda , baking powder , and salt and add to
creamed mixture . mix well .

4 . drop rounded tablespoons of dough onto ungreased cookie sheet .
flatten in crisscross pattern with fork dipped in flour . bake fo 8 to
10 minutes . cool 2 minutes then remove cookies from cookie sheet onto
a cooling rack .

makes 2 dozen cookies .

source : crisco

typed for you by lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny .

yield : 24 servings




easy but good bread

breads

1 x no ingredients

mix 2c flour with 1 t salt ( i use 1/2 whole wheat flour and adjust
water )

scald 1/2 c milk . add in 1 1/2 c boiling water and let cool to
lukewarm .

dissolve 1 package yeast in 1/4 c lukewarm water .

add the dissolved yeast to the milk/water and add to the dry
ingredients , along with 1 t sugar and 1 1/2 t oil .

mix well but do n't knead .

cover and let rise until almost doubled in bulk .

punch down . form into two sort of flat shapes . roll each ( sort of
jellyroll like ) into two loaves . they 'll be a little longer and
thinner than average bread . cover and let rise again until almost
doubled in bulk , or until a finger indentation does n't disappear
after a few minutes .

place on oiled cookie sheet . place a pie pan with 1/2 `` of boiling
water on the bottom of the oven .

bake 15 minutes at 400 and 30 minutes at 350 .

you know it 's done when it sounds hollow when tapped on crust .

yield : 1 servings




cheese biscuits

breads

1/4 lb cheddar cheese , grated
1/4 lb butter or oleo
1 1/4 cup flour
1 pinch of salt

grate cheese and cream with butter . add flour , salt and sugar ;
chill . make into tiny biscuits , put 1/2 pecan on top of each . bake at
400 f. for 10 minutes . reduce heat to 350 for 10 minutes . courtesy
telephone pioneers billspalding *p crbr 38 a

yield : 1 servings




oregon hazelnut potato biscuits

breads

1/2 lb butter
2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper
1 cup mashed potatoes
3/4 cup chopped oregon hazelnuts
-- -- egg glaze -- --
1 egg yolk
1 teaspoon water

blend butter , flour , baking powder , garlic , salt and pepper to form
crumbly mixture . add potatoes and mix quickly . mix in hazelnuts .
after a few minutes , roll dough on floured board , fold once and chill
for 20 minutes . knead , roll and chill three more times .

heat oven to 375 . roll out dough to 1 '' thick . cut into 1-1/2 '' rounds .
criss-cross top of biscuits with knife blade , then brush with egg
yolk and water mixture . place on greased baking sheet and bake for 20
to 30 minutes . biscuits are done when they 're shiny gold .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 12 biscuits




cranberry orange nut bread

breads , quick & easy , cranberry

-- -- kay burger xwsf96a -- --
2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 cup sugar
1 orange ; grate rind , juice
2 tablespoon oil
10 tablespoon buttermilk
1 egg
1/2 cup nuts ; chopped
1 cup raw cranberries ; chopped , or coasely grou

sift together flour , salt , baking powder , soda and sugar . grate
rind of the orange , extract the juice , and add 2 tablespoons melted
shortening , or salad oil , and buttermilk to make 3/4 cup liquid . beat
egg well , combine with above liquid , and add to the dry ingredients .
add chopped nuts and raw cranberries , chopped or coarsely ground . mix
well . pour in greased loaf pan . bake 325~ for 1 hour . store 24 hours
in refrigerator before cutting .

great for the holidays ! kay .

yield : 1 servings




sally lunn bread

breads

2 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg dry quick-rising yeast
3 eggs
4 cup flour

makes 2 loaves

scald the milk , or bring it almost to a simmer , and add the butter ,
sugar , and salt . let cool until tepid or just warm . dissolve the
yeast in 1/4 cup of tepid water . using your electric mixer , if you
have a powerful one , beat the eggs and then add teh milk mixture , the
yeast water , and finally the flour . beat until very smooth , about 5
minutes .

leave the dough in the mixing bowl and allow it to rise for one half
hour . beat it down with the mixer just for a moment and then allow it
to rise again . do this a total of 3 times and then put the dough in
2 large greased bread pans . allow to rise to double in bulk and then
bake in a preheated 375 f oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour . ; the bread
should be light and have a nice crust .

the frugal gourmet cooks american from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 2 servings




chocolate mint bread : : : gwhp32a

breads

1 pkg yeast
2 1/2 cup better for bread flour
1/2 cup wheat flour
1 tablespoon gluten
1/4 cup instant nonfat dry milk
3 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoon white creme de menthe
1 cup very warm water ; + 1 tb .
1 cup mint-chocolate morsels

add all ingredients ( except chocolate morsels ) into the pan in the
order listed . select white bread and push `` start . '' add the chocolate
at the `` beep , '' 88 minutesinto the cycle . ( 33 minutes with dak turbo
ii ) for a funtastic dessert or sweet treat , spread quarter-round
slices with cream cheese blended with the syrup from green maraschino
cherries plus a few drops of mint extract then top with a halved
cherry . shared by barb day

yield : 1 servings




nutcracker apricot muffins

breads

1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup brown sugar -- packed
1 10 oz jar apricot preserves
1/2 cup milk
2 eggs
2 2/3 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup chopped nuts

beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy . blend in preserves ,
milk and eggs . add combined dry ingredients , mixing just until
moistened . stir in nuts . spoon into greased and floured medium-sized
muffin pans , filling each cup 2/3 full . bake at 350 degrees for 25 -
30 minutes or until lightly browned .

recipe by : rhapsody of recipes ( chattanooga symphony youth
orchestra )

yield : 18 servings




babkas # 1

breads , ethnic

3/4 cup butter , soft
1/2 cup sugar
10 egg yolks
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon lemon rind
1 cup milk , room temperature
5 1/2 cup flour
1 cup golden raisins
1 confectioner 's sugar

in large bowl , cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy . beat in
yolk , one at a time , until pale and fluffy . in small bowl , soften
yeast in water , beat in egg mix salt , peel , milk and yeast . slowly beat
in 5 1/2 cups of flour until a soft dough forms . turn out on lightly
floured work surface , knead 8-10 minutes , until smooth and elastic .
knead in raisins . place in greased bowl . grease top . let rise 1 hour ,
or until doubled in bulk . punch down , divide in half . place in 2
greased and floured 8 inch fluted pans , let rise until double in
bulk ( covered ) bake in 350 f oven 25-30 minutes , or until well
browned . invert on rack . sprinkle with confectioner 's sugar . tastes
better eaten within a couple of days . two babkas , 10 servings each .

yield : 2 servings




spicy strawberry nut loaf

breads , desserts , fruits

2 cup fresh strawberries , sliced
3 cup all-purpose flour , sifted
2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
4 eggs , beaten
1 1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup pecans , chopped

in a large mixing bowl , sift together flour , sugar , salt , soda and
spices . in a separate smaller bowl , blend eggs and oil , then
gradually stir into dry ingredients alternately with strawberries .
stir in nuts . pour batter into two greased , floured pans . bake in
preheated 350 oven 45-50 minutes .

yield : 2 loaves




potato roti

breads , indian , bakery

3 each potatoes , peeled
2 each green chiles , chopped
1 teaspoon crushed red chiles
1 tablespoon cilantro
1 1/2 teaspoon mango powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon oil
5 oz white flour
1 oil , for frying
1 flour , for dusting

boil potatoes , drain & mash . stir in the chiles , cilantro , mango
powder , salt & oil . gradually stir in the flour to form a soft
dough . divide into 6 pieces & roll out into 5 '' rounds . set aside .

heat a griddle , place a roti on the griddle , drop about 1 ts oil
around the edges & lift them gently so the oil slips under the roti .
pour another ts oil onto the roti & gently turn over .

when lightly browned , remove & set aside . cook all the rolls in this
way & serve hot .

shehzad husain , `` vegetarian indian cookery ''

yield : 4 servings




quiche crusts

breads , rice

-- -- rice crust -- --
1 1/2 cup cooked brown rice
2 tablespoon butter ; softened
2 tablespoon chopped onion
1/4 teaspoon basil
1 egg ; slightly beaten

combine ingredients . press into bottom and sides of greased 9 '' pie
plate . use any quiche filling . tuna tastes especially good in this
crust . protein : 12.5 grams ; calories : 570

these are all from the _whole foods for the whole family cookbook_ .

from : sandra may refer # : none conf : ( 1010 ) f-cooking

yield : 1 servings




oatmeal burger buns

breads , vegetarian

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1/4 cup molasses
4 tablespoon dairy free margarine
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup brown sugar
2 cup oatmeal ( uncooked )
1 cup boiling water
1 cup cool water
2 cup whole wheat flour
2 1/2 cup unbleached white flour

measure 1/4 cup warm water and stir yeast and 1 tablespoon of the
molasses in the water . let stand until bubbly .

meanwhile , in a large bowl , combine margarine , remaining molasses ,
salt , brown sugar , oatmeal and the boiling water , stirring until
margarine melts .

add cool water and yeast to above mixture . beat in 4 cups of the
flour , 1 cup at a time .

turn out the dough onto a floured board and knead until smooth ,
about 5 minutes , adding more flour as needed to prevent sticking .
turn dough over in a greased bowl ; cover and let rise ina warm place
until doubled ( about 1 hour ) .

punch dough down and divide into 16 equalpieces . shape each piece
into a smooth ball . place balls about 2 inches apart on greased
baking sheets and flatten slightly . cover and let rise in a warm
place until doubled ( 30 or 40 minutes . )

bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until lightly browned , about 20
minutes .

note : this recipe can be shaped into 2 loaves and placed in greased
9 x 5-inch loaf pans . allow to rise until double and bake in a 350
degree oven about 40 minutes or until bread sounds hollow when tapped
on bottom .

recipe by shirley wilkes-johnson

yield : 16 servings




ww apple muffins ( no fat )

breads , weight watcher

1/2 cup applesauce
1/2 cup apples ; diced
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon cloves
2 eggs
6 tablespoon flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup powdered milk
10 pkg sweet and low
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup carrots ; grated

mix all ingredients . spray muffin tin with pam . divide equally . bake
at 350 f. for 25 minutes . makes 12 muffins which is tw0 servings of
six ( yes 6 ) muffins each . for each six ( 6 ) muffins the following
counts apply : 1 bread , 1 fruit , 1 milk , 1 protein and 1/4 vegetable .
this recipe is no fat . you may substitute egg beaters for the eggs
and equal for the sweet and low . freeze well .

yield : 2 servings




old time cornbread

breads , londontowne

2 each eggs
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 cup cornmeal
3 tablespoon lard , melted
1 cup flour

beat eggs , milk , and lard together . add remaining ingredients and mix
well . pour into greased 11 '' x 7 '' x 2 '' and bake in hot ( 400 ) oven
about 30 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




white crackers

breads , quick bread

2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt ; approximately
2 tablespoon butter ; chilled
2/3 cup milk , plus droplets more if needed

recipe by : the fannie farmer cookbook preheat oven to 425f . use
ungreased cookie sheets . combine flour , sugar , and 1/2 teaspoon salt
in a mixing bowl . stir the dry ingredients to blend well . cut the
butter into small pieces and add the the dry mixture . using either
your fingertips or a pastry cutter , cut the bits of butter into the
dry mixture until it looks like fine crumbs . slowly stir in the
milk , adding enough so the dough pulls away from the sides of the
bowl . add a few drops more if the dough seems dry -- it should be
soft and pliable , not wet and sticky . divide the dough in half .
lightly dust a surface with flour . roll each half out to a square
approximately 13 x 13 inches and thinner than 1/8 inch . trim the
uneven edges and lift the dough onto the cookie sheet , or roll over a
rolling pin and unroll onto the cookie sheet . use a sharp knife to
score the dough into 2-inch squares , cutting almost through the
dough . bake 6-8 minutes , or until the edges are slightly golden .
remove from the oven and with a large spatula loosen the squares and
turn them over . return to the oven and bake for another 5-6 minutes ,
or until the edges are well browned . remove from the oven and slide
the sheet onto racks to cool . break the crackrs apart when cool and
store in an airtight container . these will keep for weeks and taste
fresh .

makes 5-dozen 2-inch crackers .

yield : 1 servings




irish brown bread # 1 monica sheridan

breads

4 cup stone ground
1 whole wheat flour
2 cup white flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk or sweet milk

mix the whole wheat flour throughly with the white flour , salt , and
soda .

make a well in the center and gradually mix in the liquid . stir with a
wooden spoon . you may need lass , or more liquid - it depends on the
absorbent quality of the flour . the dough should be soft but
managable .

knead the dough into a ball in the mixing bowl with your floured
hands . put on a lightly floured baking sheet and with the palm of
your hand flatten out in a circle 1 1/2 inches thick . with a knife
dipped in flour , make a cross through the center of the bread so that
it will easily break into quarters when it is baked .

bake at 425 degrees for 25 minutes , reduce the heat to 350 degrees
and bake a further 15 minutes .

if the crust seems too hard , wrap the baked bread in a damp tea cloth .
leave the loaf standing upright until it is cool .

the bread should not be cut until it has set - about 6 hours after it
comes out of the oven .

from `` the art of irish cooking '' by monica sheridan

yield : 1 servings




grandma ida 's challah

breads , jewish

6 cup flour ( approx )
1 pkg yeast , dry
1 egg ; well-beaten
1/2 cup oil
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt ; heaping
1 1/3 cup water ; lukewarm
1 raisins , optional

mix dry ingredients ( yeast , flour , sugar , and salt ) in large bowl ,
using 4 cups of the flour . make a well in the center . into the
well , put the eggs , oil , and water . stir to dampen flour . add enough
flour so that dough becomes smooth and cleans sides of bowl if you
are using a dough hook .
else knead on floured board . place dough in oiled and let rise
until double in bulk . divide dough in half and each half into 3 or 4
pieces . for each loaf , roll out the pieces into ropes and braid from
the middle
to the ends . place loaves on a greased cookie sheet or in greased
loaf pans . brush the top of each loaf with egg glaze if desired .
allow to rise again until double . bake 30 - 45 min @ 350 . ~ for buns :
use 2/3+ cups sugar and 2 eggs . ~ ** to decrease rising time : **
place dough in bowl - do not grease ! ** place 1 cup of water in
corner of microwave oven . ** cover dough loosely with saran or damp
lint-free towel . ** nuke for 3 minutes @ 20 % power . ( max of 112
degrees ! ! ! ) ** let rest for 3 minutes . ** nuke for another 3 minutes
@ 20 % power . ** let rest for 6 minutes . ** after punching down and
braiding , can let rise normally in pans or
repeat nuking process if using microwave safe pans . ~ to make round
loaves :
pat dough into a 9 x 13 rectangle .
pat raisins into the dough , then roll up tight from the long side
to 32 '' .
make a pinwheel of it , tucking the outside end under the last turn .

yield : 2 servings




graham crackers

breads

1 cup shortening
2 cup brown sugar
1 cup granulated sugar
2 cup white flour
4 cup graham flour
1 teaspoon soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sweet or sour milk
1 teaspoon vanilla

servings : 6 dozen

directions : cream shortening and sugar together until fluffy . add
vanilla .

sift flour . measure , and add salt , soda and baking powder to flour .
sift again .

add sifted dry ingredients alternately with milk to shortening
mixture . mix thoroughly after each addition . chill dough in
refrigerator overnight .

in the morning , turn out on floured board and roll as thin as
possible . cut in squares or any shape desired . place 1 '' apart on a
greased cookie sheet . bake at 350-f until crisp and a golden brown .

mrs. henry e. yoder , grantsville , md .

source : mennonite community cookbook , by mary emma showalter , 1957 .
recipes from old mennonite cookbooks , brought up to date with
standard measures and directions .

from : sallie austin

yield : 6 servings




sour cream cornbread

breads

1 cup self rising cornmeal
1/3 cup self rising flour
1/2 cup oil
1 cup cream style corn
2 eggs
1 carton 8 oz . sour cream

mix all ingredients and bake at 450 degrees about 20 minutes . makes 12
large muffins or 1 large skillet . randy rigg

yield : 1 servings




scandinavian almond ring ( basic sweet dough )

breads

1 large egg
1 3/4 cup ground blanched or un blanched almo ; nds ( 7 ounces )
1/4 cup lightly salted butter or margarine , ; at room
1 temperature
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1 tablespoon sweet sherry wine or vanilla extrac ; t
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom seed
1/2 recipe basic sweet dough
2 teaspoon milk , mixed with 1 teaspoon granula ; ted sugar

beat the egg in a medium-sized bowl add the almonds , butter , sugar ,
almond extract , sherry , and cardamom . mix well . cover and let stand
for 5 minutes .

roll out the basic sweet dough to a rectangle 12 x 18 inches . spread
the almond filling evenly over the dough , leaving 2 inches along one
long side . starting from the other long side , roll up the dough like
a jelly roll . place , seam down , on a lightly greased baking sheet ,
twist into a circle and pinch the ends to join . using scissors , make
cuts about three-fourths of the way through the dough at about 1-inch
intervals . cover and let rise for 20 minutes in a warm place .

heat the oven to 350f . bake the coffee cake for 25 to 30 minutes
until golden brown . remove from the oven and brush with the
milk-sugar mixture . cool on a wire rack .

makes one coffeecake .

[ the redbook breadbook ]

posted by fred peters .

yield : 6 servings




cheese & sausage biscuits

breads , microwave , pork

1 can ( 12 oz ) big country
1 biscuits
1 pkg ( 12 oz ) bulk pork sausage
10 slices kraft deluxe
1 pasteurized process
1 american cheese ,
1 quartered *
1 plastic wrap and freezer
1 bags

bake biscuits as directed on can.slice sausage into 10 pieces ; fry and
drain.slice biscuits in half ; place sausage patty inside.wrap each in
plastic wrap and place in freezer bag ; freeze . to heat : remove plastic
wrap ; place 1 sandwich on paper towel or napkin in microwave.microwave
on defrost 1 minute.place 2 cheese quarters , slightly overlapping , on
top of sausage.microwave on defrost for 1 to 1 1/4 minutes or until
thoroughly heated.makes 10 sand- wiches .

* for more cheese in sandwich , place 2 additional cheese quarters under
sausage .

yield : 10 servings




c/p pumpkin brd in jars

breads , crockpot

1 judy garnett
1 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 cup brown sugar ; packed
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 egg
1/2 cup pumpkin
4 tablespoon currants
1 canning jars ; *

in small bowl combine flour , bak . powder and pumpkin pie spice . in
med . mixing bowl combine brown sugar and oil ; beat till well
combined . beat in eggs . add pumpkin ; mix well . add flour mixture .
beat just till combined . stir in raisins . pour pumpkin mixture into 2
well-greased and floured 1/2-pint straight-sided canning jars . cover
jars tightly w/greased foil . place a piece of crumpled foil in 3 1/2
or 4 qt . crockery cooker with liner in place . place jars atop
crumpled foil . cover ; cook on high setting for 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hrs . or
till a wooden toothpick inserted near centers comes out clean . remove
jars from cooker ; cool 10 mins . in jars . remove bread from jars . cool
thoroughly on wire rack . makes 2 loaves . for 3 1/2 to 4 qt . cooker ,
half all ingredients . * warning : use only canning jars for this
recipe . others may not be tempered to withstand the heat . do not use
coffee or vegetable cans as most contain lead and are painted or
sealed with materials that may give off toxic gases when heated .
source : bh & g new crockery cooker cookbook . judy garnett/nc pjxg05a
10/25/91 ( wrv )

yield : 4 servings




oatmeal blueberry muffins

breads , snacks

1 cup rolled oats
1/3 cup salad oil
1 each egg
1 cup buttermilk or sour milk
1/2 cup brown sugar ( packed )
1 1/2 cup blueberries
1 cup unbleached flour
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

soak oats in milk until moisture is absorbed . add salad oil , egg ,
brown sugar and blueberries and mix thoroughly .

mix together flour , soda , cinnamon , cloves , baking powder , salt ,
allspice and nurmeg and add to oat mixture . mix thoroughly .

fill greased muffin cups 2/3 full . bake in a 400 degree oven for 20
to 25 minutes until golden brown . serve hot .

from the kitche of : gary & margie hartford , eugene , or ( 1:152/19 )

yield : 12 servings




grilled lime tortillas **

appetizers , breads , mexican , grilling

-- -- patti vdrj67a -- --
4 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 teaspoon grated lime peel
4 teaspoon lime juice
4 10 flour tortillas

heat margarine until melted . stir in lime peel and lime juice . brush
on bith sides of tortillas . grill tortillas 5-6 '' from medium coals ,
turning once , until golden brown . sprinkle with salt if desired . cool
slightly ; break into pieces . note : if there is n't room on your grill
for 2 large tortillas , cut them into 6 wedges before grilling .

yield : 4 servings




sourdough starter # 5

breads

4 cup unbleached flour
2 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
4 cup lukewarm potato water

put all ingredients in a crock or large jar and let stand in a warm
place uncovered several days . this is the authors last choice for
making a starter , but seems to be in all the cookbooks dealing with
sourdough starters . use only as a last resort .

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin loaves

breads

3 cup flour
2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
16 oz canned pumpkin
2/3 cup salad oil
3 eggs

preheat ove to 350f . grease well , two 9x5 '' loaf pans . in large
bowl , with fork , mix flour and next seven ingredients . add remaining
ingredients and mix just until blended . turn batter into pans . bake
one hour or until toothpick comes out clean .

yield : 2 loaves




povatica bread

breads

1 cup very warm water ( 105 f to 115f )
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/3 cup instant nonfat dry milk ( in dry for ; m )
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup lightly salted butter or margarine , ; at room
1 temperature
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( up to 4 cups )
1 walnut filling
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
4 cup walnut meats , ground ( 1 pound )
2 large eggs
2 teaspoon ground cardamom seed or cinnamon
1 tablespoon vanilla extract

combine the water , yeast , and sugar in a large bowl . let stand for 2
minutes . add the dry milk , salt , butter , and 2 cups of the flour . mix
until smooth and beat for 2 minutes . let rise , uncovered for 30 to 45
minutes until bubbly .

stir in 1 cup of the remaining flour . turn the dough out onto a
well-floured surface ( using some of the remaining flour ) and knead
for 4 to 5 minutes , until smooth and elastic , adding only as much
flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking . the dough
should be soft .

place the dough in a buttered bowl , turning once to bring the
buttered side up . let rise in a warm place until double in volume ,
about 1 1/2 hours . grease two
9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pans .

punch down the dough ; turn out onto a lightly floured surface and cut
in half . cover and let stand for 5 minutes . roll out 1 piece of the
dough to a rectangle 11 x 16 inches , stretching the dough and letting
it stick to the surface as necessary . spread half of the walnut
filling evenly over the dough to within 1 inch of the edges . roll up
the dough like a jelly roll , starting from a narrow side . turn the
edges under slightly and place the roll , seam down , in a prepared
pan . repeat with the remaining half of the dough . cover and let rise
for 1 hour or up to 1 1/2 hours . the dough may not swell to double in
volume .

place the pans on a shelf near the top of an unheated oven and turn
on the oven to 325f . bake for 40 to 50 minutes , or until done . place
the pans on a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes . remove the loaves
from the pans and let them cool completely .

makes two loaves .

walnut filling :

in a medium-sized saucepan , cook the butter and sugar over
moderately-high heat . when the butter and sugar have melted and the
mixture is bubbly , remove the pan from the heat . stir in the ground
walnuts , eggs , cardamom , and vanilla . cool the filling before using .

makes about 3 cups of filling .

[ the redbook breadbook ]

posted by fred peters .

yield : 3 servings




lois ' raisin soda bread

breads , irish

-- -- from lois flack -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs ( 315 ) 7861120 -- --
1 * * * * * *
2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon caraway seed
3 tablespoon shortening
2/3 cup golden raisins - plumped
1 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon melted butter

* to plump raisins : place raisins in a small saucepan and just
cover with hot water . simmer until raisins have absorbed the water .
set aside .

preheat oven to 350f . blend the flour and the next five
ingredients . cut in the shortening with a pastry blender until well
blended . mix in raisins . add buttermilk all at one time , mix lightly
to a soft dough . turn the dough into a greased 9-inch round layer
cake pan . cut a cross into the top about 2/3 into the loaf . brush
top with melted butter and sprinkle with 4 teaspoons additional
sugar . bake 40 minutes or until brown .

makes 1 loaf .

source : `` the cookin ' o'the green '' - february '94 edition - family
magazine

typed for you by lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny .

yield : 1 loaf




sourdough biscuits

breads

1/2 cup sourdough starter
1 cup milk
2 1/2 cup unsifted flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon double acting baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 single salad oil , butter or bacon g

mix the starter milk and 1 cup of the flour in a large bowl . ( prepare
the night before for breakfast . ) cover and keep0 at room temp . to let
rise .
turn this out onto 1 cup flour on a bread board . combine salt ,
sugar , b.p . and soda with remaining 1/2 cup of flour and sift over
the top . with hand knead lightly until the proper consistency . roll
to a 1/2 inch thick . cut out and dip in either warm bacon grease or a
mixture of half salad oil and melted butter
place close together in a 9 x 9 pan and set in warm place to rise
for about half hour bake in a 375 f oven makes about 14 biscuits .

yield : 4 servings




my biscuit mix waffles

breads

2 cup buiscuit mix
1 1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoon sugar
4 tablespoon oil
2 eggs

blend well and use as usual .

yield : 4 servings




sourdough rye starter

breads

2 cup rye flour
1 tablespoon yeast
1 1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 onion slice optional

in a glass or ceramic bowl , or jar that has been scalded , combine
flour and yeast , add water and blend well . add onion slice , cover
with platic wrap and pierce plastic with fork to release gases . place
in a warm , draft-free place , at an even 85f for 3 days . ; stir several
times daily . remove onion slice and refrigerate until ready to use .
onion imparts a strong flavor and this starter can only be used with
compatible rye recipes ; rye starter without onion can be used in any
rye sourdough recipe . to replenish , always use rye flour . if starter
does not seem bubbly after replenishing and standing 12 hrs , sprinkle
1 t yeast over and stir in well . like whole wheat starter , you may
have to plan longer rising times for dough made with this one .

yield : 1 servings




spice sugar cookies*

biscuits

3/4 cup vegetable shortening at room temper ; ature
1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1 large egg , beaten lightly
1/4 cup unsulfured molasses
2 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 granulated sugar for dipping the ba ; lls of dough .

the texture of these spicy offerings varies according to baking time .
underbake them if you are partial to a chewy cookie ; give them an
extra minute or two in the oven if a crisp cookie is desired .

in a bowl cream the shortening with the brown sugar until the mixture
is light and fluffy and stir in the egg and the molasses . into
another bowl sift together the flour , the baking soda , the cinnamon ,
the ginger , the cloves and the salt , add the flour mixture in batches
to the shortening mixture , and blend the dough well . chill the dough ,
covered , for 1 hour .

roll level tablespoons of the dough into balls , dip one side of each
ball into the granulated sugar , and arrange the balls , sugared sides
up , about 3 inches apart on greased baking sheets . bake the cookies
in batches in the middle of a preheated 375 degree f oven for 10 to
12 minutes , or until they are puffed and cracked on top . transfer the
cookies with a metal spatula to racks and let them cool . makes about
40 cookies .

yield : 40 cookies




oat bran bread slo-rise

breads

3 tablespoon honey or brown sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast
3 1/2 cup to 4 1/2 cups of
1 bread flour
1 1/2 cup plus 2 tbl . oat bran oat bran cerea ; l or plain
1 large egg

notes : in a large bowl , stir together 2 cups of lukewarm water and
brown sugar or honey . sprinkle with yeast and stir until it has
dissolved . stir in 1 1/2 cups of oat bran . let the mixture stand for
10 minutes to let the oat bran absorb liquid . do all in a kitchenaid
mixer if available . stir in salt . 1 cup at a time , mix in flour until
the dough becomes too difficult to stir . turn out on to a well
floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic , about 8
minutes . 4 or 5 minutes on the kitchenaid . place the dough in a large
well oiled bowl , turn to coat and cover with plastic wrap . lightly
oil a 5 by 9 inch loaf pan . gently punch down the dough and transfer
to a well floured work surface . cover and let stand for 5 to 10
minutes . press the dough with your hands into a 10 by 8 inch oval .
beginning at one narrow end , tightly roll up the dough to form a
loaf . pinch seam edge into dough to seal , then place in the prepared
bread pan , seam side down . meanwhile , place oven rack in the lower
third of the oven ; preheat to 375 degrees f. in a small bowl , whisk
egg white with one tb of water . brush a little of the egg white
mixture over the top of the loaf and sprinkle with 2 tb oat bran , or
sesame seeds just before placing in the oven makes one loaf , about 18
1/2 inch slices .

yield : 1 loaf




sausage & cheese biscuits

breads , low cal

1 cheese
1/4 lb turkey sausage
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup unprocessed oat bran
1/2 cup + 3 t non-fat buttermilk
1/2 cup ( 2oz ) reduced-fat cheddar
1 vegetable cooking spray

place turkey in a nonstick skillet ; cook over medium heat until
browned , st to : pam coombes ( rncm95a ) from : betty pinder
( tkhn51b ) subject : bac good morning , pam ! i hope your cat is ok . i
always dread trips to the ve when will there be health insurance for
animals ? < g >

yield : 12 servings




sourdough starter # 1 ( jvb )

breads , sourdough

2 cup flour
2 1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon dry yeast

mix in a non-metallic container . let stand 24 hours ( loosely covered )
at room temperature .

feed with equal parts white flour and water after every use .

keep in the refrigerator and use weekly . else store in freezer .

bring to room temperature before use .

yield : 1 servings




placek swiateczny

breads , holiday , polish

5 eggs
2 1/2 cup flour , all-purpose
2 cup sugar , icing
2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup walnuts or pecans , chopped fine
2/3 cup raisins
4 oz orange peel , chopped fine
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter
1 tablespoon lemon peel , grated
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 tablespoon vodka or brandy

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. beat eggs with sugar using an electric
mixer for 5 minutes at high speed .

mix chopped nuts , raisins and orange peel with 2 tablespoons of flour . mix
remaining flour with baking powder and salt .

cream together the butter , lemon peel and vanilla extract until fluffy .
beat in vodka , then add egg mixture gradually , beating constantly . add the
flour mixture and beat for 5 minutes . fold fruit-nut mixture into the
batter . turn into a greased and floured 9x5x3-inch pan or a 1 1/2 quart
ring mold .

bake at 350 degrees f. for 1 hour . cool cake in pan on wire rack for ten
minutes , then turn cake out onto rack and cool completely . wrap in plastic
wrap and set aside to mellow for a couple of days .

notes :

* christmas bread -- this recipe could be used as part of a 12-course meal
known in polish as wigilia , or on its own . wigilia is eaten after sundown
on christmas eve .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : 1/2 hour preparation , 1 1/2 hours cooking and cooling , 2 days
aging .
: precision : approximate measurement ok .

: original recipe passed down through the generations and translated from
polish into english ( with a few mods ) by edward chrzanowski
: mfcf , university of waterloo , waterloo , ontario , canada
: echrzanowski @ watmath.waterloo.edu or
{ ihnp4 , allegra , utzoo } ! watmath ! echrzanowski

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 1 loaf




mexican bread pudding

breads , desserts

1 quart water
1 lb brown sugar
1 3 in stick cinnamon
1 whole clove
6 slices toast , cubed ( or equivalent ; of leftover pound cake )
3 bananas or apples , sliced
1 cup raisins
1 cup peanuts , chopped
1/2 cup blanched almonds , chopped
1/2 lb monterey jack cheese , cubed .

re : mexican bread pudding date : 03-17-91 area : cooking

another untried recipe , offered as ransom for recipes stolen ,
off-topic postings , and ill received boasting about texas ... ... .

recipe quoted from elena 's secretes of mexican cooking , elena zelayeta

`` this dessert is usually served during lent . the combination of
cheese and fruits may sound strange , but it 's extremely popular in
mexico and i know many americans who rave over it .

boil water , sugar , stick cinnamon an dclove together until syrupy .
butter a casserole generously and put in a layer of bread or cake
cubes . cover with a layer of banana or apple slices and sprinkle with
some of the raisins , peanuts , almonds and cheese cubes . repeat the
layers until all ingredients are used . remove stick cinnamon and
clove from syrup and pour syrup over

yield : 6 servings




homemade biscuits

breads , cajun

2 cup unbleached white flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup shortening
2/3 cup milk

{ submitted by betty comeaux }

mix the flour , baking powder , sugar and salt with an electric hand
mixer . blend in the shortening . mix in the milk with a fork . knead
about 12 to 15 strokes . pat out on a floured surface 1/2- to 3/4-inch
inch thick/ cut and place on an ungreased cookie sheet . bake for 10
to 12 minutes at 450-degrees .

yield : approximately 16 biscuits .

[ the legends of louisisna cookbook ; sheila ainbinder ; isbn
0-671-70817-1 ]

yield : 6 servings




north carolina cornmeal crisps

breads

1 cup cornmeal
1 1/4 cup boiling water
2 tablespoon lard , melted
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine all ingredients , mixing well . spoon batter by t onto a
lightly greased baking sheet . bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes or
until edges are browned .

yield : 18 servings




cookie 's steak pub banana nut bread

breads

2 eggs
1 cup packed light brown sugar
3/4 cup mazola oil
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon orange juice
1 1/3 cup mashed ripe banana
1 cup chopped walnuts
1 3/4 cup unsifted flour

in bowl , beat eggs . whisk in brown sugar and oil until thoroughly
blended . add sour cream , cinnamon , baking soda , baking powder , orange
juice , mashed banana , walnuts and flour mixing well preferably by
hand . pour into oiled 12 '' x4 '' x4 '' loaf pan . bake in 375 oven for 50
minutes and until done . cool in pan on rack for 10 minutes . loosen
edges and turn out to complete cooling on rack . wrap in foil or
waxed paper .

recipe by : little mom

yield : 1 servings




rubio 's challah

breads , jewish

2 pkg active dry yeast
2 cup warm water
7 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup salad oil
4 eggs ; room temp
7 cup flour ; or less
1 sesame seeds

recipe by : jo anne merrill in a small bowl , place warm water and yeast
until yeast is softened . in a large bowl , combine sugar , salt , salad
oil , 3 eggs slightly beaten and about 3-4 cups of flour . mix with the
yeast mixture , adding more flour if needed , to make a workable dough .
knead until smooth and elastic . do not underknead . place in an oiled
bowl and turn to oil top . cover and let rise until doubled in size .
punch down the dough and divide in half . cut each half into
3 equal parts .

roll each part into a strip 15-inches long . place 3 strips on a
greased baking sheet . braid , fastening strips at each end . repeat
with second half of dough . beat remaining egg slightly and brush tops
and sides of dough . sprinkle with sesame seeds . bake in preheated 325
degree oven for 30-40 minutes .

first prize recipe at del mar county fair 1993 jo merrill

yield : 2 servings




holiday muffin mix

breads , holiday , gift

5 cup all purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup sugar
1 cup instant nonfat dry milk
1/4 cup baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon cloves

light spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . in large bowl ,
combine all ingredients ; blend well . store in airtight conatiner at
room temperature or in a cool dry place . for gift giving measure 2
cups mix ( by dipping cup into mix and leveling off ) , and place in an
airtight container or zipper-topped storage bag . be sure to include
recipe for holiday muffins . holiday muffins : 2 cups holiday muffin
mix 2/3 cups water 1 egg , slightly beaten 1/4 cup oil
heat oven to 400 degrees . grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups
or line with paper baking cups . place muffin mix in medium bowl . add
water , egg and oil . stir until dry ingredients are just moistened . do
not overmix . fill greased muffin cups approximately 1/2 full . bake at
400 degrees for 10 to 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in
center comes out clean . immediately remove from pan . serve warm .
makes 12 muffins .

yield : 1 servings




caraway rye bread

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
2 1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees )
2 tablespoon molasses
4 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon salt
4 cup unbleached white flour
2 cup dark rye flour
1 egg
1/4 cup milk

stir yeast into warm water in a large mixing bowl ; let sit for 10
minutes . stir in molasses , caraway seeds , oil and salt . mix well .
stir in flours , 1 cup at a time . mix well and turn out onto a floured
surface . knead until smooth , about 8 to 10 minutes . put dough in an
oiled mixing bowl and turn to coat surface . cover and let rise until
doubled in bulk , about 1 hour .

punch down dough and shape into 3 round loaves . place on a buttered
baking sheet , cover and let rise for 20 minutes . preheat the oven to
400 degrees and place a shallow pan with 1 '' of hot water on the rack
below where the bread will be baking . beat egg lightly with milk and
brush on the loaves . bake for 15 minutes , then brush with the egg
mixture once again . bake another 15 minutes or until loaves are
golden brown and sound hollow when tapped . cool on wire racks . makes
3 loaves .

yield : 3 servings




honey almond twist ( basic sweet dough )

breads

1/2 recipe basic sweet dough
1/4 cup lightly salted butter
3 tablespoon all-purpose flour
3 tablespoon honey
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup chopped blanched or un blanched alm ; onds

grease a 10-inch pie plate or round cake pan .

with the palms of your hands , roll the basic sweet dough into a long
narrow roll about 1 inch in diameter . coil the roll into the prepared
pan , starting at the outside edge and twisting the roll as you go .
leave a little space between each coil . cover and let rise in a warm
place until almost doubled in volume , about 35 minutes .

heat the oven to 350f . melt the butter in a small pan . remove from
the heat , stir in the flour and then the remaining ingredients . spoon
the mixture over the risen dough .

bake for 20 to 30 minutes until done . place the pan on a rack to
cool for at least 30 minutes before serving . serve from the pan .

makes one large twist .

[ the redbook breadbook ]

posted by fred peters .

yield : 6 servings




gougeres ( cheese puffs )

appetizers , breads , cheese/eggs , misc

1 cup water
1/2 cup butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 cup sifted flour
4 eggs
4 oz grated gruyere cheese
2 tablespoon dijon mustard

the easiest and most consistent way to form the gougeres is to pipe
out small rounds using a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip .
lacking this , you could also use 2 teaspoons .

preheat oven to 425f . place the water , butter , salt and pepper in a
small saucepan and bring to a boil . immediately remove from the heat
( do not allow it to boil for any length of time ) and add the flour
all at once . stir with a wooden spoon until a ball forms . return to
medium heat to dry the paste . flatten the paste on the bottom of the
pan , bring it up to the side of the pan nearest you , then flop it
over to the opposite side of the pan . continue until butter starts
oozing out in bubbles , about 5 minutes . when pinched , the paste
should not stick to your fingers . remove from the heat and wait 5
minutes until slightly cooled , then beat in the eggs one at a time ,
waiting until each is incorporated before adding the next . add the
cheese and mustard . butter a baking sheet , then rinse under cold
water , or place parchment paper on the baking sheet . pipe out small
dots , about 1/2-inch in diameter , leaving enough room for them to
triple in size . brush with beaten egg or milk , sprinkle with more
cheese , and bake for 15 minutes . lower the heat to 400f , open the
oven door briefly to let the steam escape and then bake for an
additional 10 minutes . cool on a rack . gougeres freeze well .

peter kump - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 12 servings




scottish oaten bread

breads , scottish , coca-cola

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats
1/2 cup sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup coca-cola
1 cup prunes *
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1 prune halves ( optional )

* prunes should be very well drained and coarsely chopped . you may
substitute 1/2 cup of dried prunes .

yield : 1 servings




portugese spice muffins

breads

-- -- from j.r 's kitchen -- --
1 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 egg beaten
1/4 cup margarine melted
1/3 cup molasses
3/4 cup buttermilk

mix dry ingredients together . combine wet ingredients . make a well in
drys and combine liquids lightly . spoon into muffin cups and bakee
400 15 to 20 minutes or until done .

yield : 12 servings




cream biscuits

breads , londontowne

4 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup butter
2 cup cream or half and half

sift dry ingredients . cut in 1/4 cup of butter . add the cream . roll
out on a floured board . cut with a 2-inch cutter . bake on an
ungreased pan in a hot oven of 400 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes or
until golden brown . mrs. william c. edmonston

yield : 1 servings




easy buttermilk biscuits

breads , breakfast , biscuits

2 1/2 cup flour ; all-purpose
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon soda
1/3 cup butter ; melted
1 cup buttermilk

combine flour , baking powder , salt , and soda . add butter and
buttermilk and stir to form a sticky dough . knead a few times on a
lfoured board to make a smooth ball . roll out to 1/2 inch thickness .
cut into 2 inch rounds . place biscuits on greased cookie sheets . bake
at 450 degrees for 10 to 12 minutes .

source : southern living magazine , sometime in the 1970 's . typed for
you by nancy coleman .

yield : 16 biscuits




easy christmas stollen

breads

1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup mixed candied fruit ; chopped
2 tablespoon brandy
3 cup flour ; to 3-1/2 c
3/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup almonds , ground
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cardamon , ground
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg , ground
1/2 cup butter
1 cup farmer cheese ( or cottage cheese )
2 egg ; slightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup walnuts ; chopped
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 1/2 cup sugar , confectioners
2 tablespoon milk
1 candied cherries
1 whole almonds

combine the raisins , mixed candied fruit and brandy ; let stand at room
temperature for an hour . combine the next eight ingredients . cut in
the butter with a pastry blender or food processor until the mixture
resembles coarse meal . process the farmer cheese in a food processor
or blender until smooth . add the cottage cheese , eggs , vanilla ,
raisin mixture , and walnuts to the dry ingredients , stirring until
moistened . shape the dough into a ball .

turn the dough out on a floured surface , and knead until smooth ( one
to two minutes ) , adding more flour if necessary . roll dough to form
an oval about 12 '' x 8-1/2 '' . brush the dough with a tablespoon of the
melted butter . fold the long side of the dough over to within about
an inch and a half of the opposite side . place on baking sheet lined
with parchment . bake at 350 f. for 40 to 45 minutes or until the loaf
is lightly browned . brush with the remaining melted butter . transfer
the stollen to wire rack to cool . combine the confectioners ' sugar
and milk , stirring until smooth . drizzle over the cooled bread .
garnish with candied cherries and almonds .

: recipe from : creative ideas for living magazine ,
december 1984

yield : 1 loaf




baboli pizza crust

breads , pizza

1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup water ; warm
6 tablespoon olive oil ; + extra for pan
6 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt ( optional )
2 1/4 cup water ; warm
-- -- toppings -- --
1 sea salt ; or kosher salt
1 pepper ; ground
4 tablespoon olive oil
1 chopped rosemary and thyme
2 tablespoon water

mix together first six ingredients and let rise 30 to 0 minutes .
divide dough into 3 parts and place in 3 olive-oiled pie pans . dimple
dough with fingers . mix olive oil and water , brush tops with this
mixture . sprinkle on top : sea salt , pepper , rosemary and thyme . let
rise 50 to 60 mins . bake at 350 degrees f. for 25 minutes . may dip in
olive oil . peggy also says if the herbs are dried to soak in water 10
minutes and then pat dry with paper towels .

yield : 1 servings




williamsburg spoon bread

breads

1 1/2 cup water
2 cup milk
1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon butter
5 eggs
1 tablespoon baking powder

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease a large shallow baking dish .
combine the water and milk and heat to simmer . add the cornmeal ,
salt , sugar , and butter , and stir over medium heat until the mixture
is thickened , about 5 minutes . remove from the heat . beat the eggs
with the baking powder until they are very light and fluffy , then add
them to the cornmeal mixture . mix well . pour into the prepared dish
and bake for 45 to
50 minutes . serve hot .

recipe by : christiana campbell 's tavern

yield : 1 servings




mock crackling bread

breads

1 cup yellow cornmeal
1 cup all purpose flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon plus 1 ts baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup shortening , melted
1 egg , beaten
10 slice bacon , cooked/crumbled
1 creole celery sauce

combine first six ingredients , add milk , shortening , and egg mixing
well . stir in bacon . pour batter into a well greased 8 inch square
pan . bake at 425 degrees for 25 minutes or until lightly browned . cut
into squares , and serve with creole celery sauce .

yield : 9 servings




crusty garlic bread

breads , bakery

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
6 each crushed garlic cloves
4 cup unbleached white flour
3 tablespoon wheatgerm

dissolve the yeast in the water in a bowl . add salt , oil & garlic .
stir in 3 c flour & wheatgerm . mix with a fork .

sprinkle 1/4 c flour on a board & turn out the dough , coating it with
the flour . then knead , adding another 1/4 c flour gradually . knead
for a couple of minutes . let rise till it has doubled in size . punch
down & let it rest for a while . roll the dough into a 13 inch length .

set the bread on an oiled sheet . let proof for 20 minutes . preheat
oven to 375f & bake for 45 to 55 minutes .

anne lerner , `` breads you would n't believe ''

yield : 1 servings




sourdough yeast starter

breads , pancakes

1 pkg dry yeast
2 cup warm water
2 cup flour

1 . empty yeast into mixing bowl and stir in warm water until
dissolved . add flour and stir until well blended . cover with
plastic wrap and allow to stand at room temperature ( or in oven
out of drafts ) for at least 48 hours , or until hooch ( clear liquid )
forms on top . 2 . store in refrigerator in a jar with a loose
fitting lid ( i like to use
a plastic peanut butter jar ) . renew monthly by adding alternately
1 cup of water or 1 cup of milk , and 1 cup of flour . 1/4 cup of
sugar may be added every other month to add to the fermentation . 3 .
always save at least one-cup of the fermented mixture to use as
on-going starter . if recipe calls for 3 cups of starter , add 3 cups
of milk ( or water ) and three cups of flour . allow to stand until
clear liquid forms on top . save 1-cup for future use and use the
extra 3 cups in the recipe .

yield : 1 servings




maryetta 's italian sausage bread

breads , clay pot

1 lb italian sausage , sweet
1 1/4 cup water ; lukewarm
1 teaspoon salt
1 pkg dry active yeast
1 pinch saffron
1 tablespoon fennel seeds
4 cup all-purpose flour ; sifted
5 teaspoon olive oil
1 cornmeal

if you think your sausage has too much fat , simmer in shallow water
in a frying pan , pricking the sausage with a sharp knife to allow the
fat to escape .

combine the lukewarm water , salt , yeast , saffron , and fennel seeds in
a metal cup and maintain a lukewarm temperature to keep the yeast
active . sift the flour into a large bowl , and make a well in the
center of it . pour in the yeast mixture and mix well ( you will have
to use your hands ) . knead the dough until smooth and elastic ( about
10 minutes ) , then pour the oil over the dough and knead until no
longer sticky ( about 5 minutes ) . place in a large bowl , cover with a
towel , and put in a warm place until it doubles in size . ( press the
dough with your fingertips ; if they leave a stubborn imprint , it has
risen enough . )

when the rising time is almost over , presoak a clay pot , top and
bottom , for 15 minutes .

roll the dough out to a thickness of 1/4 inch . place the sausages
( about 5 ) on top of the dough , wrap each in its own pocket , and pinch
the ends closed . place each pocket side by side to form one loaf .
trim a piece of aluminum foil , cover the bottom of the bottom of the
presoaked pot and sprinkle with cornmeal . add the dough to the pot
and put lid on , then put the covered pot in a warm place and let the
dough rise until doubled in size ( about 60 minutes ) .

cover the pot and place it in a cold oven .

set the oven temperature at 450 degrees f .

bake for 45 minutes , then check the bread and let it continue baking ,
uncovered , in the oven to brown for an additional 15 minutes ( total
cooking time about 60 minutes ) . the bread will be done when a finger
thump on the loaf 's surface sounds hollow .

allow the bread to sit for 15 to 20 minutes before serving .

note : this recipe can be safely doubled , but use 2 pots for cooking .

source : `` the clay-pot cookbook '' by georgia macleod sales and grover
sales

yield : 1 loaf




praline chunk cookies

desserts , biscuits

1 cup golden crisco
1 1/4 cup lightly packed brown sugar
2 eggs
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 pkg semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans
2 skor candy bars coarsely
1 chopped

beat crisco , brown sugar and eggs with fork . stir in remaining
ingredients except skor bars . drop from heaping tablespoon measure
onto ungreased baking pan . place several pieces of skor bar on top of
each cookie . bake at 375f ( 190c ) for 8 to 10 minutes or until cookies
are golden brown around the outside and a little soft in the centre .
cool .

yield : 2 dozen




focaccia sandwiches

appetizers , breads , italian

1 x no ingredients

for each sandwich , split 1 plain focaccia bread , about 9 ounces , and
grill or toast lightly on both sides . fill as directed , then replace
top and cut bread into quarters .

bacon , lettuce and tomato combine 3 tablespoons mayonnaise with 3
tablespoons julienned basil , and spread on cut sides of focaccia .
layer bottom half with curly leaf lettuce , 1 large tomato , sliced ,
and 4 sliced of crisp cooked bacon . sprinkle with freshly ground
pepper .

tuna in a small bowl , combine 1 can ( 6 1/8oz ) water packed tuna ,
drained , 2 table- spoons finely chopped red onion , 2 tablespoons
finely chopped celery , 2 table- spoons mayonnaise , 1 tablespoon
chopped capers , 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice and a pinch of freshly
ground black pepper . spread bottom half of focaccia with tuna
mixture , topped with 1 large tomato , sliced and 2 large lettuce
leaves .

roasted pepper , mozzarella and basil drizzle each cut side of toasted
focaccia with 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil . layer bottom half
with 6 ounces of thinly sliced mozzarella cheese , 1/3 cup basil
leaves and 1/2 cup sliced roasted and peeled red peppers . sprinkle
with salt and freshly ground black pepper . chuck in pok sunday 02:12
pm 12/19 c.ozburn on genie

posted on prodigy december 1993 , formatted by elaine radis , bgmb90b
on p* ; e.radis on genie

yield : 8 servings




bread dosa

breads , breakfast , indian , vegetarian

1 cup bread crumbs
1/4 cup rice
1/4 cup moong dal
1 medium onion , minced
2 each green chiles , minced
1 small piece of ginger , minced
1 each handful of cilantro leaves
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
1 salt , to taste

in a bowl , cover the rice and dal with plenty of water and let soak
for several hours . drain , then grind to a fine paste . add milk or
water to make a thick batter . stir in remaining ingredients .

for each dosa , cook 2 tablespoons batter on hot greased skillet or
griddle , spreading batter into thin circles and turning dosa once to
brown both sides . serve hot with chutney .

adapted by karen mintzias from `` tasty dishes from waste items '' by
aroona reejhsinghani

yield : 1 batch




baking powder biscuits i

breads , biscuits

3 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon shortening
1 cup milk

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder and salt . cut in
shortening with 2 spatulas . add milk . turn onto lightly floured
board . knead lightly and pat into sheet 1/2 inch thick . cut with
floured cutter . bake in hot oven ( 450 f ) 12 minutes . 16 servings .
the household searchlight - 1941

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




chunky peanut butter bread

breads , pnut butter

2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup chunky peanut butter
1 cup milk
1 egg ; beaten
2 teaspoon vanilla

preheat oven to 350 . combine flour , sugar , baking powder andf salt
into a large bowl . add the peanut butter , milk , egg and vanilla . mix
well . pour into a greased loaf pan and bake for 50 to 60 minutes .

yield : 18 servings




quick strawberry bread

breads

3 cup flour
2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
3 oz strawberry flavored gelatin
3/4 cup egg substitute
2 cup frozen strawberries ; thaw reserving 3 tb juice
1 medium banana ; sliced
3/4 cup vegetable oil

preheat oven to 375f . in large bowl , combine flour , sugar , baking
soda , cinnamon , nutmeg and gelatin . stir until evenly mixed . make a
well in center of dry ingredients . in food processor or blender ,
combine egg substitute , undrained strawberries , sliced banana and
oil . blend until smoth and creamy . pour fruit mixture into well and
stir gently by hand until dry ingredients are moistened . using
non-stick cooking spray , grease two 9 x 5-inch loaf pans . pour
batter equally between pans . bake on center rack of oven 45 to 50
minutes or until inserted toothpick comes out clean . let cool before
slicing . makes 2 loaves . this recipe is from a booklet from schwan 's .

yield : 2 servings




old fashion white bread

breads

1 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon shortening
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
5 cup flour ( all purpose )

dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup warm water . place sugar , salt and
shortening in a bowl . add 1c very hot water - stir to dissolve . add
milk - add yeast . add enough flour to make stiff dough . knead till
smooth but not sticky . place in greased bowl and let rise until
doubled in size . shape into two loaves and place in bread pans . let
rise until doubled in bulk . bake at 400 deg f. for 35 to 40 minutes
or until golden and hollow sounding when lightly tapped on the top .

yield : 10 servings




corn tortillas

breads , mexican

2 cup corn flour tortilla mix , *
1 1/4 cup water ; warm

* use the instant corn flour tortilla mix .

yield : 12 servings




sheepcamp jackass bread

breads

2 cup sourdough starter
3 cup water , warm 90 degrees
8 cup bread flour
1/8 cup sugar
1 pkg active yeast
2 teaspoon salt
1/8 cup oil
1 teaspoon baking soda

the night before : dissolve starter in warm water , add 3 cups bread
flour , cover with wet dishtowel and let ferment at room temperature
to make sponge . the next morning : mix sponge with yeast ( dissolved in
sugar and 3 t warm water ) salt , oil , soda . let sit till bubbly . add
flour till a heavy dough is formed , or it separates from the bowl of
a power mixer . pour out on floured board and knead about 5 minutes
till elastic . put in covered well greased bowl till rises to double
in size . punch down and knead . fill an 8 inch dutch oven half full ,
put on lid and let rise till pot is full ( double in size ) . bake at
375 for 30 minutes , reduce heat to 325 and bake 40 minutes more . turn
out on rack , thump bottom to see if sounds hollow ( if not , put it
back in the oven for awhile ! ~ tai n't done ! ) . let cool . best to cut
into quarters and freeze 3/4 for future use . if you have more than
1/2 a dutch oven of dough , make some rolls or biscuits or a 1 pound
loaf !

yield : 60 servings




white bread

breads

1/4 cup : warm water ( approx 105f )
1 pkg dry yeast
1 3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter ; softened or
2 tablespoon vegetable shortening or oil
2 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
5 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( or more )

pour the warm water over the yeast . stir well , and let stand to
dissolve . heat the milk , stirring , to the same temperature as the
yeast , then pour it over the dissolved yeast . add the butter ( or
shortening or oil ) , sugar , salt and 4 cups of the flour . beat
vigorously with a large spoon for at least 1 minute . stir in enough
of the remaining flour , 1/2 cup at a time , to make a stiff but not
dry dough . dust the kneading surface with 1/4 cup of the reserved
flour and turn the dough out onto it , cleaning the bowl completely
with a rubber spatula . knead the dough for 1 minute , sprinkling extra
flour a little at a time as necessary , then let rest for 10 minutes .
resume kneading for about 6 to 8 minutes more , or until the dough is
smooth and elastic . put in a lightly greased bowl , cover and let rest
in a warm place to rise for between 1 and 2 hours . when the dough has
doubled in bulk , turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and punch
it down for a minute . cut dough in half and pat each half into an
oval the approximate length of your bread pan , which should be
lightly greased . put in the pan , cover with a damp towel and let rise
for another 45 minutes to 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350f and , when
the bread is risen , put it in the oven . bake for about 40-to-45
minutes in a glass pan , or 45-to-50 minutes in a metal pan . makes 2
loaves

yield : 2 servings




pumpkin waffles

breads , breakfast

1 cup canned pumpkin puree
1 cup sour cream
1 cup milk
4 eggs ; separated
8 tablespoon unsalted butter ; melted
1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
-- -- garnish -- --
1 sour cream
1 honey
1 chopped pecans
1 raisins

whisk together pumpkin , sour cream , milk , egg yolks , melted butter and
brown sugar in a mixing bowl and reserve .

in another mixing bowl combine the flour , baking powder , baking soda ,
salt , cinnamon and nutmeg . by hand , stir the dry ingredients into
the liquid , and reserve .

in a separate bowl , beat the egg whites until soft peaks form . whisk
one third of the beaten whites into the batter to lighten it . then
fold in the remaining whites .

to make waffles , follow the manufacturer 's instructions on your waffle
iron . serve with maple syrup or top each with a dollop of sour cream
and a sprinkling of pecans , raisins and honey .

source : the ma cuisine cooking school cookbook ~ by linda lloyd , toni
mindling schulman , patric terrail & helene siegel ~ typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 8 servings




banana raisin walnut muffins

breads , breakfast

1 cup +2 t. flour
1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder
1/4 cup brown sugar ; firmly packed
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup +2 t. buttermilk
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1/4 cup less 2 t. vegetable oil
2 tablespoon sweet whipped butter , melted
1 banana ; ripe , mashed
1/2 cup golden raisins ; plumped
1 oz walnuts ; chopped

preheat oven to 400 . spray 12 muffin cups with nonstick spray . in
medium mixing bowl cmbine flour , milk powder , sugar , baking powder ,
baking soda and nutmeg ; stir to combine and set aside . in small bowl ,
combine buttermilk , egg , oil , and butter and stir until blended ; stir
in dry ingredients . add banana , raisins , and walnuts and stir to
combine ( mixture will be lumpy ) . fill each baking cup with an equal
amount of batter and bake for 15 minutes ( until golden brown and a
toothpick inserted in center comes out dry ) . transfer muffins from
pan to wire rack and cool . makes 12 servings , 1 muffin each . one
muffin equals 1/4 protein , 1/2 bread , 1 fat , 1/2 fruit , 1/4 milk , 30
optional calories . from ww meals in a minute cookbook . formatted by
joyce burton..pdpp83a .

yield : 12 servings




epangishimog pakwejigan ( shuswap bannock )

breads , bakery , native american

3 cup all-purposes flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup water
1 cup blueberries

mix the dry ingredients together , the add the water quickly &
continue to stir . spread batter on a pie plate & put in a preheated
oven heated to 425f . bake for 20 minutes . cut in pieces & serve hot
or cold . excellent with mint tea . **marks note : the recipe does n't
say when the blueberries should be added , i would assume that it
would be before mixing in the water .

yield : 8 servings




gingerbread scones with lemon breakfast cream

breads , breakfast

1/4 cup sugar
1/8 teaspoon cloves
1 3/4 cup flour
1/3 cup margerine
3/4 cup oats ( uncooked )
1/3 cup skim milk
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/3 cup currants or raisins
1 teaspoon ginger
2 egg whites , slightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoon molasses
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 lemon cream
3/4 cup ricotta cheese ( part-skim )
2 tablespoon lemonade , thawed concentrate

heat oven to 425 degrees . reserve 1 teaspoon of sugar ; combine
remaining sugar with next seven ingredients , mixing well . cut in
margarine until crumbly . add combined milk , currants , egg whites and
molasses , mixing just until moistened . turn out onto lightly floured
surface , knead gently 5 to 10 times . pat dough to 3/4-inch thickness .
cut with 2-1/2-inch heart-shaped or round biscuit cutter . place on
ungreased cookie sheet . sprinkle tops with reserved 1 teaspoon sugar .
bake 9 to 11 minutes or until golden brown .

place ricotta cheese and lemonade concentrate in blender or food
processor ; cover . blend on high or process until smooth . serve with
warm scones . makes 10 .

variation : for thinner cream consistency , add 1/2 cup low-fat lemon
yogurt .

rochester times union `` consuming interests '' column 7-29-91 . from
quaker oats `` it 's the right thing to do recipe contest winners '' 1990

yield : 10 servings




cinnamon wreaths

breads , entertain

5 1/2 to 6 - cups flour
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 oz envelopes active dry yeast
1 cup milk
1 cup butter or margarine
2 eggs , at room temperature
1 filling :
1 1/2 cup raisins
1 cup chopped walnuts
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 topping :
1 egg , beaten
1 dough :
1 cinnamon icing
1 walnuts and raisins

in a large bowl , mix 2 cups flour , sugar , salt and yeast . heat milk ,
water and butter 120 to 130 degrees ; add to flour mixture . beat 2
minutes . add eggs and another 1/2 cup flour , beat 2 minutes . stir in
enough flour to make a stiff dough . cover bowl with oiled plastic
wrap . let rise 20 minutes .

combine filling ingredients : set aside . turn dough onto floured
surface ; divide in half . for each wreath , roll half the dough into
and 18 x 10 '' rectangle . spread with half the filling ; roll into 18 ''
log . pinch seams . place , seam sides down , on an aluminum foil lined
baking sheets .

form each into a circle ; pinch ends together . slash dough at 1 ''
intervals ; gently , turn each piece of dough on its side . cover with
oiled plastic wrap ; let rise 45 minutes or until double in size .
preheat oven to 375 degrees . brush dough with beaten egg . bake 25
minutes or until golden . cool on racks . drizzle on cinnamon icing .
decorate with walnuts and raisins . makes 2 coffee breads .

cinnamon icing :

in a small bowl , combine 1/4 cup packed brown sugar and 1 tablespoon
boiling water ; mix to dissolve sugar . whisk in 1 cup powdered sugar ,
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon and 2 to 3 tablespoons milk to make a smooth
glaze .

yield : 2 servings




karat bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
3 eggs
1 cup vegetable oil
2 cup grated carrots
2 cup sugar ( or 1 1/2 cups plus 1/2 cup b ; rown sugar )
3 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 cup chopped pecans
8 oz crushed pineapple , drained

in a large mixing bowl beat eggs until foamy . add
oil , carrots and sugar . beat well . sift together
flour , baking soda , salt , baking powder and cinnamon .
add to egg mixture and blend well . stir in nuts and
pineapple . grease and flour 2 loaf pans . divide batter
between the pans . bake in a preheated 350 degree oven
for 1 hour , or until done . cool and remove from pans .

colorado cache cookbook ( 1978 ) from the collection of
jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




pumpernickel bagels

breads

3 tablespoon sugar + 1 tsp .
1/4 cup boiling water
1 cup warm ( 110 f. ) water
2 pkg dry yeast
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon melted butter
1 cup skim milk , scalded & cooled > >
1 to room temp .
1 cup pumpernickel flour
1 1/2 cup med . rye flour .
4 cup a/p flour , or as needed
-- -- egg wash -- --
1 egg beaten with 1 tb . water

in very small skillet , bring 3 tb . sugar to boil , stirring it over
moerate heat . should melt to rich , dark brown . carefully add the
boiling water and stir to dissolve the caramel . pour into dish to
cool .

combine warm water , yeast and remaining tsp . sugar and let stand til
foamy . abt . 10 min .

in lge mixing bowl , combine salt , shortening ( butter ) , cooled milk ,
and liquid caramel . add yeast mixture . stir in the pumpernickel and
rye flours , then 2 cups of the a/p flour . spread 1 cup of the
remaining a/p flour on work surface and turn the dough out onto it .
gradually incorporate the flour , kneading in as much more as
necessary to make a fairly stiff dough . knead well until the dough is
no longer sticky .

form dough into ball and place in greased bowl , turning once or twice .
cover with plastic and place in not too warm place . let proof until
double . punch dough down , halve it , and roll it into 2 10 '' cylinders .
cover with towel and let rest for 10 min .

cut each cylinder into 10 pcs . cover with dry towel , then damp one ,
and let rest another 10 min .

roll each pc . into `` snake '' abt . 8 '' long , tapered at ends . wet both
ends , overlap abt . 1 inch , and gently pinch ends together . place
finished bagels on 2 baking sheets covered with parchment , cover with
towel and let proof until not quite doubled . when ready , brush tops
with egg wash and place in 425 f. oven on 2 racks centered in oven .
bake 10 min . switch pans and bake 5 to 10 min . more until well
browned . cool on racks . store in plastic bags up to 2 days .
longer -- freeze .

yield : 20 servings




low carbohydrate waffles

breads , breakfast , low carb

1 cup protein drink mix
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 large egg , separated
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoon unsalted butter , melted

heat waffle iron . whisk dry ingredients together in a medium bowl .
whisk yolk with cream , water and butter . beat egg white until it just
holds a 2-inch peak . add liquid ingredients to dry ingredients in a
thin steady stream while gently mixing with a rubber spatula ; be
careful not to add liquid faster than you can incorporate it . toward
end of mixing , use a folding motion to incorporate ingredients ;
gently fold egg white into batter . spread appropriate amount of
batter onto waffle iron . following manufacturer 's instructions , cook
waffle until golden brown , 2 to 5 minutes . serve immediately . ( you
can keep waffles warm on a wire rack in a 200-degree oven for up to 5
minutes . ) makes 3 to 4 waffles . notes : `` if you 're out of buttermilk ,
try this sweet-milk variation . by making your own baking powder using
baking soda and cream of tartar and by cutting back on the quantity
of milk , you can make a thick , quite respectable batter . the result
is a waffle with a crisp crust and a moist interior . '' -- christopher
kimball , cook 's illustrated magazine . by `` classact '' < classact @ i1.net >
on mar 22 , 1997

recipe based on one by : cook 's illustrated magazine , nov/dec 1993

yield : 4 servings




buttermilk wheat loaf for the zojirushi

breads

1 1/2 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 2/3 cup bread flour
1/3 cup wheat flour
2 teaspoon active dry yeast

measure buttermilk , butter , sugar , salt , bread and wheat flour into
baking pan . tap container firmly to level out ingredients and
sprinkle yeast in center . insert pan securely into baking unit and
close lid . select basic white bread setting . press start . the
complete light will flash when bread is done . using hotpads , remove
pan from unit and pull out kneading rod . turn out onto cooling rack
and cool before slicing . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 loaf




old milwaukee rye

breads

-- -- sponge -- --
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
2 cup rye flour
2 tablespoon caraway seed
-- -- bread -- --
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1/4 cup molasses
1 egg
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup rye flour
6 cup bread flour
3 tablespoon butter

sponge preparation : dissolve 1 pk yeast in the warm water . stir in rye
flour and caraway seed . cover bowl snugly with plastic wrap and let
stand for 1-3 days . bake day preparation : sprinkle the remaining
package of yeast and remaining 1 cup water on the sponge mixture ,
blend well . add molasses , caraway seeds , egg , salt and rye flour and 2
cups of the bread flour . beat until smooth . add butter . stir in
remaining flour and mix well either with your hands or in a mixer
with dough hooks . knead for 5-10 minutes . put in a greased bowl and
let rise until doubled in bulk ( about 1 hour ) punch down and let
rest 10 minutes . shape into loaves or put into loaf pans , cover and
let rise until doubled . carefully make slashes on the top of each
loaf with a sharp knife or a razor blade , and brush with a beaten egg
mixed with a tablespoon of milk . bake at 375 f for about 40 minutes .
this will make 2 large loaves or 3 smaller ones . from *prodigy 's food
and wine bulletin board , from linda karner , -tnxc18b

yield : 2 servings




polish corn bread

breads

-- -- sourdough starter -- --
2 cup cold water
6 cup rye flour
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
-- -- bread -- --
4 cup warm water ( 105-110 f )
5 1/2 cup rye flour
5 1/2 cup all purpose flour
2 tablespoon salt
4 pkg dry yeast dissolved in 1/4 cup warm ; water ( 105-110f )
1/4 cup ground cornmeal
2 teaspoon caraway seeds

1 . start sourdough starter at least 3 days before baking : combine the
cold water , rye flour , and yeast in a bowl . mix well ; it will be
lumpy . pour the mixture in a clean bowl , cover with a cloth , and
refrigerate for 3 days . 2 . remove the starter from the refrigerator 2
hours before beginning to make the bread . 3 . transfer the starter to
a large bowl and add the warm water , yeast , flours , salt , cornmeal
and caraway seeds and mix until smooth , 5 minutes . 4 . divide the
dough in half . shape into 2 even rounds . place each round in a
lightly greased bowl , cover with a clean cloth , and set aside to rise
in a warm place until doubled in size , about 1-2 hrs . 5 . place a
roasting pan on the bottom of the oven and fill with hot water .
preheat the oven to 400f . sprinkle a baking sheet with corn- meal . 6 .
dampen your hands and reshape the bread into even round mounds . place
the loaves on a prepared baking sheet . bake the bread until crusty ,
about 2 hours . if the water in the roasting pan runs low during the
baking , replenish it to provide the bread with steam heat . cool , or
serve warm . makes 2 large loaves .

yield : 2 servings




crockpot pumpkin bread in jars

breads , crockpot

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 eggs
1/2 cup pumpkin ( canned )
4 tablespoon raisins or dried currants , finely

chopped

in small bowl combine flour , baking powder and pumpkin pie spice ; set
aside .

in med . mixing bowl combine brown sugar and oil ; beat till well
combined . beat in eggs . add pumpkin ; mix well . add flour mixture .
beat just until combined . stir in raisins .

pour pumpkin mixture into 2 well-greased and floured 1/2-pint
straight-sided canning jars . cover jars tightly w/greased foil . place
a piece of crumpled foil in 3-1/2 or 4 qt . crockery cooker with liner
in place . place jars atop crumpled foil .

cover ; cook on high setting for 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 hours or until a wooden
toothpick inserted near centers comes out clean .

remove jars from cooker ; cool 10 minutes in jars . remove bread from
jars . cool thoroughly on wire rack . makes 2 loaves .

for 3-1/2 to 4 quart crockpots -- halve all ingredients .

warning :

use only canning jars for this recipe . others may not be tempered to
withstand the heat . do not use coffee or vegetable cans as most
contain lead and are painted or sealed with materials that may give
off toxic gases when heated .

taken from `` better homes and gardens new crockery cooker ''

this recipe does n't say you can seal them up and store them in your
pantry but my kerr canning book recipe says you can ; here 's how :

remove jars from the oven one at a time , wipe rim of jar clean ; put
on lid and ring and screw on tightly .

jars will seal as the cake cools . store like canned goods .

if you 'll be giving these as gifts , take a piece of decorative cloth
( about 1-inch larger in circumference than the lid or as large as
you 'd like ) and put it on top of the lid , then screw on the ring .
make sure you screw the lid on very tightly . i like to use pinking
shears to cut the cloth out with .

yield : 2 servings




focaccia # 3

breads , italian

1 pkg yeast
1 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon olive oil
1/4 teaspoon sugar
2 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1 coarse sea salt
1 optional- green olives
1 optional- chopped onion

dissolve yeast in warm water with olive oil , 1 tsp . salt , and sugar .

stir in the flour a little at a time ; when you can no longer stir ,
turn the dough onto a floured board and knead till the dough is
smooth and elastic .

place dough in an oiled bowl and let rise till it has doubled in size ,
about 30-40 minutes .

shape the dough into an oval 1/2 inch thick with a rolling pin . make
decorative cuts on the top of the loaf with a sharp knife .

place the loaf on an oiled baking sheet , brush with olive oil , and
sprinkle with coarse salt ( also sprinkle with optional chopped olives
or chopped onions , if desired ) .let rise 20 minutes .

pre-heat oven to 450f degrees . bake loaf for 20-30 minutes , until
bread is nicely browned .

serve hot from the oven .

yield : 4 servings




jalapeno cheese loaf

breads , vegetables , both

1 oz dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1 each egg beaten
2 tablespoon butter
4 cup flour , divided
1 tablespoon sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
3 each jalapeno peppers small
1 cup cheddar cheese sharp
4 oz pimentos , drained , diced
1/4 cup onion , minced

in a large bowl dissolve yeast in warm water ; let stand for 5 min .
add egg and butter to yeast mixture ; mix until butter melts . in a
separate bowl , combine 3 cups flour , sugar , salt , and garlic salt .
gradually add flour mixture to yeast mixture ; beating at medium speed
of electric mixer until smooth . beat in peppers ( seeded and
chopped ) , shredded cheese , pimentos , onion , and enough remaining flour
to form a soft dough . turn out dough onto a well floured surface ;
knead for 5- 10 minutes or until smooth and elastic . place dough in
a greased bowl , turning to grease top . cover and let rise in a warm
draftfree place for 1 hour or until double in bulk . punch dough down .
turn out dough onto a well floured surface ; knead for 1 minute , shape
dough into a loaf ; place in grease 9x5x3 inch loaf pan . cover and let
rise in a warm place for 30 min or until double in bulk . bake at 400
deg f for 40-45 minutes or until loaf sounds hollow when tapped .
remove from pan and cool on wire rack note : this recipe won best of
show -- at the southwest florida fair 1991 from florida state fair
cookbook
1991

yield : 1 servings




hardee 's cinnamon `` flake '' biscuits

breads , desserts , biscuits

1 van geffen vghc42a
1 mixture
1 box kellogg 's bran flakes --
1 ( 1 ounce ) ( 1-serving
1 size )
1 tablespoon cinnamon
2 tablespoon brown sugar -- packed
2 tablespoon butter -- melted
1 biscuit dough
2 1/2 cup bisquick
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup dark raisins
1/3 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup tonic water
1/2 teaspoon vanilla

mixture-empty the box of cereal into blender . dump in cinnamon and
brown sugar and use high speed , on/off , for about 3 seconds or till
crumbled , but not powdered . empty into small bowl . stir in melted
butter with fork till mixture is completely softened . set aside .
biscuit dough-use a 2-qt mixing bowl . stir biscuick together with
sugar and raisins . putbuttermilk , tonic water and vanilla into
measuring cup , without stirring and pour into bisquick mixture . use
fork to mix until all of the liquid is absorbed . then knead in the
bowl with hands , dipping into additional bisquick , to make dough
smooth and no longer stick . break dough up into 4 or 5 portions in
the bowl - sprinkling the `` flake '' mixture over the dough and then
working it into your hands till most of it is pretty well evenly
distributed throughout the dough . you want more to `` marbelize '' the
dough than you do `` mix '' it into it . divide dough into 12 equal parts
and shape each into 1/2 '' thick patty , arranging close togethe r in
pam-sprayed 12 '' rouond or oven-proof skillet ( or use 2 8 '' round layer
cake pans ) . bake at 400~ for 25 minutes or until evenly golden .
remove pan to wire rack and wipe tops with icing at once using the
following recipe . icing-in small bowl with electric mixer on high
speed , beat 2 tb melted butter , 1 ts vanilla , 2 tb sour cream , dash
of salt and 1-1/2 c powdered sugar until smooth.place a rounded tb of
icing atop each biscuit right out of the oven . the heat of the
biscuit will soften the icing just enough that you can swirl it
around to coat the tops nicely , letting the icing stand on thewarm
biscuits half a minute before spreading it . refrigerate any leftover
icing in covered container to use within 2 weeks or freeze to use in
6 months .

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




french bread

breads , french

1 pkg yeast , dry
1/3 cup ; water , warm
1 tablespoon flour , rye
1 cup ; water , cold
1/8 teaspoon sugar
3 1/2 cup flour
2 1/4 teaspoon salt

calories per serving : 145 fat grams per serving : 4 approx . cook
time : 4:30

dissolve yeast and sugar in 1/3 cup water ; let proof . mix flours and
salt in a large mixing bowl . add one cup water to yeast water . add
water slowly to flour mixture , stirring until the dough makes a ball .
let the dough rest five minutes . add more flour to make a smooth
ball and knead for seven minutes . lete rest two minutes and knead
three minutes more . place dough in a clean , dry four-quart bowl .
cover and let rise 40 minutes . turn dough out ; pat into a 14 ''
rectangle and fold in thirds . repeat . return dough to bowl and let
rise 1-1/2 to 2 hours , or until tripled in bulk . form dough into two
baguettes , two round loaves , or 12 hard rolls . slash the top of each
with a razor blade . preheat oven to 400 f , placing a pan on the
bottom rack to heat . bake loaves 30 to 35 minutes , steaming the
loaves every four minutes for the first 15 minutes .

texas monthly magazine

yield : 1 servings




plain white bread ( powdered milk )

breads

3 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup powdered milk
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening , melted
3 cup bread flour
3 cup bread flour

combine water and sugar in large bowl . sprinkle yeast over mixture
and let stand 10 minutes .

add powdered milk , sugar , salt , shortening , and 3 cups flour . beat
til smooth . then add enough of the remaining 3 cups flour to make a
soft dough . turn out on a floured board and let rest 5 minutes .

knead until smooth using only enough flour to keep from sticking to
board . put into greased bowl , turning once to coat . place in slightly
warmed oven ( turn on for count of 30 to 60 , turn off ) and let rise til
doubled - about 1 hour .

turn out onto floured board . divide for loaves , roll out into
rectangle , then roll up again , tightly . place in greased loaf pans ,
tucking ends under . let rise in warm oven again for 3/4 hour until
doubled in size .

bake at 400f for 40 to 50 minutes til brown , cool on wire rack ,
enjoy .

( best reconstruction i can make of a badly faded recipe card . ; - ) )

yield : 2 servings




kona banana bread

breads

3/4 cup butter ; softened
1 1/2 cup sugar
3 each eggs
1 1/4 cup banana ; mashed
1 3/4 cup flour
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt

mix in order and pour into a greased 13x9 pan . bake at 350 degrees
for 35-40 minutes . ( in a glass pan , 325 for 30 minutes ) makes good
muffins too . ( 25 minutes in muffin tins . ) chocolate chips are a
good addition to the muffins .

contributor : carol mitchell

yield : 1 servings




toronto bran muffins

breads

1 1/4 cup hot milk
3 each eggs
2 tablespoon oil

combine cereal with hot milk in a 1-1/2 quart mixing bowl and let it
stand about 10 minutes -- -or until the cereal has absorbed all of the
milk . with the electric mixer on high speed , beat in the oil and eggs
till completely blended . remove the beaters . switch to a sturdy
spoon and dump in the cake mix , stirring only to moisten all of it
thoroughly -- -but do n't overmix or overbeat or the muffin texture will
be heavy and tough . the batter will be a bit lumpy . cover the bowl
and let the batter stand 15 minutes while you preheat the oven to 400
f , and grease 12 muffin tin wells in crisco , evenly . divide batter
equally between the 12 wells . if you are using cupcake tin wells , you
will have 15 muffins . bake at 400 for 20 to 25 minutes , or till
golden brown . wipe tops of each while still warm in softened
butter or margarine .

yield : 12 servings




liquid hop yeast

breads

-- -- lisa crawley/tspn -- --
1 yeast cake
1/4 cup lukewarm water
1/4 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon hop-flavored malt extract
1 quart boiling water
3 medium potatoes
1/4 cup sugar

dissolve yeast cake in lukewarm water , in which 1/4 ts . sugar has been
dissolved . set aside .
add malt extract to boiling water .
scrub potatoes ( do not peel ) . cut into sm . pieces and add to boiling
water . boil 10 min . add 1/4 c sugar , mash , and strain .
when mixture is lukewarm , add the dissolved yeast cake . let rise , or
`` work , '' in a warm place for 6 hrs . pour into mason jar and store in
refrigerator . makes 1 qt , approx . keeps for months . sufficient for 32
loaves . colonial cookbook , 1765 .

yield : 1 qt




spinach bread

breads , cheese

1 cup bisquick flour
1/4 cup oil
3 eggs
1 tablespoon ( about ) chopped onion

less than full pkg . frozen chopped spinach ( thaw and squeeze ) 1 cup
mozzarella cubed , ( about 2 thick slices cubed ) 1/2 cup ( about ) romano
or parmesan grated cheese

grease small loaf pan ( do not flour ) . mix all of above ingredents
together ( by hand-do not use mixer ) , will be lumpy . pour into loaf
pan . bake about 30/45 mins . at 350 degrees . can be served hot or
cold- slice to desired thickness .

note : i beat eggs by hand before adding to other ingredients

from : millie biunno new jersey quarter horse champion recipes shared
by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




hershey 's 50 % reduced fat banana nut bread

breads

1/2 cup fat-free dairy sour cream
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cup sugar
1/4 cup margarine ; softened
1/2 cup frozen egg substitute - thawed
3/4 teaspoon salt
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup mashed ripe banana ( 3 med . )
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
12 oz hershey 's baking chips ( reduced fat ; semi-sweet )
1/2 cup chopped nuts

heat oven to 350f . lightly spray two 9x5x3-inch loaf pans with
non-stick vegetable cooking spray . in small bowl , stir together sour
cream and baking soda ; set aside . in large bowl , beat sugar and
margarine on medium speed of electric mixer until well blended . add
egg substitute and salt ; beat well . gradually add flour to sugar
mixture , beating until well blended . add sour cream mixture , banana
and vanilla ; beat until smooth . fold in chips and nuts . pour batter
evenly into prepared pans . bake 45 to 55 minutes or until wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean . cool 10 minutes . remove from pans
to wire rack ; immediately wrap in plastic wrap . cool completely
before slicing .
2 loaves ( 32 servings ) .

nutrition facts :

serv size : 1 slice ( 53g ) , servings : 32 , amount per serving : calories
160 , fat cal . 35 , total fat 5g* ( 8 % dv ) , sat.fat 2.5g ( 13 % dv ) ,
cholest . 0mg ( 0 % dv ) , sodium 150mg ( 6 % dv ) , total carb . 27g ( 9 % dv ) ,
dietary fiber 1g ( 4 % dv ) , sugars 17g , protein 3g , vitamin a ( 0 % dv ) ,
vitamin c ( 0 % dv ) , calcium ( 0 % dv ) , iron ( 4 % dv ) . percent daily
values ( dv ) are based on a 2,000 calorie diet .

*contains 2g of salatrim per serving , only 55 % of which is used by the
body . therefore this recipe provides 4g of available fat per serving
vs 11g in the regular hershey 's chocolate chip banana nut bread recipe

hershey 's is a registered trademark of hershey foods corporation .
recipe may be reprinted courtesy of the hershey kitchens .

meal-master compatible recipe format by karen mintzias ( km @ salata.com )

yield : 2 loaves




biscuit bonanza

breads

-- -- ~biscuit bonanza in -- --

france , dessert is often constructed from towers of flaky puff
pastry , and in the middle east , paper-thin phyllo dough is either
left crispy or made soggy with syrup . but the u.s. has biscuits to
call its own . biscuits -- moist , tender and rich -- are used as an
alternative to a yeast-leavened bread . biscuits are closer in
technique to making pie crust than to making bread . the steps follow
the same order : cut the shortening into the flour mixture , add some
liquid and roll it out . once you 've mastered the technique , you can
not only delight in the aroma of biscuits browning for breakfast , you
can also bake scones for a proper english tea . ( the difference is
there are eggs in scones and not in biscuits ) . biscuits are similar
to real shortcakes , rather than the hockey pucks made from cellulose
sponges found next to the red glop in the produce department . and you
can crown fresh fruit with a biscuit dough topping and call it a
cobbler . start by sifting the dry ingredients ~-flour , baking powder
or soda , salt , sugar and so forth . then cut in the butter or
shortening until the mixture resembles a fine meal , like breadcrumbs .
while a wire-blade pastry blender is useful , you can use two knives ,
pulse a food processor fitted with the steel blade on and off a few
times , or use your fingertips . the third step is adding the liquid .
the trick is to accomplish this quickly , so that the ingredients are
just blended enough to hold together . it 's tempting to do more , but
that 's what makes biscuits or their first cousins tough . once liquid
is added to flour the gluten formation begins , and any agitation
intensifies this process . turn the dough out onto a well-floured
surface , such as a counter or a pastry board , and use the same
restraint that went into adding the liquid . do n't knead it more than
10 times , just enough to give it a push in the oven , but not enough
to make it chewy . now either roll or pat the dough into the proper
thickness . the dough should be less than 1 in thick . cut it into
desired shapes . no fancy cutters ? use juice cans ( a 2 in diameter ) or
an upside down glass .

yield : 1 servings




ww apple-orange spice muffins

breads , weight watcher

3/4 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 dash salt , nutmeg , & cloves
1/3 cup instant nonfat dry milk powd
2 tablespoon plus 2 tsp . margarine
1 tablespoon plus 1 tsp . fimrly packed
1 brown sugar
1 large egg , separated
2 sm . pared , grated applies
2 tablespoon raisins
1 tablespoon plus 1 tsp . frz . concen .
1 apple juice ( no sugar added )
1 grated orange peel
1 dash cream of tartar

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. into small bowl sift together flour ,
baking powder , cinnamon , baking soda , salt , nutmeg and cloves ; stir
in milk powder and set aside . in mixing bowl cream margarine with
sugar ; add egg yolk and , using electric mixer on medium speed , beat
until thick and creamy . add apples , raisins , juice , and orange peel
and stir to combine ; add flour mixture and beat until well blended .
in separate bowl , using clean beaters and mixer on high speed , beat
egg white with cream of tartar until stiff but not dry ; fold into
batter . spray eight 2 1/2 inch diameter nonstick muffin pan cups with
nonstick cooking spray ; spoon 1/8 of batter into each sprayed cup
( each will be about 2/3 full ) and partially fill remaining cups with
water ( this will prevent pan from burning and/or warping ) . bake 20 to
25 minutes ( until cake tester , inserted in center , comes out clean ) .
remove pan from oven and carefully drain off water ( remember , it will
be boiling hot ) ; remove muffins to wire rack and let cool . makes 4
servings of 2 muffins each !

each serving provides : 1 b , 2 f , 1 fr , 1/4 m , 40 optional calories .

per serving : 267 calories ; 6 g protein ; 9 g fat ; 40 g carbohydrate ;
177 mg calcium ; 343 mg sodium ; 70 mg cholesterol .

yield : 4 servings




knach kuken

breads

1 cup sugar
1 each egg
1 cup hickory nuts
1 sponge ; enough for 1 loaf
1 butter ; piece size of a wal nut

enough sponge for a loaf of bread . work into this
a piece of butter size of a walnut . mix well . place in
greased bread loaf pan , let rise until double in bulk
and bake .

note : assume moderate oven 350 - 400 f. time ?
probably 40 - 50 minutes .

source : mrs. h. s. lewis , benton grange , ottawa
county , oh

yield : 1 servings




nero wolfe 's corn fritters

breads

8 ears fresh corn
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 egg whites
1/2 cup vegetable oil ( or more )

remove the husks from the corn and score each row of ears , letting
the corn milk drain into a bowl . then cut the kernels off into the
bowl . add the salt , milk , and sifted flour , and blend well . let the
mixture stand in the refrigerator for 15 minutes . beat the egg whites
until stiff and fold gently into the batter . drop by spoonfuls into
hot oil ( 1/2 inch deep in the skillet ) and cook until golden brown ,
turning once . serve immediately with blackberry jam , honey or anchovy
butter .

source : the nero wolfe cookbook by rex stout the viking press , inc .
625 madison avenue , new york , ny 10022 isbn 670-50599-4 lib . of
congress # 72-75754 1973

yield : 12 servings




whole wheat honey-walnut bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup walnuts ( 1 oz ) ; chopped
2 teaspoon honey
15/16 cup water ( 7 1/2 fl.oz )
1 teaspoon dry yeast

timer or bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except
liquids and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close
cover and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat
bake mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




christmas stollen

breads , swedish

1 cup milk
1/2 cup plus 2 tbsp granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
5 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1/2 cup finely chopped candied citron
1/2 cup finely chopped candied cherries
1 cup slivered almonds
1 grated rind of 1 lemon
1 cup seedless raisins
2 eggs , beaten
1 cup ( 2 sticks ) butter , softened
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2/3 cup sifted confectioners ' sugar
2 tablespoon hot water

pour milk into a saucepan . heat to scalding . turn off heat ; stir in
1/2 cup of the granulated sugar and the salt . let mixture cool to
lukewarm . in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in the 1/2 cup warm water ;
let mixture rest for 5 minutes . pour lukewarm milk mixture into yeast
solution . stir in 1 cup of the flour . beat dough with electric mixer
or egg beater until smooth . cover bowl with cloth towel ; let dough
rise in a warm place 1 hour and 30 minutes or until double in bulk .

punch down dough in bowl ; fold in citron , cherries , almonds , lemon
rind and raisins . add eggs , 3/4 cup ( 1 1/2 sticks ) of the softened
butter and the nutmeg . stir in 3 more cups flour ; mix dough until
smooth . turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface . knead , working
in enough of remaining flour to make dough smooth and elastic . divide
dough into halves ; roll each portion into an oval , about 1/2 '' thick .

in a small saucepan , melt remaining butter ; brush it over ovals . in a
small bowl , combine cinnamon with remaining 2 tbsp granulated sugar ;
sprinkle mixture over ovals . fold ovals in half , lengthwise . place
them on buttered baking sheet . twist ends of each oval toward each
other to form a crescent . loosely cover ovals with wax paper and a
cloth towel . let stollen rise in a warm place about 1 hour or until
double in bulk .

preheat oven to 350 degrees . bake stollen 45 minutes or until golden .
in a small bowl , combine confectioners ' sugar with enough of the hot
water to make a thick icing . dribble icing over hot stollen ; let
stollen cool before slicing . makes 1 stollen .

yield : 1 servings




pizza rounds

breads , cheese/eggs , pizza

1 lb ground beef
1 lb hot sausage
2 cup grated cheddar cheese
4 each green onions , chopped
8 oz tomato sauce
4 oz green chilies
1 each dash oregano
1 each dash garlic powder
1 each loaf french bread

in a large skillet brown the ground beef and sausage . drain well .
stir in cheese , tomato sauce , chilies , oregano and garlic powder .
spread on thinly sliced french bread . place under broiler until
cheese bubbles . serve hot . you can use party rye bread instead of
french if desired .

yield : 12 servings




irish soda scones

breads , irish

-- -- from lois flack -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs ( 31507861120 -- --
1 * * * * * *
1 lb white flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cream of tarter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon margarine
1 cup buttermilk

preheat oven to 350f . sift dry ingredients . cut in margarine .
add buttermilk a little at a time to make a stiff dough . knead for
two or three minutes . roll out to 1/2 inch thick on a floured
surface . cut with a 3-inch biscuit cutter and place on a cookie
sheet . bake 15 minutes . when brown on top , turn and brown the other
side .

makes 6 - 8 scones .

source : `` the cookin ' o'the green '' - february '94 edition - family
magazine .

typed for you bu lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny .

yield : 6 scones




honey corn bread

breads

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup yellow cornmeal
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 cup whipping cream
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup honey

in a bowl , combine flour , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder , and salt .
in a small mixing bowl , beat the eggs . add cream , oil , and honey ;
beat well . stir into the dry ingredients just until moistened . pour
into a greased 9-inch square baking pan . bake at 400 degrees for
20-25 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out
clean .

yield : 9 servings




honey `` risin '' bread

breads

1 mary bowles dnsr31a
1 pkg yeast
3 tablespoon warm water
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/3 cup honey
1/4 cup butter ; softened
3 eggs ; beaten
1/4 cup sugar
1 3/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt

mix yeast , water and 1 teaspoon sugar . let set 15 minutes or until
foamy . heat 1 cup honey to boil . pour in bowl and cool 3 minutes . add
butter and beat smooth . beat eggs and sugar until lemony colored and
add honey butter and yeast . stir in 3/4 cup flour . sift together 1
cup flour , baking powder , spices and salt . add to honey mixture and
mix well . turn into well-buttered and floured loaf pan and bake at
350 degrees for 50 minutes . cool in pan for 10 minutes . turn onto
rack and brush with 1/3 cup honey .

yield : 12 servings




johnny town-mouse 's granola

breads , quick & easy

2 cup oatmeal
1/2 cup wheat germ
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 cup honey
1/4 cup dried apricots
1/4 cup unsweetened coconut
1/4 cup sesame seeds
1/4 cup raw , unsalted , sunflower
1 seeds
1/4 cup dried fruit
1/4 cup raisins

combine oatmeal , wheat germ and salt ; add honey and oil . bake on
ungreased cookie sheet for 30 minutes at 250 . stir in remaining
ingredients ( except raisins ) and bake 15 minutes more ( longer if you
like coconut toasty ) . stir in raisins and let cool . makes about 5
cups .

recipe by :

yield : 10 servings




rye bread & sausage

breads

1 lb lean ground beef
1 lb jimmy dean hot sausage
1 lb velveeta cheese
2 pkg pepperidge farm party rye

fry the beef and hot sausage , and drain excess fat . melt the cheese .
mix the ground beef , sausage and melted cheese . let it cool . spread
the mix on the rye bread . freeze on a cookie sheet . put into plastic
bags . thaw . bake at 350'f . for 15 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 1 servings




bye bye butter stuffing

breads , poultry , magazine

1 can swanson chicken broth ; 14oz
1 dash pepper
1 stalk celery ; chopped
1 small onion ; coarsely chopped
4 cup pepperidge farm herb season
1 . stuffing

in a medium saucepan mix the broth , pepper , celery and onion . over
high heat , heat to a boil . reduce heat to low . cover and cook 5
minutes or until the vegetables are tender .

add the dry stuffing . mix lightly .

** american health -- november 1995 **

yield : 4 servings




jewish `` corn '' bread

breads , sourdough , jewish

1 1/2 cup water , warm ( 110 degree )
1 pkg yeast , dry
1/2 teaspoon sugar
4 teaspoon salt
3 cup rye sourdough starter
1 measured after stirring down
1 at room temperature .
2 cup flour , gluten
3 1/2 cup flour , all-purpose or as
1 needed .
1 cornmeal ( for sprinkling
1 the baking sheets )
1 glaze :
1 egg white beaten with 2 tbs
1 water .
1 optional topping :
2 teaspoon chernushka ( black caraway )
1 seeds .

you can buy chernushka `` black caraway '' in some health food stores or
from mail-order . they are nothing like the familiar caraway seeds .
this bread is a new york specialty , usually made in bakeries .

1 . combine 1/2 cup of the warm water , the yeast and sugar and let
stand until doubled in bulk , about 10 minutes .
2 . dissolve the salt
in the remaining warm water in a mixing bowl . mix in the sourdough
starter , then the yeast mixture , then the gluten flour and 2 cups of
the all-purpose flour ; make a soft dough .
3 . spread 1 1/2 cups flour
on the kneading surface and turn the dough out onto it . knead , adding
more flour if necessary to make a soft dough that will hold its
shape . do not overknead.. the dough should be only slightly elastic ,
even a bit sticky .
4 . form the dough into a ball and put in an
ungreased bowl ; cover with plastic , and let rise until doubled in
bulk , about 1 1/2 hours .
5 . turn the dough out onto a lightly flour
surface and knead it a few strokes to expel air . cover with a towel
and let rest for 15 minutes .
6 . divide the dough in half . form each
half into a loaf by flattening in to an inch-thick oval about 12
inches long , then rolling it up from one long side . pinch the seam
closed . shape the ends of the oval loaves neatly and plce them on two
cornmeal-dusted baking sheets , seam down . cover with towels and let
rise until `` three-quarters proofed , '' or not fully doubled .
7 . while the loaves are rising , set a large roasting pan containing 2
inches of boiling water on the oven floor ( or the lowest shelf of an
electric oven ) and preheat the oven to 400 degrees .
8 . brush the
loaves with egg-white glaze , being careful not to let the glaze drip
onto the pan , as it sticks and burns . with a single-edged razor
blade or a small , sharp knife , cut three diagonal slashes , holding
the blade almost parallel to the surface , about 1/4 inch deep on each
loaf . sprinkle the loaves with `` black caraway '' or caraway seeds , if
you like .
9 . bake for 30 minutes on the middle and upper shelves of
the oven , then brush again with glaze , exchange shelf positions , and
remove the water pan . bake for 20 to 30 minutes longer , or until
there is a hollow sound when you rap the bottom of the loaf .
10 . cool the bread on racks .

yield : 2 servings




more flour tortillas

breads , mexican

3 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup oil
1 cup water ( warm )

from : phil johnson @ 906/201 * flour tortillas * * mix
ingredients until dough no longer sticks to sides of bowl . divide
into 8-10 small balls . coat each one with shortening . flour counter
top and roll ( rolling pin ) to a 6-9 inch circle . when desired size
is obtained , place on a hot griddle . the tortilla will puff up . turn
over ( no longer than 2 minutes ) and brown other side . fill with your
choice of meat , beans , potatoes , scrambled eggs , etc .

yield : 6 servings




banana-sour cream coffee cake

breads , cakes

1/2 cup pecans ; chopped
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 cup bananas ; mashed
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup sour cream
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon soda
1/4 teaspoon salt

combine pecans , 1/4 c sugar , and cinnamon ; stir well , and set aside .

combine shortening and 1 cup sugar ; cream until light and fluffy .
beat in eggs , bananas , and vanilla ; stir in saour cream .

combine remaining dry ingredients ; add to creamed mixture , and stir
just enough to blend .

sprinkle half of reserved cinnamon mixture into bottom of a
well-greased 10inch bundt pan ; spoon half of batter into pan .
sprinkle remaining cinnamon mixture over batter ; spoon remaining
batter into pan . bakeat 350 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes or until
cake tests done .

cool cake 5 mintus in pan on a wire rack . loosen edges of cake , if
necessary . invert cake on serving plate ; serve warm or cold .


source : southern living magazine , sometime in 1980 . typed for you by
nancy coleman .

yield : 1 cake




sourdough buns

breads

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1/3 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sourdough starter
5 1/2 cup flour
1/4 cup butter

dissolve yeast in 2 c lukewarm water . add sugar , salt , starter , and
flour . cover ; let rise to doubled . roll out dough to 3/4 in thick .
cut with biscuit cutter . dip both sides in butter . place on
well-greased baking pan . if touching will be soft , if not , will have
crust . let rise 15 min . bake at 375 for
20 min .

yield : 12 servings




soft ginger bread

breads

1 cup butter
1 cup sugar , white
2 teaspoon baking soda ( that 's soda , not powde ; r )
1 cup water ( boiling )
1 cup blackstrap molasses
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ginger
1 teaspoon cinnamon
2 3/4 cup white flour
2 large eggs
1/4 cup sugar , powdered
1/4 cup diluted milk ( half milk and half wa ; ter )

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. cream together the butter and sugar in a
bowl big enough to hold the entire recipe .

dissolve the baking soda in about 1 cup boiling water . add that mixture
and the molasses , salt , ginger , cinnamon and flour to the butter-sugar
cream . mix only until moistened and evenly distributed .

lightly beat the eggs , then add them to the bowl and beat the complete
mixture well . grease a 9 x 13 shallow baking pan ( or a 10-inch round
casserole dish ) . pour the mixture into the dish . bake for about 45 minutes ,
or until a poked toothpick comes out clean .

mix the powdered sugar and the diluted milk together to form an icing , and
brush on to the gingerbread .

serve warm ! you can make a refreshing variation on this basic recipe by
replacing about 1 cup of the flour with whole-wheat flour , reducing the
sugar to about 1/2 cup and increasing the molasses to about 1 1/4 cups .

notes :

* traditional gingerbread , soft and chewy -- i got this recipe from a
college roommate , who got it from her mother . yield : makes 1 pan
gingerbread .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : 20 minutes plus baking and cooling time .
: precision : measure the ingredients .

: loretta guarino reid , guarino @ decwrl
: dec western software laboratory
: palo alto , california

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 1 batch




andrea 's coffee cake

breads , breakfast

1/4 lb margarine
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon vanilla
-- -- for the filling -- --
1/4 teaspoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup chopped nuts
1 ===========================
3 tablespoon melted butter

mix all ingredients for the cake together . beat 3 minutes . put 1/2 of
the batter into a well greased tube pan . sprinkle with half the
filling mixture . pour remaining batter on top . sprinkle with
remaining filling topping . pour 3 t melted butter over the top of the
cake and bake at 350f for 45 min .

source : andrea cassoni , cyberealm bbs originally posted 10/92 typed
in mm format by linda fields , cyberealm bbs watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 1 loaf




baby routh 's rosemary muffins with goat cheese

breads , herbs

3/4 cup milk
3/4 cup golden raisins
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
1/4 cup unsalted butter
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
8 tablespoon goat cheese

rosemary , golden rasins , and a creamy goat cheese center make these
muffins taste so special . carla wood , sous chef and butcher at baby
routh in dallas serves them with wild game , lamb , or pork dishes or
with a festive luncheon salad .

directions : =========== simmer milk , raisins , and rosemary in a small
saucepan for 2 minutes . remove from heat , add butter and stir until
melted . let cool .

mix dry ingredients in a large bowl . beat egg into cooked milk
mixture . add to dry ingredients and mix lightly just until dry
ingredients are moistened . spoon 1/3 of the batter into 12 greased
muffin cups . place 2 teaspoons of goat cheee in center of batter in
each cup . cover cheese with remaining batter , dividing among each of
the muffins . bake approximately 20 minutes in a preheated 350 degree
f oven , or until brown and springy in the center .

serve muffins hot or cool . if desired , a 3/4-inch cube of cream
cheese may be substituted for goat cheese . without cheese , muffins
are still delicious !

* source : the herb garden cookbook , by lucinda hutson * typed for you
by karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




dilly rice muffins-ada

breads , low cal , diabetic

1 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 egg
1/2 cup lowfat milk
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 cup cooked rice
2 tablespoon minced green onion
2 tablespoon parsley flakes *
2 tablespoon minced fresh dill *

combine the flour , sugar , and baking powder in a bowl . stir to mix .
beat the egg , milk , and oil together . add to the flour mixture along
with the remaining ingredients . mix just until the batter is blended .
spoon into oiled muffin tins or papper muffin cups . bake in a
400-degree oven for 12 to 15 minutes , or until brown . * may
substitute 2 teaspoons of dried herbs . from the ada holiday cookbook .
by betty wedman . 1 serving= 1 muffin = 1 bread exchange + 1 fat
exchange = 113 cal , 15 cho , 3 pro , 5 fat , 133 na , 49 k , 35 cholest

yield : 8 servings




bread pudding..vhpk03a

breads , desserts , chocolate , puddings

1 bread ; to fill dish 2/3 full
2/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon cocoa
2 cup milk
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla

into a greased casserole dish break up enough bread to fill it 2/3
full . over this pour 2/3 cup sugar , 2 heaping tbsp cocoa that have
been mixed together . toss all together lightly ( to coat the bread ) .
to 2 cups of milk add 2 well beaten eggs and 1 tsp vanilla . pour this
over the bread and it should just cover the pieces . bake at 350 for
about 45 minutes . serve with milk ... or with a lump of butter melting
into the nice warm pudding . or with cool whip , etc .

yield : 6 servings




crusty rye bread

breads

2 cup rye flour
1 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoon cider vinegar
1/2 cup unbleached white flour

in a deep bowl , measure our the rye flour . make a well in the centre .
dissolve the yeast in the water & add to the bowl . add salt , oil &
vinegar . stir vigorously . add the white flour . knead well till the
dough is pliable . form into a round bread . use a brush to oil the
surface & set in a 9 '' round pan . allow to double in size . preheat
oven to 350f & bake for 1 hour 15 minutes .

yield : 1 loaf




irish soda bread 2

breads

1 tablespoon butter , softened
4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup buttermilk

preheat the oven to 425 . with a pastry brush coat a baking sheet
evenly with the tablespoon of softened butter . sift the flour , soda
and salt together into a deep mixing bowl . gradually add 1 cup of the
buttermilk , beating constantly with a large spoon until the dough is
firm enough to be gathered into a ball . if the dough crumbles , beat
up to 1/2 cup more buttermilk into it by the tablespoon until the
particles adhere .

place the dough on a lightly floured board and pat and shape it into
a flat circular loaf about 8 '' in diameter and 1 1/2 `` thick . set he
loaf on the baking sheet . then with the tip of a small knife cut a
1/2 '' deep x into the dough , dividing the top of the loaf into quarters .

bake the brad int the middle of the oven for about 45 minutes or
until the top is golden brown .

there are a couple of variations on this . you can add 1 cup currants
or raisins with the flour . also you can sprinkle the top of the loaf
with caraway seeds .

yield : 1 8in loaf




piskota fank- ( hungarian doughnuts with cream )

breads , hungarian

-- -- the art of hungarian cooking -- -
-- -- fank -- --
1/2 lb sweet butter
4 whole eggs
5 tablespoon sugar
1 yeast cake dissolved in
1/2 cup warm milk
4 egg yolks
5 tablespoon sour cream
2 cup flour
1 egg
-- -- cream mix -- --
1/2 pint milk
4 egg yolks
2 tablespoon sugar

beat butter until creamy , beat in 4 whole eggs , beat in 4 egg
yolks , add sugar and sour cream , add flour and the yeast mixutre .
beat until smooth , set aside to rest and rise until doubled in size .
place on board that has been dusted with flour . roll out to 3/4 inch
thickness , cut with doughnut cutter . put in greased pan , lat raise 40
minutes . brust top with beaten egg . bake in 350 f oven for 1/2 hour .
for cream mix ; cook milk , egg yolks and sugar over low heat , in
double boiler until mixture is smooth . stirring all the while , cool
and pour over doughnuts and serve .
from `` the art of hungarian cooking '' - put out by st. emery 's school
building fund , fairfield . ct.-1955
formatted by baker smurf-marge nemeth-gnfk05b

yield : 1 servings




crockpot pumpkin bread

breads , crockpot

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 eggs
1/2 cup pumpkin ( canned )
4 tablespoon raisins or dried currants , finely c ; hopped

in small bowl combine flour , baking powder and pumpkin pie spice ; set
aside .

in med . mixing bowl combine brown sugar and oil ; beat till well
combined . beat in eggs . add pumpkin ; mix well . add flour mixture .
beat just until combined . stir in raisins .

pour pumpkin mixture into 2 well-greased and floured 1/2-pint
straight-sided canning jars . cover jars tightly w/greased foil . place
a piece of crumpled foil in 3-1/2 or 4 qt . crockery cooker with liner
in place . place jars atop crumpled foil .

cover ; cook on high setting for 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 hours or until a wooden
toothpick inserted near centers comes out clean .

remove jars from cooker ; cool 10 minutes in jars . remove bread from
jars . cool thoroughly on wire rack . makes 2 loaves .

for 3-1/2 to 4 quart crockpots -- halve all ingredients .

warning :

use only canning jars for this recipe . others may not be tempered to
withstand the heat . do not use coffee or vegetable cans as most
contain lead and are painted or sealed with materials that may give
off toxic gases when heated .

yield : 2 servings




settin ' 'round bread

breads

1/4 cup water ( at 105 degrees )
1/3 cup turbinado sugar ( most any sugar wil ; l do , though )
2 pkg yeast ( dry ) , active
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup shortening
1 1/2 cup water
1/2 cup milk
1 large egg
1 cup dry milk , non-fat
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon honey
1/8 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1/2 cup rolled oats
1/2 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup bran
1/4 cup cracked wheat
1/4 cup buckwheat
1/2 cup soy flour
1 cup rye flour
2 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
3 cup white flour
1 butter

melt the shortening and the butter . let them cool a bit , so as not to kill
the yeast when they are added to the dough . if you want to scald the milk ,
do so , and also let it cool ( it is common practice to scald milk before
baking with it , though i never do . )

dissolve the yeast and sugar in the 1/4 cup of lukewarm water .

mix the cinnamon , oats , corn meal , bran , cracked wheat , buckwheat , soy
flour and rye flour . add the rest of the water , the milk , butter ,
shortening , egg and honey , and mix well . stir in the dissolved yeast
mixture . mix in the salt and the whole wheat flour .

stir in the white flour , about 1/2 cup at a time , until the mixture is
stiff enough to knead . you 'll probably have about half of it left .

remove the dough from the mixing bowl , onto a floured surface . knead the
dough , adding more white flour as necessary to keep the dough workable .
knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic , about ten minutes . it 's
okay if you end up using less than or more than the three cups of white
flour ; just use whatever it takes .

put the dough back into a bowl that 's been very lightly greased . let it
rise , covered , in a still , warm place ( around 85 degrees f. is best , though
room temperature will work ) for 45 minutes , or until it has doubled in
bulk .

punch the dough down , divide in half , shape into loaves and place each half
into a loaf pan which has been very lightly greased . let rise again , for
another 45 minutes , in a still , warm place , until the loaves have about
doubled in bulk .

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. as the bread finishes rising . bake the
bread for 35-40 minutes , until it sounds hollow when tapped . remove from
the loaf pans and rub the top of the loaves with some butter to give them a
nice , soft , chewy crust .

notes :

* a 7-grain bread for toasting or eating plain -- this bread was first
made from whatever was settin ' 'round the kitchen when i started baking . it
has a wonderful texture and flavor . yield : 2 large loaves .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : about 3 hours ( half of it rising time ) .
: precision : approximate measurement ok .

: alan m. marcum
: sun microsystems , mountain view , california
: sun ! nescorna ! marcum

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




butter biscuits with orange butter

breads , biscuits

-- -- biscuits -- --
2 cup flour , all purpose
4 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter , cut into pieces
2/3 cup milk
-- -- orange butter -- --
1/2 cup butter , softened
3 tablespoon orange marmalade

preparation and baking time : 45 minutes

heat oven to 450f . in a medium bowl combine flour , sugar , baking
powder , cream of tartar and salt . cut in 1/3 cup butter until mixture
resembles fine crumbs . stir in milk just until blended . turn dough
onto a lightly floured surface ; knead 15 seconds . roll dough to 1/2
inch thickness . cut with 2 1/2 inch round cutter . place 1 inch apart
on cookie sheet . bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown .
meanwhile in a small bowl stir together orange butter ingredients .
serve warm biscuits with orange butter . yield : 8 biscuits , 2/3 cup
orange butter .

nutrition information ( 1 serving ) : calories - 330 protein - 4g
carbohydrates - 34g fat - 20g cholesterol - 53mg sodium - 425mg

source : land o lakes summer favorites shared by : david knight

yield : 8 servings




parmesan crackers

breads

8 tablespoon ( 1 stick ) butter or
1 margarine , softened
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup ( about 8 ounces ) finely
1 grated parmesan cheese
1 egg yolk
1/2 cup water

`` parmesan crackers are great with a cold beer or soda . once you have
started eating them , it is nearly impossible to stop . 350~f . 15 to 20
minutes preheat the oven to 350~f . in a large bowl or in the food
processor , cut the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles
coarse meal . add the cheese and egg yolk and mix well . add enough of
the water to form a dough that will hold together in a cohesive ball .
the texture will be somewhat crumbly , but the dough will hold
together when pressed . divide the dough into 2 equal portions for
rolling . on a floured surface or pastry cloth , roll each into a
rectangle about 1/4 inch thick . cut out individual crackers about 2
inches across with a cookie cutter or sharp knife and arrange them on
an ungreased baking sheet . prick each cracker 2 or 3 times with the
tines of a fork . bake for 10 minutes . turn the crackers over and bake
another 5 to 10 minutes , or until medium brown . cool the crackers on
a rack . yield : 40-50 .

yield : 50 servings




mrs. field 's soft & chewy peanut butter cookies

biscuits

2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cups . dark brown sugar , firmly pack ; ed
1 1/4 cup white sugar
1 cup salted butter , softened
3 large eggs
1 cup creamy peanut butter
2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract

from : mrs. fields cookie cookbook posted by : donna ransdell

preheat oven to 300 f. in a medium bowl , combine flour , soda and
salt . mix well with a wire whisk . in a large bowl blend sugars using
an electric mixer set at medium speed . add butter and mix to form a
grainy paste , scraping the sides of the bowl . add eggs , peanut butter
and vanilla , and mix at medium speed until light and fluffy . add the
flour mixture and mix at low speed until just mixed . do n't overmix .

drop by rounded tablespoons onto an ungreased cookie sheet , 1 1/2 ''
apart . with a wet fork gently press a crisscross pattern on top of
cookies . bake for 18-22 minutes til cookies are slightly brown along
edges . transfer immediately to cool surface with a spatula . ( mrs .
fields uses her countertop rather than papertowels or racks . )

yield : 6 servings




caraway rye *** xxmx58b

breads , jewish

1 cup flour ; better for bread flo
1 cup flour ; all purpose
1/2 cup rye flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup warm water
1 1/4 teaspoon yeast

add in the order required for your bm it is on the sweet side . re-
ally our favorite . from : joyce alenskis ( xmxx58b )

yield : 1 servings




lemon pepper popovers

breads , low fat

1 cup flour , unbleached white
1 cup skim milk ; at room temp
1 tablespoon olive oil , extra virgin
1/4 teaspoon salt ; or to taste
1/2 teaspoon black pepper ; coarsely ground or cracke
2 teaspoon lemon rind ; freshly grated
3 each egg whites ; lightly beaten

*anne 's note : i 'd omit the salt to reduce the sodium

`` these delicious popovers take advantage of lemon 's strong affinity
with freshly ground black pepper . they rise best in baked in deep
molds in a very hot oven . one of the best ways to grate lemon peel is
to remove the zest in strips using a vegetable peeler , then grind it
to a powder in a spice mill . ''

preheat oven to 450f . sift the flour into a mixing bowl and gradually
whisk in the milk . add the remaining ingredients , whisking just to
mix . the mixture should be the consistency of heavy cream . if
necessary , add more milk . grease popover molds or muffin cups with
vegetable oil spray or a little olive oil . fill each mold 1/2 full .
bake for 15 minutes without opening the door . reduce heat to 375f and
continue baking for 20 to 25 minutes , or until the popovers are
browned . unmold and serve at once .

119 calories per serving : 5 g protein , 3 g fat , 18 g carbohydrate , 166
sodium , 1 mg cholestrol

makes : 6-8 large popovers source : _stephen raichlen 's high-flavor
low-fat cooking_ posted by anne maclellan

yield : 6 servings




banana bread 3

breads

8 oz self-raising flour
2 oz butter
2 tablespoon sunflower oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 oz dried mixed fruit
2 eggs
1 lb soft bananas

mix all the ingredients , except the dried fruit , together in a food
processor . when the bananas are completely mashed , add the dried
fruit . mix well and pour into a buttered non-stick 2 pound loaf tin ,
leaving an inch from the top . bake for 90 minutes at gas mark 4 ,
350f , 180c . cover the top with foil if you think it might burn . leave
in the tin for a minute or two then turn on to a rack .

yield : 1 servings




more fillings for tassies

breads

6 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup lemon juice
2 eggs
1/4 to 1/2 tsp lemon peel

source : natl cooking echo 19 jun 90

contributed to the echo by : debra heng

i have n't made these lemon ones yet , but i scaled down a larger
recipe from some cookbook to resemble the pecan tassie proportions ,
hoping to have enough lemon filling for a batch of tartlets . so it
may or may not be enough , thought i 'd let ya know .

lemon tassie filling

in a small saucepan over low heat , cook the 1 st three until
dissolved . beat the eggs with a mixer and add the hot mix very
slowly , mixing constantly . then return mix to the saucepan and cook
for about 3 minutes until it 's of pudding consistency . stir in lemon
peel . let cool to room temp . fill each tartlet with about 2 tsps of
the lemon mix . bake at 350 f for 20-25 mins. , or until golden .

the back of the tart tamper package also suggested some other
fillings , like cherry or blueberry pie filling , or vanilla pudding
topped afterwards with a strawberry or a few blueberries ( glaze with
some heated currant jelly ) .

or make hors d'oeuvres by filling with your favorite quiche recipe , or

yield : 6 servings




glazed orange bread

breads

3 tablespoon oil
3/4 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon orange juice
2 eggs
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 dash salt
1/2 cup milk
1 tablespoon grated orange rind

preparation time : 20 min . baking time : 50 to 55 min . oven
temperature : 325 degrees f .

for 1 loaf you will need :

orange glaze : for orange glaze mix together 3 tbsp . powdered sugar
and 1 tbsp . orange juice . add 1 to 2 tbsp . orange juice . add 1 to 2
tbsp . grated orange rind .

1 . mix together oil and sugar . stir in orange juice .

2 . add eggs , one at a time , beating thoroughly after each addition .

3 . in another bowl , mix together flour , baking powder and salt .

4 . add flour mixture to oil-sugar mixture alternately with the milk .
stir in the orange rind . beat well .

5 . spread batter into a well-greased and floured loaf pan , 8
by-4-by-2-inches .

6 . bake at 325 degrees f. for about 50 minutes or until tester
inserted in center comes out clean .

7 . brush with glaze immediately .

8 . let cake cool in pan on wire rack or 10 minutes . turn out of pan .

9 . sprinkle with grated orange rind , if desired .

10 . store airtight .

tips : this bread is best if allowed to stand 1 day before slicing .

from : great american recipes shared by : kaitlin young

yield : 6 servings




sourdough basics from starter to finish

breads , sourdough

1 info

`` those hot griddlecakes the forty-niners forked from the frying pan
before setting out to dig for gold were , no doubt , sourdough
pancakes . the hot biscuits so treasured by cowboys riding the dusty
trail were most likely sourdough biscuits . the life sustaining bread
baked by pioneer women in crude stone ovens was probably sourdough
bread . after the california gold rush , when the klondike prospectors
sailed from san francisco to alaska , they carried precious sourdough
starter with them - and ever since sourdough bread has been
assiciated with san francisco . and in alaska , a prospector with a pot
of sourdough strapped to his back was quickly nicknamed a `` sourdough '' .

`` as the population swelled westward during the last century , the
practice of keeping a small amopunt of yesterday 's dough alive to
`` start '' tomorrow 's bread was carried from one coast to the next , just
as it had been carried from the old world to the new . archaeologists
claim that leavened bread was first developed around 4,000 b.c. , when
using starters must have been the only way to accomplish leavening .
surely ancient bakers guarded their supplies zealously , just as
thousands of years later propectors would tuck the sourdough pot into
their bedroll at night to keep it warm and safe .

`` to this day , the distinctive flavor of so many european and russian
breads , as well as the famous san francisco version of sourdough
bread , is derived from the use of a sourdough starter . a starter is
simply a self-perpetuating yeast mixture . traditionally it was made
by mixing flour and water with a cooked potato or fruit such as wine
grapes or ripe bananas . organisms in the flour and the germenting
fruit attracted the wild yeast spores ubiquitous in an unpollouted
environment , and a starter was easy to begin . today , this method is
not always reliable owing to variables such as chlorinated water and
pesticide treated flour , fruits and vegetables .

`` we 've developed an easy sourdough starter by combining unbleached
all-purpose flour , bakers active dry yeast , and water . with minimal
care , the starter can be maintained for years and stored in the
refrigerator ( see box ) . since yeast is a single-cell fungus , its
metabolic activity causes fermentation . as the yeast cells multiply
and feed on the carbohydrates in the flour - which in turn give off
carbon dioxide , alcohol and other compounds - the ongoing activity
gives the sourdough starter its sour aroma and tart flavor .

`` keeping a pot of sourdough going in your refrigerator opens up all
sorts of possibilities . breads have an assertive tang and keep
longer than other home-baked breads . biscuits share the same
distinctive flavor and are moist and fluffy . sourdough pancakes have
a delicate texture and a subtle flavor that your family will clamor
for on sunday mornings . we 're sure that once you begin baking with
sourdough , you will become a convert for life .

`` sourdough starter maintenance

`` o using and maintaining a sourdough starter is a cyclical process ;
you must always replace what you remove from the crock . if well
maintained , a sourdough culture will last a lifetime . each time you
take a portion of the starter for a recipe , replace that amount with
equal quantities of water and flour . for example , if you remove 1 cup
of starter to make sourdough country bread , you must replace it with
1 cup of lukewarm water ( 100f ) and 1 cup of unbleached all-purpose
flour . whisk these ingredients into the starter until blended but not
completely smooth . any remaining lumps will dissolve as the mixture
ferments . cover and leave the starter at room temperature for at
least 12 hours or overnight . the starter is now ready to be used
again , or can be refrigerated .

`` o use a 2-quart non-metal crock or bowl to store the starter . this
wat , the replenishing starter ingredients can be mixed directly in
the storage container .

`` o maintain the starter by stirring it at least once a week . this
invigorates the yeast and expels some of the alcohol . if you do not
use the starter every two weeks or so , refresh it by removing 1 cup
of the starter ( give it to a friend or discard it ) , and adding 1 cup
of unbleached all-purpose flour and 1 cup of lukewarm ( 100f ) water .
whisk until blended . cover and leave at room temperature 12 hours or
overnight before returning it to the refrigerator .

`` o if you plan to be away or know you will not use the starter
frequently , freeze it in a sterilized , air-tight freeezer container .
thaw the starter two days before you plan on baking with it ,
transferring it to a 2 quart non-metal storage container . refresh
the starter withg 1 cup each of water and flour . cover and leave at
room temperature for 12 hours or overnight before using . it 's a good
idea to freeze the starter in two containers ; you can keep the second
one frozen indefinitely to serve as a backup should anything happen
to the thawed starter . ''

yield : 1 servings




more sourdough starter

breads , meats

1 cup water ,
1 cup sugar , and
1/2 cup potato flakes .

now the starters . this is the starter that connie used . after that
is an alternative for people who have trouble with the first one .

potato starter i :

mix the ingredients . cover loosely and leave in a warm place , such
as on top of a water heater , for 3 or 4 days . if the mixture starts
to smell yeasty prior to 3 or 4 days , or is ready . go ahead and feed
it and start making bread . see the feeding directions below . this is
from the `` panola county heritage cookbook '' .

for people who have trouble cultivating wild yeast , this is an
alternate starter recipe .

potato starter ii : 2 evelopes ( 2 tbsp ) active dry yeast , 1/2 cup warm
water ( 105 to 115 f ) , 1 cup warm water ( 105 to 115 f ) , 2/3 cup sugar ,
and 3 tbsp instant potato flakes .

dissolve the yeast in 1/2 cup warm water in a medium mixing bowl .
stir in 1 cup warm water , sugar , and potato flakes .

let the mixture sit out all day , then refrigerate 10 to 15 days . ( a
10 day schedule works fine . ) remove from refrigerator and feed , see
the feeding instructions below . now you are ready to use 1 cup of
the starter to make bread .

return the rest of the starter to the refrigerator for another 5 to 10
days . before making your next batch of bread , feed the starter again .

now that we have a starter , we need to feed it .

feeding recipe : starter from recipes above , 1 cup water , 3/4 cup
sugar , and 3 tbsp instant potato flakes .

into starter , stir ingredients well and keep at room temperature for
10 to 12 hours .

makes 2 - 3 cups .

yield : 2 servings




cracker barrel biscuits

breads , pasta , salsa

1 waldine van geffen
vghc42a -- -- -
2 cup bisquick
2/3 cup real buttermilk

work together bisquick and buttermilk to smooth dough . dip hand in
just enough bisquick to kneed dough in bowl until smooth and elastic .
shape dough into 16 thin patties , placing1 atop another forming 8
biscuits in greased 9 '' round baking pan . bake at 450~ 16 to 18
minutes or until golden . wipe tops at once in butter . they split
easily because of the way you formed them with the 2 pieces . to make
bonanza copycats , add 4 ts sugar . shape into 6 patties , 1 '' thick , 3 ''
round . place close together in greased round baking pan . wipetops in
soft butter . bake 450~ 18 minutes or until brown . cool 10 minutes
before serving . split with thumbs instead of cutting with knife .
these do not keep well . right out of oven wipe tops again with dabs
more butter to keep surface soft and tender . source : gloria pitzer 's
secret recipes quarterly , summer-1995 .

recipe by :

yield : 8 servings




braided sweet potato bread

breads , christmas , bakery

1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup lukewarm water
1/4 cup safflower oil
1 teaspoon thyme
1 1/2 cup mashed sweet potato
3 tablespoon sweetener
1 cup soymilk
3 cup wholewheat flour
1 cup unbleached white flour
1/2 cup cornmeal
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 soymilk for brushing loaves

combine yeast & water & let stand for 10 minutes . stir in oil &
thyme , followed by potatoes , sweetener & soymilk . stir gently till
mixture is smooth .

in another bowl , combine flours , cornmeal & salt . make a well in the
centre & pour in wet mixture . mix together , then knead on a floured
bowl for 10 minutes . let rise , covered till doubled in bulk .

punch down dough & divide into 6 pieces . roll each piece into a long
coil with hands , about 1-inch in diameter . to make each loaf , braid
3 coil s & pinch ends together . place on a floured baking sheet ,
cover with damp cloth & let rise till doubled in bulk . brush tops
with soymilk & bake in a preheated 350f for 40 to 50 minutes , till
tops are golden .

nava atlas , `` vegetarian celebrations ''

yield : 1 servings




confetti cheese bread

breads

2 tablespoon margarine
1/3 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup chopped green pepper
2 tablespoon chopped pimento
1 teaspoon instant minced onion
2 tablespoon bacon bits ( optional )
1 can buttermilk or country-style refrige ; rator biscuits
1 ( 10 in tin )

melt margarine . add the rest of the ingredients , except biscuits .
separate the dough into 10 bisquits and cut each into quarters . roll
quarters in the cheese mixture and place in a greased 8-inch cake
pan . bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes .

yield : 10 servings




marty 's pizza dough

breads , main dish , italian

4 1/4 cup flour
1 1/2 cup water , lukewarm ( 105 to 115
1 degrees fahrenheit )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon olive oil

put flour into a large bowl and make a deep well in the middle . pour
warm water into the well , mix in the yeast , using a bit of flour in
the mix . add the sugar , salt , and flour to the well , let stand for 10
minutes until mixture bubbles . slowly stir all of the flour into the
yeast mixture . when it gets too thick to handle place it on a board
and knead it until elastic . form a ball , place into a greased bowl ,
then turn it over so the top of the ball is greased . cover with a
towel and let rise in a warm and draft free place for an hour or
until double in bulk . preheat oven to 450 degrees . punch down dough
and divide in half . refrigerate one half for later . ( allow extra time
to rise ) . roll the other half into a circle about 15 inches across .
place on a 14 inch greased pizza pan , roll edges to form a rim .

spread half the sauce on the pizza pie ( see recipe ) , top with shredded
mozzarella , and other favorite toppings ( mushrooms , olives , pepperoni ,
etc ) . bake for 20 to 25 minutes until edges are brown and cheese is
bubbly . cut each pie into 6 wedges .

posted by michael prothro , mike 's resort bbs , fayetteville , ar on
kook-net recipe network

yield : 2 pies




savory scones

breads

2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup unsalted butter cut into
1 16 pieces
1 cup buttermilk

1 . preheat oven to 400 degrees . 2 . combine flour , baking powder , salt
and baking soda in food processor . pulse once or twice to combine .
add butter . pulse 10 to 12 times or until mixture resembles fresh
bread crumbs . ( you can use pastry blender to cut butter into flour if
you do n't have a food processor . ) 3 . transfer mixture to large bowl .
add 1 cup buttermilk , stirring quickly to combine . if mixture is too
dry , add more buttermilk , 1 tablespoon at a time , until dough holds
together and is slightly stringy and crumbly . turn out onto lightly
floured surface . knead 6 to 7 times ( do not knead more than that or
scones will become tough ) . 4 . divide dough in half . with floured
hands , press each half into 9x4-inch rectangle . with short side
facing you , fold into thirds like a business letter . press each
portion into 6 to 7-inch circle ; place on ungreased baking sheet . cut
each circle into 6 equal wedges ; pull wedges slightly apart . brush
tops with remaining buttermilk . let stand 10 minutes . 5 . bake in 400
degree oven for 20 minutes , or until tops are lightly browned . remove
and serve warm .

ham and sage scones : add 4 ounces cubed boiled ham and 1 teaspoon
dried sage with butter . pulse 10 to 12 times until ham pieces are no
larger than grains of rice . instead of pressing dough into circles ,
press each half into 7 1/2-inch square . cut each into 8 squares .

cheddar cheese scones : add 4 ounces cubed cheddar and 1/4 to 1/2
teaspoon cayenne pepper along with butter . process 10 to 12 times
until cheese pieces are no larger than dried peas . after brushing
tops with buttermilk , sprinkle with sesame seeds , using about 2
teaspoons total .

rosemary and black olive scones : after dividing dough in half ,
scatter 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried rosemary and 1/4 cup chopped
kalamata olives ( about 10 olives ) over each batch of dough before it
is folded into thirds .

yield : 12 scones




sweet potato corn bread

breads , vegetables , side dish

12 oz sweet potatoes ; ( 2-3 medium ) peeled and c
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3 tablespoon flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1 pinch freshly ground black pepper
1 egg ; lightly beaten
3/4 cup buttermilk
3 tablespoon butter ; unsalted

boil or steam sweet potatoes until tender , about 15 or 20 minutes .
drain throughly ; press through sieve into a medium bowl . set aside to
cool slightly .
heat oven to 375 degrees . sift together cornmeal , flour , baking powder ,
salt , baking soda and allspice into a small bowl . stir in the pepper .
add egg and buttermilk to the sweet potato puree and mix until blended .
heat butter in a 9-inch square baking pan in the oven until sizzling but
not brown , about 2 minutes . pour excess butter into the sweet potato
mixture , leaving a generous coating in the pan . quickly add the dry
ingredients to the sweet potato mixture and stir just until blended .
pour batter into the baking pan . bake until lightly golden and the
bread has shrunk from the sides of the pan , about 25-35 minutes . serve
hot . makes 4 servings .

from the farmers ' market by richard sax and sandra gluck ( harper
perennial - $ 11 )

formatted for mm by pegg seevers 9/14/94

yield : 4 servings




sourdough oatmeal whole wheat bread

breads , sourdough

1 cup sourdough starter
1 tablespoon sea salt
2 pkg dry yeast
5 cup whole wheat flour ; to 6 c. warm water ( 110f )
2 eggs , beaten boiling water
6 tablespoon rolled oats
1 cup rolled oats
1 egg white ; beaten
2/3 cup light molasses ; ( or honey ) water
1/3 cup safflower oil

measure out sourdough starter . soften yeast in warm water . combine
boiling water , oats , molasses , oil and salt . cool to lukewarm . stir
in 2 c. flour . beat well . add to sourdough starter along with
softened yeast and eggs . stir in enough of remaining flour to make a
soft dough . turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 5 - 8
minutes or until smooth and elastic . shape dough into a ball and
place in lightly greased bowl , turning once . cover with a cloth and
set in a warm place free from drafts and let rise 1 to 2 hours or
until doubled in size . punch down dough and turn out onto a lightly
floured surface . divide dough in half . cover and let rest for 10
minutes . coat 2 well greased loaf pans with about 3 tbsp oats per
pan . shape dough into loaves and place in pans . cover and let rise in
warm place for 1 1/2 hours or until doubled in size . brush loaves
with mixture of egg white and water . sprinkle tops lightly with
rolled oats . bake at 375f for 40 to 50 minutes or until done ( i find
mine are always done at 35 minutes so watch carefully ) . makes 2
loaves .

formatted by elaine radis bgmb90b ; october , 1993

yield : 1 servings




crunchy millet bread

breads , bakery

1 cup raw millet seeds
1 each package dry yeast
2 cup warm water
1/4 cup safflower oil
2 tablespoon molasses
4 cup whole-wheat flour
1 cup unbleached white flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ginger powder
1/4 teaspoon turmeric
2 tablespoon sunflower seeds , toasted
1/2 cup raisins -=or=- apricots , - optional

toast millet in hot dry skillet , stirring frequently , for 5 to 7
minutes . combine yeast with 1/2 c warm water & let stand till it
froths . stir in remaining water , oil & molasses .

in a large mixing bowl , combine flours , salt & spices . make a well in
the centre & pour in the wet mixture . work into a dough & then add
sunflower seeds & raisins or apricots if using . knead dough for 10
minutes , adding more flour as needed . cover & let rise until doubled
in bulk .

punch down , divide dough into two parts & shape into loaves . place in
loaf pans & let rise till doubled in bulk . score the tops , brush with
warm water & bake at 400f for 10 minutes . reduce oven to 325f & bake
for another 35 minutes . cool on racks .

nava atlas , `` vegetarian celebrations ''

yield : 2 loaves




ww apple & cheddar corn muffins

breads , low cal

1 cherri langley rvsn34b
1 2/3 cup flour
1 teaspoon flour
1 1/2 oz uncooked yellow corn meal
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 lb apples ; cored , pared , finely
1 chopped..wt before cutting
1/2 cup corn ; thawed frozen
2 1/4 oz cheddar ; reduced fat , shredded
1/3 cup sugar
1 dash cinnamon
1 dash nutmeg
1/3 cup corn oil
2 teaspoon corn oil
3 eggs ; lightly beaten

1 . preheat oven to 400 f. line 12 muffin pan cups with paper baking
cups . 2 . in large bowl combine flour , cornmeal , and baking powder .
add apples , corn , cheese , sugar , cinnamon , nutmet , stirring to
combine . in small bowl , beat eggs and oil ; stir into flour mixture
( do not overbeat ... the mixture will be stiff ) . 3 . fill baking cups
and bake in center of oven for 15 minutes . makes 12 muffins . one
muffin= 1 1/2 f , 1/2 p , 1 b , 1/4 f , 25 optional cal . cherri langley
said the recipe is from simply light cooking cookbook she obtained at
a weight watchers meeting . said cookbook was just great !

yield : 12 servings




fig bread

breads

1/2 cup figs
1/2 cup raisins
2 tablespoon shortening
1 cup honey
1 each egg
2 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup sweet milk
1/4 cup sour milk
1 cup nuts

cut raisins and figs in small pieces . cream shortening and honey
well , add beaten egg . sift dry ingredients together . reserve a little
to flour fruits and nuts . add alternately with milk , add nuts and
fruit . bake in moderate oven 325 f. 1 hour and 10 minutes .

source : mrs. ida l. doenges , sharon grange , putnam county , oh

yield : 1 servings




black bean raisin bread

breads

1 1/2 cup dried black beans
1 cup raisins
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
1/4 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast ( or 1 tbsp )
1/4 cup fancy molasses
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon salt
3 cup whole wheat flour
4 cup all purpose flour
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

in large saucepan , bring beans and 8 cups cold water to boil . reduce
heat to medium low , simmer , covered , for about 1 hour or until
tender . drain , reserving cooking water . puree black beans . combine
raisins with 1/2 cup of the hot bean water . dissolve sugar in warm
water ; sprinkle with yeast and let stand for 10 minutes or until
frothy . in bowl , whisk together 1-1/2 cups of the reserved bean
water , molasses , oil , undrained raisins , salt , beans and yeast
mixture . using electric mixer , beat in whole wheat flour ; beat for 2
minutes . gradually stir in enough of the all purpose flour to make
firm , slightly sticky dough . turn out onto floured surface and knead ,
adding flour as needed , for 10-12 minutes , or until smooth and
elastic . place in greased bowl , turning to grease all over . cover and
let rise for 1-1/2 to 2 hours . punch down . cut into thirds ; shape
into round loaves . place on greased baking sheets ; cover and let rise
for 45 minutes . beat together egg and water ; brush over loaves . bake
in 375 f oven for 45-50 minutes or until loaves sound hollow when
tapped . let cool on racks . makes 3 loaves .

origin : canadian living , november 1991 . shared by : sharon stevens .

yield : 3 servings




south of the border bread pudding

breads , desserts

1 cup orange juice
3/4 cup packed brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 cup raisins
5 cup lightly packed 1-inch cubes
1 french bread ( about 6 oz . )
6 oz monterey jack cheese ,
1 shredded ( about 2 1/2 cups )
1/2 cup toasted almonds
1 lightly sweetened whipped
1 cream , light cream , or ice
1 cream

in a small saucepan , combine the orange juice , sugar , cinnamon , and
raisins . bring to a boil , stirring . pour over the bread and toss to
mix . add 2 cups of the cheese and the almonds , and toss . turn into a
buttered 1 1/2 quart baking dish , and sprinkle the remaining cheese
on top . bake in a preheated 375f oven 15-20 minutes , until the
pudding is heated through and the cheese is melted . serve warm ,
topped with cream or ice cream , if desired .

yield : 6 servings




grandma jensen 's current pound cake

breads , cakes , desserts

1 1/2 cup currants
1 lb butter or marg
2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon mace
9 eggs ; separated
4 1/4 cup flour ; sifted
1 teaspoon lemon extract
1 teaspoon vanilla

rinse currents in hot water , drain and dry on a towel .
cream butter until fluffy , add sugar and spice and cream thoroughly .
beat egg yolks until thick and creamy ; add to butter mixture and
blend well . add one half of the flour and mix until smooth ; add
remainder of flour and mix until smooth again . mix in stiffly beaten
egg whites . pour into 2 paper lined loaf pans ( 9x4x2.5 ) and bake @
350 deg for 1 hr and 25 min .
test for doneness by inserting a toothpick in center .

yield : 12 servings




pumpkin bread with cinnamon

breads , fruits , vegetables , nuts

3 1/2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
1 1/2 cup light brown sugar ; packed
1 1/2 cup sugar ; granulated
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg ; ground
4 eggs ; lg
1 cup salad oil
2/3 cup water
2 cup pumpkin ; mashed , canned
1 cup raisins
1 cup walnuts ; chopped

preheat the oven to 375 degrees f , and grease 3 medium ( 8 1/2 x 4
1/2 ) loaf pans , sprinkling a little brown sugar in each . combine all
the dry ingredients in a large bowl and fashion a well in the center .
break in the 4 eggs and add the salad oil , water and pumpkin . beat
thoroughly until well mixed , then add the raisins and nuts . pour into
the prepared pans . bake 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a cake tester
or wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool for 5
minutes in the pans before turning onto wire racks to cool . note :
this bread can be wrapped in aluminum foil and frozen very
satisfactorily .

yield : 4 servings




weetabix fruit loaf

breads , breakfast

2 weetabix
6 oz sugar
6 oz sultanas
8 oz self-raising flour
8 fl oz milk

1. crush the weetabix into fine crumbs 2. add sugar , fruit and flour
3. add milk and mix well 4 . pour into greased lined loaf tin 5 . bake
at gas mark 4 / 350f for 60 to 70 minutes 6 . cool for 10 minutes 7 .
when cold store in an airtight tin

yield : 1 loaf




mama 's cherry nut bread

breads , desserts , fruits

3/4 cup sugar
3 cup bisquick
1 egg
3/4 cup walnut ( or any nuts )
1 cup cherries

cut cherries in quarters . mix all ingredients together . bake in a
greased bread pan at 350 for 1 hour .

yield : 8 servings




cheesy garlic bread

appetizers , breads , cheese/eggs , italian , garlic

1 1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 cup shredded sharp cheddar
1 cheese
1 cup thinly sliced green onions
1 ( including the tops )
3 cloves garlic , minced
1 loaf french bread ( about
1 20 inch ) , halved lengthwise
1/3 cup minced fresh parsley ( opt )
1 paprika ( opt )

mix mayonnaise , cheese , onions , and garlic ; spread on bread halves . if
desired , sprinkle with parsley and paprika . wrap each half in foil .
refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours or freeze . unwrap and place on a baking
sheet . bake at 400 degrees for 8-10 minutes ( 20-25 minutes if frozen )
or until puffed but not brown . cut into slices .

yield : 12 servings




coffee cake ( kaffee kuchen )

breads , penndutch

1/2 cup butter
1 egg , separated
1 cup sugar
2 cup milk
6 1/2 cup flour
1 cup yeast
1 *dissolved in :
1/3 cup water , lukewarm
1 butter , melted
1 brown sugar

scald the milk and set aside to cool . cream the sugar , butter and egg
yolk . add to this the lukewarm milk , alternately with the flour and
the dissolved yeast cake . beat lightly and add the stiffly beaten egg
white . allow this mixture to rise over night . flour a bake-board and
take out large spoonfuls of the dough to which just enough flour has
been added to permit it to be rolled into flat cakes . spread on
well-greased pie tins and when light ( about 1-1/2 hours ) brush melted
butter over the top and strew thickly with brown sugar . if preferred ,
spread `` rivels '' on top by combining 1/2 cup sugar , 1/2 cup flour , and
2 tbsp butter . crumble together and sprinkle on top of cakes . bake at
400-f about 20 minutes .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




truly yeast bread ( gluten free )

breads

3 cup gf flour mix ( recipe follows )
1/4 cup sugar
3 1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
2/3 cup dry milk powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 1/2 yeast cakes , or 1 1/2 tablespoons y ; east granules
1/4 cup shortening
1 1/4 cup water
1 teaspoon vinegar
3 eggs

combine flour , sugar , xanthan gum , milk powder , and salt in bowl of
heavy duty mixer . use your strongest beaters . dissolve the 2
teaspoons of sugar in the 1/2 cup of lukewarm water and mix in the
yeast . set aside while you combine the shortening and 1 1/4 cups
water in saucepan and heat until shortening melts . turn mixer on low .
blend dry ingredients and slowly add shortening and water mixture and
the vinegar . blend , then add the eggs . this mixture should feel
slightly warm . pour the yeast mixture into the ingredients in the
bowl and beat at highest speed for 2 minutes . place mixing bowl in a
warm place , cover with plastic wrap and a towel , and let the dough
rise approximately 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until doubled . return to mixer
and beat on high for 3 minutes . spoon the dough into 3 small ( 2 1/2 ''
x 5 '' ) greased loaf pans or 1 large one . use muffin tins and bake any
remaining as small rolls . or make all rolls ( approximately 18 ) . let
rise until the dough is slightly above the top of pan . bake in
preheated 400 degree oven for 10 minutes . place foil over bread and
bake large loaves 50 minutes longer , small loaves slightly less time ,
and rolls about 25 minutes . notes : the dough texture will seem more
like cookie dough than bread dough , so do n't be alarmed . bread is
better

yield : 6 servings




oatmeal-apple muffins

breads

2 oz egg beaters
1 cup skim milk
3 teaspoon polyunsaturated oil
1 cup whole wheat flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup uncooked rolled oats
1 cup raisins
1 cup peeled , chopped apples

preheat oven to 425 degrees f. and grease muffin tins . mix egg
whites , milk , and oil in bowl . add dry ingredients and mix . fold in
raisins and apples . place batter in muffin tins ; fill each 3/4 full .
bake about 20 minutes or until centers seem dry .

yield : 12 servings




whole wheat blueberry pancakes

breads , quick bread , vegetarian , diabetic , nuts
pancakes

-- -- mix together in a medium -- --
2 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
-- -- beat in -- --
2 cup milk ; ( low-fat )
2 eggs
1 tablespoon oil
-- -- stir in -- --
1 cup blueberries

lightly oil a frying pan and spoon batter on tablespoon .

food exchange per serving : 4 pancakes 3 starch/bread exchanges , 1 milk
exchange ; pro : 20mg ; fat : 8gm ; car : 72gm ;

source : vegetarian cooking for diabetics by patricia mozzer

brought to you and yours via nancy o'brion and her meal master .

yield : 12 pancakes




italian herb fingers

appetizers , breads , italian

4 tablespoon olive oil ; divided
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup milk
1 teaspoon dried rosemary ; crushed
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder

spread 1 tb oil in bottom of 8-inch square baking pan . combine flour ,
baking powder , basil , oregano , thyme and salt in medium bowl . combine
2 tb oil and milk ; stir into dry ingredients to form a soft dough .
press dough with floured fingers into bottom of prepared baking pan ,
leaving slightly irregular surface . sprinkle with rosemary and garlic
powder ; drizzle remianing 1 tb oil over surface .
bake at 400 f for about 20 minutes . cut inro fingers and serve hot .
source : the vancouver sun oct 5/94

from the collection of karen deck

yield : 1 servings




corn bread sticks

breads , misc

1 1/2 cup corn-meal
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup sour milk
2 eggs , well beaten
3 tablespoon melted shortening

sift flour , measure , and sift with salt , baking soda , baking powder ,
and sugar . combine eggs , milk , and shortening . add dry ingredients .
beat thoroughly . fill well-oiled corn-stick pans 2/3 full . bake in
hot oven ( 425 f ) 20-25 minutes . 12 servings . the household
searchlight - 1941

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




cherry nut bread

breads

1 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup margarine
1 each egg
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 can dalton cherries small jar
1/2 cup walnuts

cream sugar & margarine . add egg , sift flour baking powder and salt .
in cup put juice of cherries and fill cup with milk . add milk mixture
alternately with flour adding cut up cherries & nuts with each
portion of flour . bake in 350 f oven in loaf pan 1 hour or until
toothpick comes out clean .

yield : 6 servings




skillet sizzled cornbread

breads

1 cup stone ground yellow cornmeal
1 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1 egg
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup vegetable oil
3 tablespoon butter

preheat oven to 375 degrees . in a large bowl , combine cornmeal ,
flour , baking powder and salt . in a small bowl , stir the baking soda
into the buttermilk . in another bowl , whisk together the egg , sugar
to taste , and the oil , then whisk this mixture into the buttermilk
mixture . spray an 8 or 9 inch cast-iron skillet with vegetable
cooking spray . put the skillet over medium high heat . add butter ;
heat until butter melts and is just starting to sizzle . tilt the pan
to coat the bottom and sides . add buttermilk mixture to cornmeal
mixture ; quickly stir together , using only as many strokes as needed
to combine the mixtures . scrape the batter into the hot , buttery
skillet . immediately put the skillet into the preheated oven and bake
about 25 minutes , or until cornbread is golden brown . cut into wedges
to serve . ( for a decandent cornbread , substitute 1 3/4 cups sour
cream for the 1 1/4 cups buttermilk . )

yield : 6 servings




crusty whole-wheat baguettes

breads

1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cold water
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon honey
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1/2 cup bread flour
1 oil and cornmeal for pan

these baguettes are crusty , deep brown and dusted with flour . the
dough can also be shaped into a round and backed on a pizza pan ,
preferably black steel . slash the loaves with a sharp knife or with
the metal blade of a food processor ( hold it carefully by the center
hub ) ; deep slashes make a great-looking baguette .

basic sponge

in processor fitted with metal blade , mix basic sponge with water ,
salt , and honey until smooth . combine flours . ( if processor is
standard- size remove half of sponge mixture and add flours in two
batches . ) add combines flours , 1/4 cup at a time , pulsing several
times to incorporate each addition . then process dough until supple ,
elastic and sticking slightly to work bowl , about 1 minute , adding
more water or flour by teaspoon , if dough is either too dry or too
wet . dough should be very sticky .

transfer dough to large plastic bag , squeeze out all air and seal
tightly at top of bag to allow enough room for dough to expand . set
bag in bowl and let dough rise in warm spot until doubled , about 1
hour .

oil double baguette bread pan . sprinkle bottom lightly with cornmeal .
punch dough down , place on generously floured surface and divide in
half . pat each piece into rectangle . start on long side to roll up
dough . pinch seams to seal . gently stretch to fit pan , if necessary .
place dough seam side down , in pan . sprinkle flour lightly over top .
cover loosely with plastic . ( can be refrigerated at this point for
several hours . remove from refrigerator about 1 1/2 hours before
baking . ) let dough rise in warm spot until doubled , about 50 minutes
or longer if previously refrigerated . slash surface .

about 15 minutes before baking , put rack on bottom of oven at set 1 t
475 degrees f. place bread in oven , then immediately turn down heat
to 425 degrees f. bake baguettes until deeply browned and sounding
hollow when rapped on bottom . about 15 to 18 minutes . immediately
remove from pan . place on wire rack.makes
2 baguettes , or 8 servings .

each serving contains about :

239 calories ; 445 mg sodium ; 0 mg cholesterol ; 2.7 grams fat ; 49 grams
carbohydrates ; 7.2 grams protein ; 0.7 grams fiber ; 10 % calories from
fat .

recipe from : los angeles times newspaper , cooking section , thursday
march 05 , 1992 by abby mandel .

yield : 2 servings




pumpkin cookies ( c & h )

biscuits

2 cup c & h golden brown sugar
2 cup cooked or canned pumpkin
1 cup salad oil
2 teaspoon vanilla
4 cup sifted all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ginger
2 cup raisins
1 cup chopped nuts

in a mixing bowl beat together sugar , pumpkin , oil , and vanilla . sift
together dry ingredients ; add and stir until smooth . blend in raisins
and nuts . drop by teaspoonful on lightly oiled baking sheet . bake at
350 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes . makes about 7 dozen . no eggs needed
in these moist , soft cookies .

reprinted with permission from _brown sugar recipe bonanza_ from the
c and h sugar kitchen electronic format by karen mintzias

yield : 84 cookies




spicy shortbread bites

appetizers , breads

2 tablespoon paprika
2 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
1 1/8 teaspoon cayenne
7 tablespoon unsalted butter , softened
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon curry powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin

preheat oven to 350 deg f in a small bowl , whisk together paprika , 2
ts salt , and 1 ts cayenne and set aside . in a bowl with an electric
mixer , beat butter with sugar until light and fluffy . in another
bowl , whisk together remaining 1/2 ts salt , remaining 1/8 ts cayenne ,
flour , curry powder , and cumin . beat flour mixture into butter
mixture until just combined . on a lightly floured surface , knead
dough about 8 times , or until it just comes together . divide dough
into 4 equal pieces . on a sheet of wax paper , roll each piece of
dough into a 3/4-inch thick log . sprinkle one quarter of spice
mixture along the length of each log and roll in mixture to coat
completely . wrap each log in wax paper . freeze dough just until firm ,
15 to 20 minutes . shortbread dough may be made 1 week ahead and
frozen . before proceeding with recipe , remove dough from freezer and
let stand about 15 minutes , or until slightly softened to facilitate
slicing . remove logs carefully from wax paper and slice into 1/2-inch
thick rounds . place rounds 1/4-inch apart on ungreased baking sheets
and bake in batches in middle of oven 15 minutes , or until browned
lightly . gently loosen shortbread bites with a spatula from baking
sheet ( do not remove from sheet ) and cool completely . carefully
transfer shortbread bites to a serving dish ( they will be fragile )
and serve as hors d'oeuvre . makes about 140 shortbread bites .

yield : 140 servings




mr. food 's oven-fresh bread sticks

breads , grains

1 lb frozen bread dough , thawed
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 egg , beaten
1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese
3 teaspoon garlic powder
2 teaspoon sesame seeds

preheat the oven to 350 f. cut the thawed
dough into ten 1/2 inch thick slices . lightly flour a cutting board
and , with your fingers , roll each slice into a 12 inch rope . place on
a cookie sheet that has been coated with nonstick vegetable spray .
brush each with beaten egg . in a small bowl , combine the remaining
ingredients and sprinkle on top . bake for 15 to 20 minutes , or until
golden brown .

yield : 10 servings




spiced raisin pumpernickel

breads

1 1/2 cup water
1/4 cup molasses
1/4 cup butter or canola oil
1 cup raisins ( optional )
2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 cup rye flour
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1/4 cup cocoa
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 single salt to taste
2 teaspoon active dry yeast ( 1 1/2 if

( water in last , i 'm not sure about the bread setting . ) note : no
instructions provided . use normal bread preparation

yield : 1 servings




no-fail bagels

breads

2 packets active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water ( 105-115f )
2 teaspoon sugar
2 cup lukewarm water
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
6 cup bread flour
1/2 cup yellow cornmeal

place yeast in glass with 1/2 cup warm water . stir in sugar until
yeast is disolved . let stand for 5 minutes , until foamy on top . pour
this mixture into a bowl and add 2 cups lukewarm water . stir in salt .
add the 5 1/2 cups flour a cup at a time , mixing with a wooden spoon
to blend after each addition . dough will be sticky .

spread 1/4 cup of the remaining flour on a work surface . place dough
on flour . place 1/4 cup flour on top of the dough .

begin kneading slowly until the flour comes together with the rest
of the dough . knead vigorously for 15 minutes . you may have to add
several tablespoons of flour if the mixture is sticky .

use a sharp knife dipped in flour cut the dough into 16 equal
portions . roll each portion into a ball . poke your thumbs through the
center to make a hole about the size of a quarter .

spread 1/4 cup cornmeal on each of two trays or cutting boards and
place 8 formed bagels on each about 1 inch apart . cover with a clean
dish towel and place in a warm draft free spot for 45 minutes to rise .

remove towel and place trays of bagels in the refrigerator for 1 hour .

pre-heat oven to 400 degrees . boil 3 cups water in a large pot .
spread 1/4 cup yellow cornmeal on 2 cookie sheets .

place bagels four at a time into the boiling water . the perfect bagel
should sink to the bottom and rise immediatly . boil about 4 minutes
turning about every 30 seconds . do n't worry if your bagels do n't sink
to the bottom ; however if they sink to the bottom and lie there , wait
until they flost to the top before timing the 4 minutes .

remove bagels with a slotted spoon and place on a clean towel for a
few seconds to drain excess water . place 8 bagels on each cookie
sheet .

you can now add a favorite topping sesame , garlic or onion if
desired . bake 35 minutes or until golden . remove bagels from cookie
sheet and let them cool on a wire rack . from : gary fricke

yield : 16 servings




banana lime bread

breads , cakes

1/2 cup shortening
3/4 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon white vinegar
3 ripe bananas , mashed
3 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon lime juice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ginger powder
3/4 cup coconut , grated
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup white flour
1 glaze
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon rum
3 tablespoon lime juice

beat shortening for a few seconds . add brown sugar & beat till well
blended & creamy . stir in vinegar , bananas , water & lime juice .
ensure that all ingredients are well mixed . add salt , ginger & grated
coconut . mix well . stir in baking powder . sift flour & beat with a
wooden spoon till well blended & smooth . transfer into a greased loaf
pan & bake at 350f for 1 hour . let cool for 10 minutes before
removing from pan to a wire rack .

meanwhile , combine brown sugar , oil , rum & lime juice in a snall pot
over a low heat . stir constantly for 5 minutes until you have a thin
syrup . pour over the loaf , spreading it with a spatula , let it run
over the sides .

adapted from `` sundays at moosewood restaurant cookbook ''

yield : 1 servings




cheese scones

beverages , breads , cheese

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon dry mustard
1 pinch salt
1 cup whole-wheat flour
3 teaspoon cold butter or margarine , cut in sm ; all pieces
3/4 cup ( 3oz ) finely shredded sharp cheddar ; cheese
2/3 cup milk ( about )
1 butter

this qualifies as a savory ; a bit of a change from the usual scone .

preheat oven to 425f ( 220c ) . lightly grease a large baking sheet ; set
aside . sift all-purpose flour , baking powder , dry mustard and salt
into a large bowl . stir in the whole-wheat flour . with your fingers ,
rub in cold butter until mixture is crumbly . stir in 1/2 cup cheese .
make a well in center of mixture ; add milk and mix with a fork to
make a dough that barely holds together ( you may need to press dough
together with your hands ) . turn out onto floured surface and knead
lightly . roll out with a floured rolling pin or pat dough with your
hands to make a round about 3/4-inch thick . cut into rounds with a
2-inch fluted or plain cookie cutter . place 1 to 1 1/2 inches apart
on baking sheet ; sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup cheese . bake 8-10
minutes or until well risen and golden . transfer to a wire rack to
cool . when cold , split and serve with butter . makes about 12 scones .

yield : 12 servings




ravine brownies

breads

2 unsweetened chocolate
1 squares
1/2 cup butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs -- well beaten
1/2 cup flour -- sifted
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup chopped nuts

melt chocolate and butter together . cool thoroughly . add sugar , eggs ,
flour , vanilla and nuts . beat well . spread evenly in greased pan ( 8x8
inches ) . bake in 350f oven for 15 to 20 minute , or until done . test
with a toothpick ; if tester comes out sticky but not doughy --
brownies are done . they will be soft and chewy .

from : real thai : the best of thailand 's

yield : 1 servings




whole-wheat sourdough starter *

breads

1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup lukewarm water

in a glass or ceramic bowl or jar that has been scalded , combine
flour and yeast , add water and blend well . cover with plastic wrap
and pierce with fork to release gases . place in a warm , draft-free
location at an even 85f for 18-24 hrs ; stir several times daily .
refrigerate until ready to use . if you have several starters , keep
whole wheat separate from others to preserve its own distinctive
flavor . whole wheat starter does not have as much rising action as
that made with white flour ; you may have to plan longer rising times .
to replenish , always use whole wheat flour .

yield : 1 servings




blue cheese crisps

breads

1/2 lb blue cheese
10 tablespoon butter , room temperature
1 1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 cup poppy seeds

preliminaries : adjust oven rack to middle position and preheat oven
to 350 degrees . procedure : in a food processor fitted with the metal
blade , cream together the blue cheese and butter . add the flour and
cayenne , processing just to blend . transfer to a bowl and work in the
poppy seeds . divide the dough in half , wrap in plastic wrap and chill
for 30 minutes . roll each dough half into a 1 inch thick cylinder and
refrigerate again until very firm , about 2 hours . cut the cylinders
into 1/4 inch thick slices . place on ungreased baking sheets and bake
in a preheated 350 degree oven for 17-20 minutes , until golden brown .
presentation : serve warm or at room temperature . store in air-tight
containers .

yield : 12 servings




gf pat 's brown & white rice flour breads an

breads

2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 cup wrist-warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/4 cup water
1/4 cup vegetable shortening
1 cup brown rice flour
2 cup white rice flour
1/4 cup sugar
4 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 or 1 tbsp dry pectin
2/3 cup non-instant dry milk
1 or 1/3 cup soy powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs

dissolve 2 tsp sugar and 1/2 cup water in 2 cup bowl . sprinkle on
yeast . set aside for 10 minutes or until froth nearly reaches top .
combine water and shortening in saucepan . heat until shortening
melts . cool to lukewarm . combine dry ingredients in mixer bowl . add
yeast mix to flours . blend well . add shortening mix . blend well . add
eggs . mix at highest speed with mixer for 2 minutes ( my note - assume
this requires a strong mixer with a dough hook ? ) let dough rise in a
warm place until doubled , about an hour . pour dough into greased ,
small bread pans 3/4 full or into cans for round breads . let rise
again . bake at 400 for 10 minutes . place foil over breads and bake
for 50 minutes . remove from pans immediately , cool on rack . recipe
may be doubled . dough may be shaped for hot dog or hamburger buns
after first rising . for herb bread , add 2 tbsp fennel seeds or dried
herbs of choice to dry flour .

yield : 14 servings




quick and easy herbed pizza crust

breads , italian

2 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 pkg rapid-rise yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon dried oregano ; crushed
1/2 teaspoon dried basil ; crushed
1 cup water
1 tablespoon olive oil

in a large mixing bowl or food processor fitted with a dough blade ,
combine 1 12/ cups of the flour with the yeast , salt , sugar , oregano
and basil ; mix well . heat the water and the oil until hot to the
touch ( 120-130f . ) add the hot liquid to the dry ingredients and mix
well . add the remaining cup of flour , a little at a time , mixing well
after each addition . knead the dough fo several minutes or until
smooth and elastic , either by hand or in the food processor . add
additional flour , if necessary , until dough is no longer sticky .

form dough into a ball , cover and allow to rest for 10-15 minutes ,
then divide the ball in half . ( if you are only going to use half the
pizza dough , refrigerate the remaining half to use in the next few
days or freeze for future use . ) on a lightly floured surface roll
each half out into a circle 10-12 '' in diameter . place the crust on a
pizza pan which has been coated with a nonstick vegetable spray and
top with sauce and toppings of choice .

source : san francisco examiner posted by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 2 12 '' crusts




rosemary-lemon shortbread

breads , cookies , herbs

1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup 10x ( confectioner 's ) sugar
1/2 cup butter *or* margarine softened
1/4 cup cornstarch
2 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary ; or dried rosemary , crumbl
1 egg yolk
1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
1/4 teaspoon salt

1 . preheat oven to 325 degrees ( f ) . line 9x9x2-inch square baking
pan with
aluminum foil . coat with nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray . 2 .
combine the flour , sugar , butter , cornstarch , rosemary , egg yolk ,
lemon
rind , and salt in large bowl . with pastry blender or fork , blend
the
mixture until uniformly crumbly . scrape into the prepared pan ;
spread
level , pressing lightly to compact . 3 . bake in preheated 325
degree ( f ) oven for about 25 to 30 minutes or
until lightly golden around the outside edges . gently life both
the
foil and shortbread out of the pan onto a cutting surface . slice
into
bars with a long serrated knife . transfer to wire rack to cool
completely . store in a tightly sealed tin .
makes 32 2x1-inch bars .
nutrient value per serving : 53 calories , 1 g protein , 3 g fat ,
6 g carbohydate , 47 mg sodium ,
14 mg cholesterol
exchanges : 1/4 starch/bread , 1/8 fruit , 1/2 fat

yield : 32 servings




rosemary-whole wheat focaccia with garlic

breads , cheese

1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cold water
1 3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 teaspoon dried rosemary leaves
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1/2 cup bread flour
1 oil and cornmeal for baking pans
3 tablespoon butter or margarine
2 lg . red onion , thinly sliced , slice ; s separated into rings
1 1/2 cup finely shredded parmigiano-reggiano ; cheese or other
1 parmesan-like hard cheese
1/4 cup finely julienned sun-dried tomatoes
1 salt
1 crushed hot red pepper

more than just flat bread , this focaccia is a great base for open-
faced sandwiches with sliced left over meat or poultry or cheese ,
spread with robust mustard . or try juicy tomatoes , thinly sliced with
fresh basil strewn over .

basic sponge

in processor fitted with metal blade , mix basic sponge with water ,
salt , honey , olive oil and rosemary until smooth . combine flours and
add to sponge mixture , 1/4 cup at a time , pulsing several times to
incorporate each addition . then process dough until supple , elastic
and stick- ing slightly to work bowl , about 1 minute , adding more
water or flour by teaspoon , if dough is either too dry or too wet .
dough should be very sticky , almost wet .

transfer dough to large plastic bag , squeeze out all air and seal
tightly on top to allow room for dough to expand . set bag in bowl and
let dough rise in warm spot until doubled , about 1 hour . can be
refrigerated overnight once punched down .

oil round pizza pans , preferably black steel . sprinkle with corn meal .
divide dough in half . gently stretch each into about 12-inch diameter
round . transfer to pans . dimple dough with fingers .

heat butter with garlic until melted . brush over surface of each
focaccia , dividing evenly . scatter sun-dried tomatoes on top . season
to taste with salt and crushed hot red pepper . if baking 1 focaccia
at a time , refrigerate unbaked loaf until after first is baked .

bake on lower rack of 425-degree oven until lightly browned on edge ,
about 18 to 20 minutes . cut into wedges . serve warm . makes 2
( 13-inch- diameter ) focaccia loaves , or 4 servings .

each serving contains about :

730 calories ; 2,050 mg sodium ; 47 mg cholesterol ; 29 grams fat ; 94
grams carbohydrates ; 28 grams protein ; 1.7 grams fiber ; 36 % calories
from fat .

recipe from : the los angeles times newspaper , thursday march 05 , 1992
food section by : abby mandel .

yield : 2 servings




whole wheat popcorn bread

breads , fat-free

1 1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon salt ( i use lite salt )
3 tablespoon vital gluten ( rounded )
1 teaspoon dry malt
1 gm vitamin c crushed
3 1/2 cup whole wheat flour ( plus to make a r ; ound ball )
1 1/2 cup milled popped popcorn
2 1/2 teaspoon yeast ( quick or regular )

1 . pop popcorn . ( i used an air popper ) 2 . mill the popped corn . ( i
milled mine in my vitamix . i know it can also be done in a food
processor such as a cuisenart and it can probably be done in any good
blender . ) 8 cups of popped popcorn will yield 4 cups of fluffy
popcorn flour . 3 . put ingredients in breadpan in order given . 4 . set
for rapid bake . the resulting loaf is high and light !

yield : 10 servings




poi nut bread

breads , ethnic

1 lb poi
3/4 cup water
2 cup flour
3/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3 each eggs ; slightly beaten
1 cup oil
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup nuts

first : mix poi and water together and let stand in bowl . next :
mix together flour , sugar , cinnamon , baking powder , salt in another bowl .
combine the above mixtures with the remainder of the ingredients and
place in gresed loaf pans . bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes .
optional : add 1/2 cup raisins .

yield : 1 servings




zucchini waffles with pimento-cheese sauce

breads , cheese/eggs , vegetables , vegetarian

1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon dried whole basil
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
1 cup non-fat buttermilk
1 cup shredded zucchini
1/2 cup no-salt cream corn
1/3 cup sliced green onion
2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 each egg ( or egg substitiute )
-- -- pimentocheese sauce -- --
1 cup 2 % low-fat or skim milk
2 teaspoon margarine
5 teaspoon all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon dry mustard
1 dash ground black pepper
1/2 cup shred sharp cheddar cheese
2 oz jar diced pimento , drained

( from cooking light )

preparation time : 15-20 minutes cooking time
: 15-20 minutes waffles combine flour , baking powder , basil , baking
soda , salt and pepper ; stir well and set aside . in another bowl ,
combine buttermilk , zucchini , corn , onion , oil , and egg/substitute ;
add to dry ingredients , stirring until just moistened .

coat a waffle iron with cooking spray and preheat . spoon about 1/3 c
of batter per 4 '' waffle onto the waffle iron , spreading batter to
edges . cook 5 to 6 minutes per waffle or until steaming stops ( or
light goes out ) . repeat procedure with remaining batter , keeping the
cooked waffles warm . serve with pimento-cheese sauce . pimento-cheese
sauce heat milk over medium-high heat in a small heavy saucepan to
180 deg or until tiny bubbles form around the edge ( do not boil ) .
remove from heat . pour into a small bowl ; let cool 20 minutes .

melt the margarine in saucepan over medium heat . add flour , salt
mustard , and pepper , and cook 1 minute , stirring constantly .
gradually add milk , stirring with a wire whisk until blended . cook 5
minutes or until thickened and bubbly , stirring constantly . remove
from heat and add chees and pimento , stirring until cheese melts .
makes 1 cup .

yield : 4 servings




four-hour bread

breads

1 cup potatoes ; mashed
1 quart potato water
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 each yeast cake
2 tablespoon lard
2 tablespoon salt

pour potato water , hot , over flour and sugar . add potatoes and cool .
add yeast . make sponge . beat 5 minutes , then let rise and add lard
and salt . stiffen up and knead at least 20 minuts . let rise again .
make into loaves or light cakes . let rise and bake

note : potato water is water left from boiling potatoes . source : estella
roberts , salt rock grange , marion county , oh

yield : 1 servings




extra good cheese bread

breads , cheese

-- -- patti vdrj67a -- --
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
1/2 cup onion ; minced
1 1/4 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1/4 cup oil
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup cottage cheese
1/2 cup cheddar cheese ; grated
1 tablespoon poppy seeds

melt butter in skillet . add onion . saute until tender . stir together
flour , baking powder and salt . blend egg , oil and milk . stir into
flour mixture , blending lightly . stir in cottage cheese and sauteed
onions . turn into buttered 9 '' round cake pan . sprinkle with cheddar
cheese and poppy seeds . bake at 425~ for 25 minutes or until golden
brown . serve hot , cut in wedges .

yield : 1 servings




gumdrop bread

breads , desserts , breakfast

2 1/2 cup flour
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/4 cup shortening
2 eggs
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup small gumdrops cut into 1/2
1/2 cup chopped nuts

beat all ingredients except gumdrops and nut in a large mixer bowl on
low speed for 15 seconds . beat on medium speed , scraping bowl
constantly , 30 seconds . stir in gumdrops and nuts . pour into a 9 x 5
inch loaf pan that has been greased on the bottom only . bake at 350f
for 60 to 65 minutes , or until a wooden pick inserted in the center
comes out clean . loosen sides of loaf from the pan . remove bread from
the pan and cool completely on wire rack . for best results , wrap and
refrigerate at least 24 hours before slicing . refrigerate no longer
than 1 week .

yield : 12 servings




shisky ( doughnuts ) ii

breads , cakes , desserts , ethnic

1/2 cup sugar
2 cup milk , lukewarm
1/4 cup crisco
2 fl oz rum , or whiskey
1 teaspoon salt
6 cup flour
2 each eggs
1 pkg yeast , in 1/4 c warm water

cream sugar and crisco , add eggs , one at a time and mix . sift flour
and salt , add flour all at once , and sprinkle yeast over flour , then
add liquor to milk , add milk slowly and beat well . let rise in a warm
place to double size , punch down and let rise second time to double
its size . then roll out 1/3 inch thick , cut out with glass or
doughnut cutter . let rise on board or on clean towel on table until
very light , about 1/2 hour . drop into deep hot fat , not boiling , and
fry on both sides . drain on brown absorbent paper . when cool ,
sprinkle with powered or confectionery sugar .

yield : 24 servings




irish shortbread

breads

8 oz butter
4 oz caster sugar
8 oz plain flour
2 oz cornflour

1 . cream butter and sugar . add flour and cornflour . cut into squares
or into rounds and bake in a slow oven until done .

source : mary killen , clough , downpatrick , co. down , n. ireland typed
for you by : linda fields , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny 315-785-8098
or 786-1120 1993

yield : 1 loaf




quick corn bread

breads

1 tablespoon butter
3/4 cup cornmeal , yellow or white
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 egg
1 1/2 cup buttermilk

1 . preheat oven to 400'f .

2 . place the butter in a heavy 4-cup baking dish and place in
preheated oven .

3 . combine cornmeal , salt , and soda . beat egg until blended and stir
onto buttermilk . pour over dry ingredients and stir only until
blended .

4 . remove pan from oven and tilt to distribute butter evenly . pour
batter immediately into hot pan and return to heated oven and bake
until firm and lightly browned , 20-25 minutes .

5 . serve hot with lots of soft butter and jam .

yield : 6 servings




red lobster 's cheddar biscuit recipe

breads

2 cup bisquick
1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar
2/3 cup milk
1/4 cup melted butter
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder

mix bisquick , cheddar and milk into soft dough . beat with a wooden
spoon for about 30 seconds . spoon on to greased cookie sheet . smooth
down tops . ( bisquick forms sharp hard points otherwise ) bake for 8 to
10 min at 450 degrees .

while baking , melt butter in pan and stir in garlic powder . take
bisquits from oven when done and brush butter on tops and serve hot .

this recipe came from virgene kilbourne via the omalia cooking
school , via red lobster .

yield : 10 biscuits




corn tortillas ( aha )

breads , mexican , heartright

1 1/2 cup water
1 1/2 tablespoon acceptable margarine
1 cup stone-ground cornmeal
1 1/2 tablespoon acceptable margarine
1 1/4 cup whole-wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt

bring water to a boil in a small saucepan . add 1 1/2 t margarine .
stir in cornmeal quickly , then immediately lower heat and cover pan .
let cornmeal cook over very low heat for 5 minutes . stir in
remaining margarine and set aside to cool .

mix flour and salt . stir in cooled cornmeal and knead , adding water
or more flour if necessary to form a soft dough . pinch off twelve
pices and roll into 2-inch balls .

flatten each ball between palms or against a board , making a flat
circle . roll with rolling pin to 6-7 inches . keep turning the circle
to keep it round , and sprinkle board and pin with cornmeal as needed
to prevent sticking .

cook on a hot ungreased griddle for 1 1/2 minutes on each side , or
until flecked with dark spots .

line a basket or bowl with a large cloth . stack tortillas in bowl
and keep covered with cloth .

they may be made up to a day in advance . heating for a few seconds
on each side makes them soft and pliable for handling again . heat
them on a griddle or directly over a medium gas flame .

nutritional analysis : calories 109 kcal cholesterol 0 mg saturated
fat 1 gm protein 3 gm sodium 211 mg polyunsaturated
fat 1 gm carbohydrate 18 gm total fat 3 gm monounsaturated
fat 1 gm

from : american heart association cookbook fifth edition times books ,
1991

entered by : lawrence kellie thu 11-28-1996 at 11:38:40

size of serving : 1 tortilla per serving

yield : 12 servings




pumpernickel westfalen style

breads , german

1500 gm flour , rye
750 gm sourdough
900 ml water , 30c/ 85f
1 tablespoon salt
150 gm molasses

mix sourdough with a part of the flour and let rest for 5 min . add
water and the rest of the flour and knead well . cover and let rest
for 2 1/2 - 3 hours at a warm place . add salt and molasses and kned
well . part in two halfes and give in oven-forms . bake for 12 hours at
100 c/ 212 f. let cool down for one day before cutting .

`` wie man eyn teutsches mannsbild bey kraefften haelt . '' ( historic
recipes )

yield : 2 servings




green tomato cake

breads

1 cup oil
1 3/4 cup sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ginger
2 cup chopped green tomatoes 4 cups
1 cup raisins
1 cup walnuts

directions : cream together oil , sugar , eggs and vanilla . sift dry
ingredients . add to egg mixture . combine well . add tomatoes ,
raisins , and nuts .

makes 2 loaves bake at 350 for 1 hour .

lena couchi 's daughter francis cormier ( gateshead )

typed at you by helen peagram

yield : 2 servings




dilmun flat bread

breads , sourdough

2 cup starter
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
3 cup flour ; white

add water salt and sugar to the culture and mix well . add the flour
to the starter one cup at a time till to stiff to mix by hand knead
till satiny . divide dough into 6 equal balls roll each ball into a 6
inch round with hand or roller and place a floured cloth let rise for
30 minutes at 85 degrees . preheat oiled heavy griddle or baking sheet
to 550 in the oven . carefully transfer 2 rounds at a time to the
oiled griddle with a hand board or large spatula . bake 5 minutes or
till they puff in the middle and start to brown . converted by mmconv
vers . 1.00

yield : 6 servings




chocolate zucchini bread ... ( makes 2 loaves

breads

3 eggs
2 cup white sugar
1 cup oil
2 squares unsweetened
1 chocolate , melted
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup grated zucchini
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup nuts , ground

mix eggs , sugar and oil well ! ! stir in melted chocolate and add
vanilla and stir in zucchini . add dry ingredients slowly and mix
well . pour into 2 9x5x3 inch greased loaf pans..bake at 350 degrees
for 50 minutes or until they test done . cool and turn out on cake
rack to finish cooling . from : sandee eveland
date :
14 aug 96

yield : 4 servings




poppy seed loaf

breads

1 cup poppy seeds
1 cup milk
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 cup flour
1/2 lb butter
2 teaspoon baking powder
4 egg whites , beaten until foamy

mix together poppy seeds and milk and leave in dish for 2 hours . mix
other ingredients in order given . bake 325 degrees for 1 hour in
large greased loaf pan .

yield : 6 servings




orange-apricot bread

breads

1/2 cup dried apricots
1 orange
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup chopped nuts
2 teaspoon butter
1 1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 egg
2 cup sifted flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon soda
1/4 teaspoon salt

from : arizona cookbook

orange apricot bread

soak apricots in enough cold water to cover for 1/2 hour . squeeze
juice from orange into a measuring cup and add enough boiling water
to make a cup . pur ornage skins , drained apricots and raisins through
a food chopper . cream butter and sugar , add vanilla , egg and fruit
mixture and beat smooth . add dry ingredients alternately with orange
juice and water , blending after each addition . bake at 350 f for an
hour in a greased and floured pan ( 9x5 ) .

yield : 6 servings




apple cheese bread

breads , cheese , quick bread

1/2 cup butter or margarine
2/3 cup sugar
2 single eggs
1 single apple , peeled and chopped
1/2 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese
1/3 cup chopped walnuts
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 350 deg f .
cream butter and sugar , beating until light . beat in eggs , one at a
time . stir in apples , cheese and nuts . in separate bowl , combine
flour , baking powder , baking soda , and salt . gradually and gently
stir into apple mixture . pour into greased loaf pan and bake 1 hour .
cool 10 minutes before serving .

yield : 8 servings




sada naan

breads , indian

4 cup flour , all purpose ; 450 g
5/8 cup milk ; or warm water ; 150 ml
2 tablespoon yogurt
1 tablespoon yeast , dried
1 teaspoon sugar
3 tablespoon ghee ; or butter
2 tablespoon poppy seeds
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
-- -- variation : badami naan -- --
2 cup almonds ; blanched finely & shredde
1 white sesame seeds

sprinkle yeast and sugar into the hot milk or water , leave it for 20
minutes . sift together flour , dalt in a large bowl , and make a well
in the centre . put yogurt and 2 tbsp butter in the yeast mixture .
knead well and leave it aside for 3-4 hours , in a warm place until
doubled in size . punch down dough and divide into 8 balls . let it
rest for 10 minutes . roll out each ball in the shape of traignles or
make a round disk . then pull on one side to make a teardrop shape .
mix together 1 tsp ghee or butter , poppy seeds and sesame seeds .
spread a little of the above mixture on each naan . place them on a
baking tray . cook in a preheated oven ( 375f/ 190c/ gas mark 5 ) for
4-5 minutes until brown specks appear . if the naan is not brown
enough then put under a preheated grill for a minute or two .
variation : badami naan brush each sada naan with oil or butter before
baking them . sprinkle almonds and white sesame seeds on the greased
side of every naan . cook in a preheated oven , for 4-5 minutes .

yield : 8 naan




quick & easy waffles

breads , breakfast

4 eggs
1 cup milk
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
2 cup flour
1/2 cup butter ; melted
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla ( optional )

recipe by : iris dunaway beat eggs and sugar until light and foamy . add
cooled melted butter , milk and vanilla extract . sift flour and baking
powder and add to egg mixture . add salt & beat well . bake and serve .

note : this recipe is from the belgian waffles recipe and instruction
booklet that came with the waffle iron i purchased . i use this recipe
all the time and it is really great !

yield : 1 servings




honey oatmeal bread

breads

1 1/2 cup water
1/3 cup butter
1/2 cup honey
6 1/2 cup flour
1 cup oats , quick cooking
2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 eggs
1 tablespoon water
1 egg white
1 oatmeal

combine water , honey and butter in small saucepan . heat over low heat
until liquids are very warm ( 120f ) place 5 cups flour , oats , salt and
yeast in bowl . attach bowl and dough hook . turn to speed two and mix
30 seconds . gradually add warm liquids to flour mixture , about 1
minute . add eggs and mix an additional minute.continue on speed two ,
add remaining flour , 1/2 cup at a time , until dough clings to hook
and cleans sides of bowl . knead on speed two for 3-5 minutes longer .
place in greased bowl , turning once to grease top . cover , let rise in
warm place , frr from draft , until doubled in bulk , about 1
hour.punch down dough and divide in half . shape each half into a loaf
and place in greased loaf pans . cover , let rise in warm place , free
from drafts , until doubled in bulk , about one hour . combine egg white
and water . brush tops of loaves with mixture . sprinkle with oatmeal ,
bake at 375 f for 40 minutes . remove from pans immediately , and cool
on wire racks . yields : two loaves .

yield : 2 servings




indian fry bread

breads , ethnic

4 cup flour
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup lard or shortening warm water , abou ; t
1 oil ; for deep frying
1 honey

mix flour , baking powder and salt . cut in lard until mixture is
texture of cornmeal . gradually add warm water , using only enough to
make dough stick together . divide dough into 6 balls the size of a
fist . cover with towel and let stand 10 minutes . pat each ball out to
size of large pancake . fry in deep hot oil until golden brown on both
sides . serve with honey .

( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 6 servings




pumpkin-cranberry loaf

breads , low cal , low fat

2 cup all-purpose flour
2/3 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 egg whites , lightly beaten
3/4 cup coarsely chopped cranberrie
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1 cup canned pumpkin
1 vegetable cooking spray
1/4 cup chopped pecans

combine the first 6 ingredients in a large bowl ; make a well in
center of mixture . combine pumpkin , water , oil , vanilla , and egg
whites ; add to dry ingredients , stirring just until dry ingredients
are moistened . fold in cranberries .

pour batter into a 9x5-inch loaf pan coated with cooking spray ;
sprinkle pecans over batter . bake at 350 for 1 hour and 5 minutes or
until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean . let cool in
pan 10 minutes on a wire rack ; remove from pan , and let cool
completely on wire rack . yield : 16 servings ( serving size : 1 slice ) .

calories 160 ( 28 % from fat ) ; protein 2.6g ; fat 4.9g ( sat 0.8g , mono
1.8g , poly 2g ) ; carb 26.6g ; fiber 1.3g ; chol 0mg ; iron 1.2mg ; sodium
50mg ; calc 48mg

source : `` tasty gifts - the leaven spoonful , '' cooking light , nov/dec
1995

posted by lisa clarke , cyberealm bbs watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 16 servings




rosemary olive oil bread

breads

1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup water -- 105-115 degrees
2 cup basic bread sponge
3 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1 extra virgin olive oil --
1 for brushing
3 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 flour
1/3 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 for kneading
1/2 cup whole wheat flour --
1 preferably organic
1/4 cup fresh rosemary -- finely
1 chopped
2 tablespoon kosher salt
1 cornmeal -- for sprinkling

measure the rosemary *after* chopping .

preheat the oven to 400 degrees . place the walnuts on a baking sheet ,
roasting until fragrant and golden brown , about eight minutes . cool .

in a bowl , dissolve the yeast in the water . allow to proof for three
minutes .

stir the sponge and 3 tablespoons oil into the water , breaking the
sponge up using your hands or a spoon . stir in the rosemary and salt .

add 3 cups of the unbleached flour , the whole wheat flour , and salt
and mix , scraping and folding until the dough gathers into a single
mass which will be wet and sticky with strands hanging from your
fingers .

turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and allow to rest
for 3 minutes . knead in as much of the 1/3 cup of flour as is
required to make a smooth , elastic and only slightly sticky dough
( use as little flour as is possible ) . shape into a ball .

place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl , brush the top of the dough
with additional oil , and cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate
overnight .

remove from the refrigerator and allow to warm-up in a draft-free
spot for two hours .

sprinkle a baking sheet without sides generously with cornmeal . on a
floured work surface , halve the dough and then shape one piece into a
ball , pressing to remove any large bubbles at the edges . place the
dough-ball on the baking sheet , being sure to put the seam on the
bottom . repeat with the second ball , leaving 3 to 4 inches between
the two . cover with plastic and allow to rise until doubled , in a
draft-free location . this should take 2-2 1/2 hours . these loaves
will be flat and wide .

preheat the oven for at least thirty minutes along with a baking
stone or tiles on the middle rack to 425 . place a baking pan with
decent sides on the bottom shelf . boil two cups of water . brush the
loaves again with oil and then , using a razor blade , make a
tic-tac-toe pattern in the top of each of the loaves - do not tear
the dough , you want to cut it . pour the boiling water into the baking
pan . slide the loaves off the sheet and onto the stone .

bake for 20 minutes , reduce the temperature to 350 and then bake for
another 30-35 minutes until the loaves are a light golden brown and
hollow sounding when tapped on the bottom . when done , brush with
additional olive oil and transfer to cool on a rack .

recipe by : amy scherber , food & wine 2/93

from : owner-mm-recipes @ idiscover.net o

yield : 1 servings




rye sourdough starter

breads , sourdough , jewish

1 pkg dry yeast
3 cup water , tepid ( 80-degree )
3 1/2 cup flour , rye medium
1 onion , small , peeled and
1 halved .

the 4-cup batch of starter made by this recipe is enough to bake any
of the rye breads requiring a rye starter , with enough left over to
serve as the nucleus for another baking . when you `` feed '' leftover
starter ... which should be done every 2 weeks or so.. add a little
rye flour and water , using 3 parts of flour to 2 of water . to build
up a small amount of starter to a quantity large enough for baking ,
do the job in several steps , never adding a larger measure of flour
than the amount of starter on hand . let the starter stand at room
temperature overnight or for up to 24 hours , until it is bubbly and
no longer smells floury . to increase further , add more flour and
water in the same proportions and again let the starter ferment until
it is bubbly enough to use . store leftover starter in the
refrigerator between bakings and `` feedings , '' and for indefinite
storage , freeze it . thaw , then feed the starter and let it ferment at
room temperature before use . makes about 4 cups .

1 . dissolve the yeast in 2 cups of the tepid water , then beat in 2
cups of the rye flour , beating until no lumps remain . add the onion ,
cover loosely with a cloth , and let stand at room temperature for 24
hours . 2 . remove the onion . beat in 1 cup tepid water , then 1 1/2
cups rye flour . cover with the cloth and let stand for 24 hours
longer . the starter should now be pleasantly sour-smelling , almost
beery , and bubbly . ( depending upon the temperature of the room , a
slightly longer or shorter period of fermentation may produce this
result . ) to use : the starter is now ready for use and can be
refrigerated for up to 24 hours before use , without further feeding .
if you must hold the starter longer before use , the night before it
is wanted , add 1/2 cup tepid water and 3/4 cup rye flour and let is
stand at room temperature overnight .

yield : 1 servings




pecan sticky buns

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water ( 105 to 115f )
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
2 eggs
5 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup soft butter or margarine
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
1 filling :
2 tablespoon soft butter
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup melted butter
1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1 cup chopped pecans

sweet dough :

dissolve yeast in warm water in a large mixing bowl . add
buttermilk , eggs , 2 1/2 cups flour , butter , sugar , baking powder and
salt . blend 30 seconds with mixer on low speed , scraping sides and
bottom of bowl . beat 2 minutes on medium speed . stir in remaining 3
cups flour . ( dough should remain soft and slightly sticky ) knead 5
minutes , or about 200 turns on a lightly floured board .

divide dough in half and roll each half into a 12x7 inch rectangle .
spread each half with 1 tbsp soft butter and sprinkle with 1/4 cup
sugar and 1 tsp cinnamon . roll up halves , beginning at wide side .
seal well by pinching the seams . cut each roll into 12 slices . coat
two 9 inch round cake pans with 1/4 cup melted butter , 1/4 cup brown
sugar , and 1/2 cup chopped pecans in each pan . place 12 dough slices
in each pan , leaving a small space between slices . let rise until
doubled . bake in a preheated 375 f oven for about 30 minutes . invert
pans onto serving plates . makes 2 dozen .

origin : hearth and home companion shared by : sharon stevens .

yield : 2 servings




microwaved zucchini casserole

breads , vegetables

1 lb zucchini , sliced
1 each medium onion , sliced
2 each carrot , grated
1/2 cup chopped celery
1 can cream of broccoli soup , cond
8 oz reg or fat-free sour cream
3 tablespoon margarine , melted
8 oz herb seasoned stuffing mix

preparation time : 15 minutes cooking time
: 20 minutes combine zucchini and onion in a microwave-safe dish .
cover tightly , and cook on high 6 minutes or until tender . drain
excess moisture . mix carrot , celery , soup , and sour cream with
zucchini and onion .

combine melted margarine and stuffing mix . toss until crumbs are
`` toasted '' .

using a 4-qt microwave-safe dish ( either 13x9x2 , or casserole ) , layer
with half the stuffing mix , all zucchini mix , then the remaining
stuffing mix . cover . cook 12 minutes at 60 % power . ( for a crispy top ,
cook 9 minutes covered and 3 minutes uncovered ) note
: 2 medium carrots = about 1 c grated
can use other cream soups ( celery , mushroom , etc )
can use either regular or low-fat cream soup

yield : 8 servings




highland oatcakes

breads , ethnic

8 oz medium oatmeal
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 oz dripping or lard
3 tablespoon hot water ( or more )

sift salt and oatmeal in a roomy bowl . put on the gridle or a heavy
frying pan to heat . bring the water to the boil with the fat . pour
into a well in the oatmeal . work into a stiff dough and cut in half .
roll out on a floured board to the size of a dinner plate and about
1/8-inch thick . cut into quarters or farles .

test the gridle 's heat by holding your hand over it . lay on one of the
quartered rounds . when the farles are ready , the surface stops
steaming and begins to look dry and white . turn them and do the other
side . dry off the oatcakes and lightly brown the edges in a hot oven
or under the grill - they should curl up to the fire to prove that
you have made your own .

source : elisabeth luard in `` country living '' ( british ) , february 1989 .

yield : 4 servings




cheese bread- 1/12/96

appetizers , breads

1 pkg refrigerated french bread loaf
2 cup mozzarella cheese ; shredded
1/4 lb salami slices ; ( thin )
1/2 cup roasted peppers ; ( chopped ) ; drained
1 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese

recipe by : source : wkbwtv preheat the oven to 375 degrees . on a
lightly floured surface , unroll the tube of bread dough and pat out
to a rectangle about 12 '' x14 '' . sprinkle the cheese evenly over the
dough , then top with the salami . place the roasted peppers over the
salami , then roll the dough up tightly , starting with the short side .
pinch the edges together to seal and place seamside down into
ungreased baking dish . brush with the melted butter and sprinkle with
the parmesan cheese . bake for 20-25 minutes , or until golden brown .
let stand for 5 to 10 minutes before cutting . to serve , cut into
1-inch slices with serrated knife .

yield : 1 loaf

yield : 1 servings




cheddar dill scones

breads , cheese/eggs

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup ( 4 oz . ) shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoon dill weed
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup butter
2 eggs , slightly beaten
1/2 cup half-and-half

heat oven to 400 degrees . in a medium bowl , combine all ingredients
except butter , eggs , and half-and-half . cut in butter until crumbly .
stir in eggs and half-and-half just until moistened . turn dough onto
lightly floured surface ; knead until smooth ( 1 minute ) . divide dough
in half ; roll each half into 8 '' circle . cut each circle into 8
pie-shaped wedges . place 1 '' apart on cookie sheets . bake for 15 to
20 minutes or until lightly browned .

from : treasury of country recipes cookbook posted by : debbie carlson
~ cooking echo makes : 16 scones

yield : 6 servings




breakfast muffins

breads , breakfast

1 egg
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon shortening , melted
1 teaspoon prepared mustard
1 1/3 cup sifted flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg ( 2 1/2 oz ) carl buddig ham ,
1 finely chopped
1/2 cup shredded wisconsin swiss
1 cheese

beat egg until light.add sugar , sour cream , shortening and mustard ; stir
well.add dry ingredients ; stir just until moistened ; do not overbeat .
gently , stir in ham and cheese.fill greased muffin tins 3/4 full.bake

yield : 12 servings




cheese & apple loaf

breads

12 oz self-raising flour
3 oz soft brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
2 good sized dessert apples
5 oz lancashire cheese 1/4in dice
2 oz roasted , de-skinned , chopped hazeln ; uts ( optional )
1 milk to mix , sour milk prefered

rub the margarine into the flour and the salt until well
incorporated . mix in the sugar . add the dice of cheese , nuts if you
with then the apple , skin on , cut into small lumps . blend these well
into the flour mix . make a well in the centre of your mixture , drop
in the egg , work with the fingers to break up and blend the white and
yolk . then begin adding the milk , working together gently to give a
soft mixture , but not runny .

spread into a greased or parchment lined loaf and bake in a pre-heated
oven . 170c/350f/gas mark 4 for 45 to 60 minutes . cool thoroughly
before storing in an airtight tin .

this semi-sweet tealoaf is good eaten with a sliver of cheese , spread
with either cream or cottage cheese , buttered or plain . source :
lakeland plastics , uk

yield : 2 lb loaf




cinnamon swirl loaf

breads

1 freezer bread dough -- * see
1 note
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon
icing -- --
1 cup powdered sugar -- sifted
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 tablespoon skim milk

on a lightly floured surface , roll dough to a 15 x 7 '' rectangle . brush
entire surface lightly with water . in a small mixing bowl , combine
sugar and cinnamon . sprinkle mixture over dough . beginning with
narrow end , roll up jelly-roll fashion . seal edges and ends . place ,
sealed edge down , in prepared 9 x 5 '' loaf pan . let rise double in
size ( 1 hour ) . bake in a 375 degree oven for 40 minutes , covering
with foil the last 15 minutes to prevent overbrowning . remove from
pan and cool on wire rack . meanwhile , to prepare icing , combine
powdered sugar , vanilla , and milk in a small mixing bowl . drizzle
over loaf and serve .

recipe by : homemade is better

from : adamsfmle @ aol.com date : fri , 12 jul 1996 23:38:41
~0400

yield : 30 servings




hot cross buns ( cont 'd ) 2/2

breads

1 x no ingredients

brown . remove buns from oven and slide off pan on to wire rack over
sheet of waxed paper .

glaze : whisk lemon juice and icing sugar together to form a runny bu
slightly thickened mixture , rather like skim milk in color and
translucence ( glaze should not be so thick that it makes a white
coating , hiding the cross ) . brush glaze over buns while they 're still
hot ( some icing will drip on to the waxed paper ) . if desired , wait 5
minutes , then brush on a second coat of glaze .

spice blends : just mix ingredients together and use as per recipe .

frozen dough method : with rolling pin , press dough into a large
rectangle . sprinkle with raisins . starting at long side , roll dough
tightly into a log shape . slice log into 9 sections .
form each section into a ball and place in square pan coated with non
stick spray . cover with sprayed plastic wrap and allow to double in
size . remove plastic wrap and bake at 350 f for 20 minutes or until
golden brown . remove immediately to cooling rack .

to make icing : mix all icing ingredients together and place in a
squeeze bottle , icing bag or gun .
when buns are cool , use icing bag or snipped milk bag to squirt
icing in a cross design on top .

from the gazette , march 26 , 1997

yield : 20 rolls




whole wheat pizza dough

breads , main dish

2 cup white flour ( app )
1 3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup white flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup water
2 tablespoon salad oil
1 set for 10 min :
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 package yeast

set yeast in 1 ts sugar and 1/2 c lukewarm water for 10 min . heat 1
1/2 c of water and 2 tbsp salad oil until warm ; stir in yeast . mix
whole wheat flour , first amount of white flour , and salt in bowl .
stir in yeast mixture .
knead for 5 minutes with the extra white flour . place in greased
bowl and let rise for 45 minutes ( covered ) . divide in two and roll
out . add toppings and bake at 450 f for 20 min .
recipe from : val gerlach , saskatoon , sk

yield : 2 servings




deep south cornbread

breads

1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil

mix dry ingredients . stir in milk just until dry ingredients are
moistened . add oil to batter , stirring well . heat greased 8 inch
cast-iron skillet unitl very hot , pour in batter , then bake at 425
for 30 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 6 servings




pizza bianca

breads , pizza

6 to 8 servings
1 1/2 pkg dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup warm water ( 105 f to 115 f )
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 cup ( or more ) all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/3 cup olive oil
1 large shallot
4 large garlic cloves
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano , crumbled
1/2 teaspoon dried basil , crumbled
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley , crumbled
1/2 teaspoon crushed dried red pepper flakes
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme , crumbled
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 lb fontina or gruyere cheese , grated

sprinkle yeast and sugar over water in large bowl of heavy-duty
mixer ; stir to dissolve . add salt and mix to blend . add 2 1/2 cups
flour and oil and mix until dough forms ball and cleans sides of
bowl , adding more flour 1 tbs at a time if necessary , about 5
minutes . continue mixing until dough is smooth and elastic , about 10
minutes . cover dough and let stand in warm draft-free area 1 hour .

mix all remaining ingredients except cheese in processor until smooth ,
stopping to scrape down sides of bowl , about 1 minute . ( sauce can be
prepared 5 days ahead , covered and refrigerated . )

turn dough out onto lightly floured surface . divide in half . pat
each half into round . let stand 10 minutes .

preheat oven to 475 f. roll each round out on lightly floured
surface into circle 1/8-inch thick . transfer to cake rack or any
flat perforated pan . spread with sauce . sprinkle with cheese . bake on
rack until edges of pizzas are lightly browned , about 10 minutes .
serve pizzas immediately .

geppetto restaurant - washington , d.c. bon appetit

yield : 8 servings




challah ii~ part 2 of 2

breads , jewish

1 see part 1

: continued from part 1

notes :

* challah ( pronounced `` hallah '' ) is a type of braided egg bread
traditionally eaten on the jewish sabbath . it is eaten by tearing off
hunks rather than by cutting with a knife .

i got this recipe from a housemate a couple of years ago ; i do n't
know its origins before that , but it has become one of my favorite
recipes , and one with which i have experimented a good deal . i 've
tried several other challah recipes , but find i like this one the
best . yield : 2 large loaves .

* the variation in oil makes quite a difference in the moisture of
the bread : if you use the larger quantity , the bread comes out very
nice and moist , but when it cools it becomes somewhat oily .

the amounts of sugar and oil may sound high , but try it this way once
before cutting back . i have tried other recipes that use less , and
they do n't taste nearly as good .

* here 's the fun part -- > variations . because this dough is so
workable , you can form it many different ways , limited only by your
imagination ; i once made a whole collection of different shapes and
sizes , for a festive dinner party .

some of the variations i have tried include :

: o adding extra ingredients , such as raisins and/or nuts
: o forming the braided loaf into a wreath-like loop ( joining the
ends ) : o braiding 5 ways instead of 3
: o baking a small loaf on top of a larger loaf ( traditional )
: o braiding 3 braided loaves into a recursive loaf ( did n't turn out
well ; it ended up looking knotty , rather than intricate , and being
somewhat tough )
: o varying the loaf sizes . one time i made individual-sized
loaves , so that everyone could have their own loaf at dinner . another
time , i divided the dough into 2 halves , set one aside , and made a
loaf out of the other half . then , i divided the remaining piece into
2 halves , and continued the process until i had an array of loaves ,
each half the size of the previous . i managed to get 9 loaves by
doing this , the smallest of which was about 1/4 inch by about 2
inches .

: o varying the length-to-width proportions ; traditionally , challah
loaves are quite wide relative to their length . i find that shorter ,
wider loaves are doughier ( and thus tastier ) , but longer loaves look
more elegant .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : 30 minutes dough preparation , 1 1/2 hours first rising , 1
hour loaf forming , 1 hour second rising , 30 minutes baking . total : 4
1/2 hours . : precision : approximate measurement ok .

: mike schwartz
: university of washington , computer science , seattle , washington , usa
: ihnp4 ! uw-beaver ! schwartz
schwartz @ cs.washington.edu

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




best : biscuit mix

biscuits , mix

9 cup cake-and-pastry flour
1 cup skim milk powder
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup baking powder
1 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 lb shortening

in large bowl , stir together flour , milk powder , sugar , baking
powder , salt and baking soda . using pastry blender , cut in shortening
until mixture is in fine crumbs . transfer to airtight container ;
store in refrigerator for up to 2 months .

stir well before using .

[ crisco golden variety shortening adds colour and flavour . ]

see `` best : golden tea biscuit '' for use of mix .

biscuit tips :

1 . when measuring large quantities of dry ingredients , measure each
into separate bowl ; that way , if you lose count , you can recheck
measure before mixing ingredients .

2 . always pour liquid ingredients over the entire surface of the dry
ingredients , meanwhile tossing lightly with fork to incorporate dry
ingredients into wet without overworking the flour .

3 . dip cutter into flour between cutting each biscuit to prevent
dough from sticking to cutter .

4 . any scraps left over after cutting dough can be sprinkled with
sugar , then baked . or , to avoid wastage , pat dough into a square ,
then cut into squares instead of rounds .

5 . because biscuits are rich in fat , you do n't need to grease the
baking sheet . you can leave the sheet ungreased or sprinkle baking
sheet lightly with all-purpose flour .

6 . to ensure even browning and baking , make each biscuit the same
size and shape .

7 . to remove sticky batter from bowl and fork , first rinse with cold
water before washing in hot soapy water .

source : canadian living magazine , oct 94 presented in article by
elizabeth baird : `` baking up the best '' recipe by canadian living test
kitchen

[ -=pam=- ] pa_meadows @ msn.com

yield : 15 cups




pogaca ( farmer 's bread )

breads

1/4 cup fat
2 lb plain flour
1 salt
2/3 cup yeast cake
1 1/3 cup water

rub fat in 1-1/2 pounds flour ; add salt and yeast previously
dissolved in a little lukewarm water and mix . knead well ,
occasionally sprinkling the dough with the remaining flour . dough
must be neither stiff nor soft . roll the dough out into the size and
shape of a round baking dish . oil or grease and flour the baking dish
and place the dough in it . cover . let it rise for 15 minutes . prick
with fork , starting 1 inch from the edge and making circles spaced 1
inch from another . if desired , brush with egg yolk . bake in a hot
oven ( 425 f ) about 1 hour . when it is half done , set the oven on
moderate . serve pogaca cut into a long narrow strip .

pogaca is often served hot as an appetizer instead of bread . hot
pogaca filled with sour cream is considered a particularly delicious
specialty .

source : lubica blekic `` our favorite recipes '' st. anthony croatian
catholic church typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 pogaca




raised waffles

breads , breakfast

1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg dry yeast
2 cup milk ; warmed
1/2 cup butter ; melted
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs
1/4 teaspoon baking soda

use a rather large mixing bowl -- the batter will rise to double its
original volume . put the water in the mixing bowl and sprinkle in the
yeast . let stand to dissolve for 5 minutes . add the milk , butter ,
salt , sugar and flour to the yeast mixture and beat until smooth and
blended . you can use a hand-rotary beater to get rid of the lumps .
cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let stand overnight at room
temperature . just before cooking the waffles , beat in the eggs , add
the baking soda , and stir until well mixed . the batter will be very
thin . pour about 1/2-to-3/4 cup batter into a very hot waffle iron .
bake the waffles until they are golden and crisp . this batter will
keep well for several days in the refrigerator .

yield : 4 servings




diabetic anise raisin bread

breads , fruits

2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon reduced-calorie margarine
1 teaspoon reduced-calorie margarine
1/2 cup skim milk
1/4 cup sugar ( or sweetneder equiv )
1 tablespoon anise seeds , crushed
1/4 teaspoon anise extract
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract
1 egg
1/4 cup raisins

preheat oven to 350 f. in a large bowl , combine flour and baking
powder . add margarine and blend with fork until mixture resembles
coarse crumbs . in a medium bowl , combine reamining ingredeints ,
except raisins . beat with fork or wire whisk until blended . add this
mixture and raisins to dry ingredients , stirring until all
ingredients are moistened . place ain a 4x8 '' nonstick loaf pan or one
that has been sprayed with a nonstick cooking spray . pat down dough
gently with slightly wet fingertips . bake 30 minutes , or until
toothpick inserted in the cneter comes out clean . cool in pan 10
minutes , then invert onto a rack to finsih cooling . from *prodigy 's
food and wine-healthy eating bulletin board , from bridget benjamin -
phfc09a .

yield : 1 servings




harvest stuffing

breads , stuffing

1/2 cup onion , chopped
1/2 cup butter
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon pepper
8 cup dry bread cubes
2 cup apple
1/2 cup walnuts , chopped
1/4 cup wheat germ
3/4 cup chicken broth

in a skillet , cook onion in butter until tender but not brown . stir
in sage or poultry seasoning , salt , cinnamon and pepper . in a large
mixing bowl combine bread cubes , peeled & chopped apple , walnuts and
wheat germ . add cooked onions . drizzle with enough chicken broth to
moisten , tossing lightly . use to stuff 10 lb . turkey .

source : unknown from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie
the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node
004/005

yield : 10 servings




spicy pineapple zucchini bread

breads

3 eggs
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup oil
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup coarsely grated , unpeeled
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 can crushed pineapple , drained
3/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup finely chopped nuts
1 cup currants

in large bowl of electric mixer , beat eggs . add oil , sugar and
vanilla . continue to beat until thick and foamy . with a spoon , stir
in zucchini and pineapple . in large bowl , combine flour , baking soda ,
salt , baking powder , cinnamon and nutmeg . stir into zucchini mixture
until blended . add nuts and currants . stir until blended . divide
batter evenly between 2 greased and floured 9 '' x 5 '' x 3 `` loaf pans .
bake at 350 degrees f for 60 minutes or until loaves test done . cool
in pans for 10 minutes . turn out on wire cake racks to cool
completely .

yields : 2 loaves

from : winnipeg hydro home economists zucchini booklet

yield : 6 servings




texas breakfast tacos

breads , mexican , breakfast , sauces

1 southwest guacamole
1 fresh tomato salsa
1 lb chorizo sausage ; bulk
1 cup onion ; finely chopped , 1 lg
1 green bell pepper ; medium , *
1 tablespoon margarine or butter
12 eggs ; large , beaten
10 flour tortillas ; **
6 oz cheese ; shredded , ***
2 tablespoon margarine or butter ; melted

* bell pepper should be seeded and cut into strips . ** tortillas
should be 7 to 8 inches in diameter . *** use a mixture of shredded
colby and montery jack cheeses .

yield : 4 servings




cinnamon-swirl raisin bread

breads

-- -- dough -- --
1/4 cup warm water ( 110f )
1 pinch sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
3 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoon unsalted butter , cut up
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cup warm milk ( 110f )
3 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 cup dark raisins
1/2 cup golden raisins
4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
-- -- filling -- --
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon

dough : butter 2 9x5x3 '' loaf pans . butter a 4 quart bowl . in a small
bowl , combine warm water and pinch sugar . sprinkle yeast over water
mixture . let stand until yeast dissolves and bubbles . while yeast is
dissolving , in a large miging bowl combine 3 tb sugar , butter and
salt . pour in warm milk . stir until butter almost melts .

stir in 3 cups flour and dissolved yeast . beat on high speed for 3
minutes . stir raisins into batter . stir in ehough of remaining flour
with a wooden spoon until dough forms a ball . turn dough out onto a
well-floured surface . knead until smooth and elastic , about 8-10
minutes , adding enough of remaining flour to keep dough from
sticking . place dough in buttered bowl , turning once to butter
surface . cover and let rise in a warm place until double , about 1 1/4
to 1 1/2 hours . punch dough down . turn out on a floured board . divide
dough in half . cover and let rest 10 minutes .

filling : while dough rests , in a small bowl combine 1/2 cup sugar and
cinnamon . mix well and set aside .

assembly : roll half dough to a 12x8 '' rectangle . sprinkle with hlaf of
cinnamon filling . press filling into dough as much as possible . roll
up tightly , jelly-roll fashion , starting at the short side . pinch
dough together at seam . pinch ends to seal and fold under loaf .
arrange seam-side down in loaf pan . repeat with remaining dough .

cover and let rise in a warm place until double , about 45 minutes to
an hour . preheat oven to 375f . bake at 375f for 40-45 minutes ,
tenting loosely with foil during the last 15 minutes of baking time ,
if necessary to prevent overbrowning . remove loaves from oven . remove
from pans . coll loaves on racks .

source : victoria magazine , january 1994 typed by katherine smith
cyberealm bbs watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 2 loaves




mom 's cranberry bread

breads

2 cup flour
3/4 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup cut cranberries
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
1 beaten egg
3/4 cup orange juice
2 tablespoon salad oil

sift together dry ingredients . stir in cranberries , nuts & orange
peel . combine eggs , orange juice , salad oil , stirring just till
moistened .

bake in greased 9 1/2 x 5 x 3 '' pan in moderate oven 350 - 50 minutes
or until done .

yield : 1 cake




waffles ( crocker )

breads , crockpot

2 eggs
2 cup all-purpose flour**
1/2 cup margarine or butter , melted ,
1 or vegetable oil
1 3/4 cup milk
1 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

heat waflfle iron . beat eggs with hand beater until fluffy ; beat in
remaining ingredients just until smooth . pour batter from cup or
pitcher onto center of hot waflle iron . bake until steaming stops ,
about 5 minutes . remove waffle carefully . three 10-inch waftles ; 715
calories per waffle .

**if using self rising flour , omit baking powder and salt .

blueberry waffles : sprinkle 2 to 4 tb fresh or frozen blueberries
( thawed and well drained ) over batter immediately after pouring it
onto the iron .

cheese and bacon waffles : stir in 1 cup shredded sharp cheese ( 4 oz ) .
arrange 4 short slices bacon , crisply cooked , on batter immediately
after pouring it onto the iron .

whole wheat waffles : substitute whole wheat flour for the all-purpose
flour and packed brown sugar for the granulated sugar . if desired ,
sprinkle 2 tb wheat germ or sesame seed over batter immediately after
pouring it onto the iron .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 3 10inch




shaker bread puddn *** tptb20b

breads , desserts

4 cup bread ; stale
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup warm milk
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 single brown sugar sauce
1/2 lb brown sugar
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup flour

crumble stale bread . soak for 20 minutes in milk & ssalt . com- bine
eggs , sugar , vanilla , nutmeg & beat well. > > > pour mixture over
bread , stir lightly . steam tightly covered with foil in a pan set in
hot water fora about 45 minutes at 350~ . cover with me- ringue and
bake at 300 for 15 minutes . serve with brown sugar sauce . mix sugar
and flour well . add boiling water . cook mixture until thick . remove
from fire and add butter and vanilla . robbie warinner ( tpbd20b )

yield : 1 servings




sourdough starter # 11

breads

2 cup unbleached flour
1 warm milk to make thick bat .

this starter is the same as starter # 2 but uses warm milk instead of
water . use the same instructions .

yield : 1 servings




easter egg bread

breads

3 cup flour , unsifted
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 pkg active dry yeast
2/3 cup milk
2 tablespoon margarine
2 eggs , room temperature
1/2 cup mixed candied fruits
1/4 cup blanched almonds , chopped
1/2 teaspoon anise seeds
1 melted margarine
5 colored raw eggs
1 powdered sugar
1 colored sprinkles

in a large bowl , mix 1 cup flour , sugar , salt and yeast . combine milk
and 2 tablespoons margarine in a sauce pan and heat over low heat
until warm . ( margarine does not need to be melted ) . gradually add to
the dry ingredients and beat 2 minutes on medium speed , scraping side
occasionally . add the eggs and / cup of flour , beat on high speed for
2 minutes . stir in enough flour to make a soft dough . put on a
floured board and kneak until smooth and elastic . place in a greased
bowl and turn one to coat . cover and let rise for 1 hours . combine
fruit , nuts and seeds . punch down dough and knead in fruit mixture .
divide in half and roll each into a 24 '' long rope and braid loosely
to form a ring on a greased cookie sheet . put the raw eggs in the
spaces , cover and let rise until double about 1 hour . bake 30-35
minutes in a preheated 350of oven . cool on rack , frost with powdered
sugar and sprinkles .

source : `` the yankee kitchen '' 04-02-93 ( # 4 ) [ deb from boston ]

yield : 1 servings




pear tea ring

breads

2 cup dried pears , snipped ( 1/2 pound )
1 1/2 cup raisins , dark or golden -or- dried ; currants ( 1/4 pound )
3/4 cup dried figs , snipped ( 1/8 pound )
3/4 cup walnuts , chopped
2 cup water
1/3 cup brandy -or- unsweetened apple sauce
1 pkg ( or 1 tablespoon ) active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees )
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/3 cup sugar
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 3/4 to 4 c whole wheat flour

combine the pears , raisins ( or dried currants ) , figs , walnuts , 2 cups
water and brandy ( or unsweetened apple juice ) in a bowl . let stand
overnight or at least 3 hours .

dissolve the yeast in the warm water . add the oil , sugar and
cinnamon . blend in the dried fruit and nut mixture . stir in enough
flour to make a stiff dough . beat well .

spoon the dough into a 10-inch tube pan or bundt pan . let rise in a
warm place 1 to 1-1/2 hours , or until almost doubled .

bake in a 400-degree oven for 30 to 40 minutes . cool in the pan for
10 minutes .

remove from the pan and cool completely on a wire rack . when cooled
thoroughly , wrap in aluminum foil and store for at least 3 days before
serving .

cake may be kept in an airtight container in a cool place for several
weeks before use .

serves 25

one serving = calories : 190 carbohydrates : 34 protein : 4 fat : 6
sodium : 3 potassium : 249 cholesterol : 0

exchange value : 1 bread exchange + 1-1/2 fruit exchange + 1 fat
exchange

source : holiday cookbook , american diabetes association , isbn
0-13-024894-0 , by betty wedman , m.s. , r.d .

yield : 25 servings




mrs. sugars pizza dough

breads , pizza

1/2 pkg dry yeast soaked in 1/4 cup water
2/3 cup warm water
2 cup sifted flour
3/4 teaspoon salt

mrs. sugars pizza dough ( her last name was originally italian for
sugar )

knead mixture until smooth , elastic and satiny . cover , let rise two
hours , ( i think the long rising was also one of her secrets , she
insisted it must be two hours , no less )

yield : 6 servings




graham bread

breads , easy

2 cup graham flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk

preheat oven to 400 degrees . sift together dry ingredients . add
buttermilk and mix thoroughly . pour batter into a greased loaf pan .
place pan in the oven , immediately turn thermostat down to 350
degrees and let bake one hour .

posted by pgl @ iglou.com ( don thomas ) on rec.food.recipes or
rec.food.cooking

yield : 6 servings




beinets or french fritters

breads , brunch

1 tablespoon butter
6 tablespoon all-purpose flour
4 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 confectioner 's sugar

these are as light as air . heat deep fat to 370 degrees . combine
water , butter and flour in a saucepan and boil ( stirring constantly )
over low heat for about 5 minutes . remove pan from heat and beat in
one at a time , the eggs . beat the batter for about 3 minutes after
each egg . add the vanilla and drop the batter from a teaspoon into
the hot fat . cook until golden , drain and dust with the
confectioner 's sugar to be good these must be delicate in flavor ,
therefore the frying fat must be impeccable . if you fry in the usual
bland cooking oil , heat it to 365-70 degrees and cook the batter
until almost golden . if you use butter or part butter for frying ,
start frying with the fat at 330 degrees and let the heat rise over a
7 minute period to 360 . be sure to bring the heat of the fat down to
330 again between cookings .

source ; joy of cooking ; author irma s. rombauer and marion rombauer
becker ; published by bobbs-merrill company inc. ; 1964 ; library of
congress # ; 61-7902

yield : 5 servings




basic sponge

breads

1 pkg yeast
1 1/4 cup warm ( 105 to 115 degrees )
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1 cup bread flour

combine yeast and warm water in 3-quart bowl . let stand until some
yeast clumps rise to surface . gradually stir in flours . mixture will
be very thick . cover with plastic .

let stand overnight in warm place . sponge will double and become
puffy . use as directed in recipes . makes enough for 2 baguettes , 16
rolls and 2 focaccia loaves .

one batch of sponge contains about :

882 calories ; 12 mg sodium ; 0 mg cholesterol ; 32 grams protein ; 2.5
grams fiber ; 4 % calories from fat .

recipe from : the los angeles times newspaper , thursday march 05 , 1992
food section by : abby mandel .

yield : 2 servings




livery stable strawberry bread

breads

2 cup frozen whole strawberries ( unsweet ; ened )
1 sugar
3 cup all-purpose flour ; plus :
2 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/4 cup oil
4 eggs ; beaten
1 1/4 cup chopped pecans

place strawberries in medium bowl . sprinkle lightly with sugar to
taste . let strawberries stand until thawed , then slice .

preheat oven to 350f . butter and flour two 9x5-inch loaf pans .
combine flour , sugar , cinnamon , salt and baking soda in large bowl
and mix well . blend oil and eggs into strawberries . add to flour
mixture . stir pecans , blending until dry ingredients are just
moistened . divide batter between pans . bake loaves until tester
inserted in centers comes out clean , about 45 to 50 minutes . let
cool in pans on rack for 10 minutes . turn loaves out and cool
completely .

makes 2 loaves .

source : the livery stable - bozeman , montana typed for you by karen
mintzias

yield : 2 servings




varenyky ( filled dumplings )

breads , soups , holiday , ethnic , russian

5 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter
1 cup evaporated milk
1/2 cup water as needed

* do not use condensed milk in this recipe

combine the flour and salt in a large bowl , forming a well in the
middle . add the butter and milk and mix lightly until the flour is
absorbed . ( add a little warm water as needed . ) knead until the dough
sticks together , cover and allow to rest for a few minutes , then
knead until smooth . cover and set aside . place the dough in a lightly
oiled bowl , turn , and cover for about 1/2 . place 1/4 of the dough on
a floured work surface , re-covering the rest of the dough . roll into
a circle , starting at the center and rolling outwards to maintain an
even thickness , turn over and from the center , roll the dough out to
about 1/8-inch thickness . run a hand under the bottom to loosen it .
with a 3 '' biscuit cutter or a glass , cut into rounds . when done
cutting , place 1 t of the filling on one side of each , flipping the
other half over the top and sealing with your fingers or a fork . be
sure to seal these well . place each of the dumplings on a floured
cooky sheet , keeping the dumplings covered with a towel . repeat with
the remaining dough , saving the scraps until last . use as little
flour as possible in this process or the scraps will be come tough
and heavy . gently drop 12 to 15 varenyky into 3 quarts of boiling
water , in a large dutch oven . do not overcrowd . stir and cook for
about 3 - 4 minutes . drain in a collander and place on a lightly
oiled cookies sheet , shaking to coat with a thin film to prevent
sticking . do not pile the dumplings on top of each other . if the
varenyky are to be frozen , remove with a slotted spoon when they
float to the top . do not overcook . to freeze . place in the freezer on
an oiled cookie sheet when they are at room temp.. when they are
frozen hard , store in tightly sealed plastic bags . varenyky may be
poached , pan-fried or steamed , served as an accompaniment with meats ,
or served with sour cream , chopped sauteed onions , plain yogurt ,
bacon or sausages .

yield : 10 servings




norwegian lefser

breads , norwegian

1 1/2 cup : boiling water
2 tablespoon butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup rye flour
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour

there are many different types of this flat bread . this version should
remain soft rather than crisp ( hence the name lefser , or soft cake ) .
preheat oven to 450f . in a large bowl , combine water , butter , salt ,
rye flour and all-purpose flour and beat well . stir in whole wheat
flour and beat until you have a smooth dough that resembles dough for
a baking powder biscuit . divide dough into 4 parts . cut each portion
into quarters . flour a board and roll each piece of dough to make a
thin 10- to 12-inch circle . if desired , use lefser rolling pin to
make a pattern on the dough . place 2 or 3 dough circles on ungreased
baking sheet . bake in preheated oven 3 to 5 minutes -- not until
completely browned . cool on a rack . wrap airtight .

yield : 3 servings




sour cream muffins

breads , diabetic

1/4 cup diet margarine
3/4 cup imitation sour cream or sour half & ; half
1 1/3 cup all purpose flour
1 non nutritive sweetener to equal 1/ ; 2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 dash nutmeg
1 egg beaten

preheat oven to 450 degrees f. cream margarine ; add sour cream ;
mix well . sift dry ingredients . add alternately with egg to first
mixture . spoon into greased muffin tins ; bake for 15 minutes .

per serving : 1 muffin = 1 bread , 2 fat calories:151

yield : 12 servings




chocolate graham wafers

breads , snacks , crackers

4 oz semi-sweet chocolate bits
1/3 cup dark brown sugar
1 3/4 cup unbleached flour
1/4 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 each stick butter , cut in 4 pcs
2 tablespoon honey
1/4 cup water

use the metal blade to combine the chocolate , brown sugar , the flours ,
soda , salt and butter , about 10 pulses , then process for about 45
seconds . add the remaining ingredients and proceed as in the honey
graham cracker recipe , but lightly sprinkle the surface of the dough
with sugar as you roll it out and score the 3 inch squares diagonally
to make triangles . makes 120 wafers .

yield : 12 servings




berlin bread from brigitte sealing

breads , christmas

2 eggs
2 tablespoon warm water
9 oz sugar
2 1/2 oz apple preserves
1/2 cup rum
1 pinch ground allspice
3 teaspoon cinnamon
2 1/2 oz grated chocolate
9 oz flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
4 1/2 oz whole almonds or hazelnuts
1 1/4 oz candied lemon peel , diced

1 . whisk the eggs and water until frothy , then add sugar , a little
at a time . continue whisking until the mixture is thick and creamy .

2 . mix and sift together the flour and baking powder.add to the eggs
and mix well , and then gradually add in the apple preserves ,
flavoring , spices , nuts and candied peel .

3 . spread the mixture about 1/4 inch thick in a greased baking sheet .
preheat oven to very hot for 5 minutes . bake at moderate hot oven
( 375f ) for 15-20 minutes .

4 . make an icing with 3 1/2 oz confectioners sugar and 1-2 t. hot
water or milk . ice the bread while it is still hot , and slice into 1
x 2 inch slices .

yield : 20 servings




honey bran muffins

breads , breakfast , snacks , low fat

1 1/3 cup flour
3/4 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/8 cup milk
3/8 cup honey
1 eggs
2 tablespoon oil
2 1/4 cup cereal , bran , unsweetened
3/8 cup raisins

if using sweetened cereal , only use half the amount of honey .

preheat oven to 400 . stir together flour and baking powder . in large
mixing bowl , beat together milk , honey , egg , and oil , until thoroughly
mixed . add flour mixture , cereal , and raisins , stirring only until
combined . portion batter evenly into greased muffin cups . bake about
25 minutes , until lightly browned . serve warm .

per muffin : 210 calories , 2 g dietary fiber , 4 g fat

sylvia 's comments : i found these a bit dry , but the kids and peter
have scarfed them down happily . what do i know ? < g >

source : kellogg 's common sense oat bran box

mm by sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 , gt cookbook
echo moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 12 servings




robb 's oatmeal raisin scones

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup sugar
1 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 sticks butter , chilled
3 cup rolled oats
1 cup raisins

preheat oven to 375 degrees f .

mix together the flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt
in a large bowl . cut the cold butter into small pieces and add to
the flour mixture . use either your fingers or a pastry cutter to rub
or cut the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse
crumbs . add the oats and raisins , tossing or stirring with a fork
until you can gather the dough into a rough ball .

sprinkle a board with flour and put the dough on it . knead 6 or 7
times . divide the dough into 3 equal parts . pat each part into a
circle and 1/2 inch thick . cut each circle into wedges . put the
wedges on ungreased baking sheets 1/2 inch apart . bake for about 25
minutes , or until the scones are lightly browned . serve warm .

yield : 18 scones




rice muffins

breads

1 cup cold cooked rice
2 eggs , well beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup milk
4 tablespoon melted shortening
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup flour

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder and salt . combine
rice , milk , eggs , shortening , and sugar . add dry ingredients . beat
only until smooth . fill well-oiled muffin tins 2/3 full . bake in hot
oven ( 435 f ) about 30 minutes . 8 servings . mrs. w.b . baker , pueblo ,
co .

yield : 8 servings




cheddar dill knots

breads

-- -- rolls -- --
1 pkg pillsbury hot roll mix
1 cup finely shredded sharp cheddar chees ; e
3 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill or ...
1 tablespoon dried dill weed
1 cup water heated to 120 to 130 degrees
2 tablespoon butter , softened
1 tablespoon dijon mustard
1 egg
-- -- glaze -- --
1 tablespoon water
1 teaspoon dijon mustard
1 egg

generously grease cookie sheets . in large bowl , combine flour
mixture with yeast from foil packet , cheese and dill ; mix well . stir
in 1 cup hot water , butter , 1 t mustard and 1 egg until dough pulls
away from sides of bowl . turn dough out onto lightly floured surface .
with greased or floured hands , shape dough into a ball . knead dough 5
minutes until smooth , sprinkling with additional flour if necessary
to reduce stickiness . cover dough with large bowl ; let rest 5
minutes . divide dough into 20 pieces . on lightly floured surface ,
roll each piece into 8 '' rope ; tie into loose knot . place 2 to 3 ''
apart on greased cookie sheets . cover loosely with greased plastic
wrap and cloth towel . let rise in warm place for 25 minutes or until
almost doubled in size . heat oven to 375 degrees . uncover dough . in
small bowl , beat all topping ingredients ; lightly brush over rolls .
bake for 13 to 18 minutes or until golden brown . serve warm or cool .

yield : 20 servings




homemade mexican bolillos

breads

1 stephen ceideburg
2 2/3 cup warm water ( 110 degrees f . )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
6 1/2 cup unbleached bread flour + more for k ; neading
1 tablespoon butter , melted
1/2 cup dry milk powder
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/2 cup warm water mixed with
2 teaspoon salt

this recipe is the closest i have come to the real bolillos of
mexico . the secret ingredient is the cinnamon , which provides that
elusive mexican taste .

pour 2/3 cup of the water into a small bowl . add yeast and 1/2
teaspoon sugar . let proof about 10 minutes until bubbly .

combine yeast mixture and remaining water in a large bowl . whisk in 3
cups of the flour . set in a warm place for 30 minutes .

stir in butter , milk powder , sugar , cinnamon , salt and baking powder .
stir in remaining flour ; turn out on a lightly floured board and
knead for 10 minutes , adding additional flour , if necessary . coat
dough with oil and return to bowl . let rise until doubled in bulk ,
about 1 hour .

pour the salt-water mixture into a spray bottle .

punch down dough and form into oblong rolls about 4 inches long . each
bolillo should weigh about 4 ounces . place on lightly greased baking
sheets that have been dusted with cornmeal . let rise about 30
minutes , or until doubled . slash tops lengthwise and mist gently with
the salty water .

bake in a preheated 375 degree f. oven for 10 minutes . mist again .
reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees f. and bake 25 minutes longer ,
until rolls are golden brown .

makes 12 bolillos .

per roll : 310 calories , 10 g protein , 59 g carbohydrate , 3 g fat ( 1 g
saturated ) , 3 mg cholesterol 880 mg sodium , 0 g fiber .

jacqueline higuera mcmahan writing in the san francisco chronicle ,
12/18/91 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 12 servings




cranberry-orange bread

breads , crockpot

2 cup all-purpose flour*
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup margarine or butter , softened
1 tablespoon grated orange peel
3/4 cup orange juice
1 egg
1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries , choppe ; d
1/2 cup chopped nuts

heat oven to 350f . grease bottom only of loaf pan , 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2
1/2 or 9 x 5 x 3 inches . mix flour , sugar , baking powder , salt and
baking soda ; stir in margarine until mixture is crumbly . stir in
orange peel , orange juice and egg just until moistened ; stir in
cranberries and nuts . spread in pan . bake until wooden pick inserted
in the center comes out clean 8-inch loaf 1 1/4 hours , 9-inch loaf 55
to 65 minutes ; cool 5 minutes . loosen sides of loaf from pan ; remove
from pan . cool completely before slicing . 1 loaf ( 24 slices ) ; 105
calories per slice .

*if using self rising flour , omit baking powder and salt . decrease
baking soda to 1/8 ts .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 1 loaf




mexican cornbread *** mm

breads , beef , tex-mex

1 lb ground meat
1 single salt & pepper to taste
1 cup chopped onion
1/2 lb grated american cheese
3 each jalapeno peppers finely chop
1 cup cornmeal
3 each large eggs
1/2 teaspoon soda
3 tablespoon bacon drippings
1 cup sweet milk
1 teaspoon salt

make batter by mixing together the cornmeal , eggs , soda , drippings ,
milk , and salt . mix well . brown meat and drain off grease . grease a 9
x 13-inch baking pan . add 1/2 batter then sprinkle on the meat ,
onions , peppers , and last add cheese . cover with remaining batter .
cook at 350 degrees f. for about 45 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 4 servings




scratch backs

breads

3 cup boiling water
3 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon bacon drippings
1 teaspoon salt

pour water slowly over cornmeal in a large mixing bowl , stirring
well . stir in bacon drippings and salt . drop batter by 2
tablespoonfuls onto lightly greased baking sheets . ( stir mixture
frequently to prevent cornmeal from settling . ) bake at 400 degrees
for 25 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 36 servings




cheddar cornmeal muffins

breads

1 cup all purpose flour
1 cup white cornmeal
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 cup buttermilk
6 tablespoon unsalted butter ; melted , cooled slightly
1 large egg
1 cup grated cheddar cheese

preheat oven to 425f . line twelve 1/3-cup muffin cups with paper or
foil liners . stir first 6 ingredients in large bowl to blend . whisk
buttermilk , butter and egg in medium bowl to blend . add to dry
ingredients and stir just until combined . fold in grated cheddar
cheese . divide batter equally among prepared muffin cups . bake
muffins until tops are golden and tester inserted into center comes
out clean , about 20 minutes . cool in pan on rack 10 minutes . serve
warm or at room temperature .

source : bon appetit ( 2/95 )

yield : 12 servings




simple one-loaf barley bread

breads , yeast , wheat-free

1 cup warm water
1 pkg dry yeast
2 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 cup am barley flour
2 teaspoon am canola oil
2 cup am oat flour

mix first five ingredients together and let stand 10 minutes . stir
down and let stand 15 minutes . add oil and flour . knead for 3
minutes . shape into a loaf . let rise in pan until double in size .
bake at 350 f. for 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the
center comes out clean . this bread is somewhat flat , but it is very
tasty .

source : arrowhead mills `` recipes for special dietary needs '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




chocolate pancakes with chocolate-raspberry s

breads , desserts , low cal , fruits/nuts

-- -- chocolate pancakes -- --
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
1 large egg white
1/4 cup skim milk
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/2 pint non-fat vanilla frozen yogurt
1/3 cup chocolate-raspberry sauce ( recipe ; below )
1/2 cup fresh raspberries
-- -- chocolateraspberry sauce -- --
1/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder
3 tablespoon seedless raspberry jam
2 teaspoon framboise ( optional )
1 teaspoon arrowroot or -
1 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch

chocolate pancakes : in a medium-sized bowl , stir together flour ,
sugar , cocoa , baking powder and salt . in a small bowl , whisk together
egg white , milk , oil and vanilla . make a well in the center of the
dry ingredients and gradually whisk in the liquid mixture , stirring
just until combined . let the batter stand for 5 minutes , or
refrigerate for up to 1 hour . heat a large non-stick skillet over
medium low heat . when hot , coat it lightly with non-stick cooking
spray . drop 3 to 4 pancakes , using about 1 1/2 tablespoons batter per
pancake , into the pan and cook until the underside is browned and the
bubbles on top remain open , 1 to 1 1/2 minutes . turn the pancakes
over and cook until the underside is browned , about 15 seconds .
repeat with the remaining batter . arrange the pancakes on dessert
plates . top with scoops of frozen yogurt and chocolate-raspberry
sauce . garnish with raspberries . serves 2 . chocolate-raspberry
sauce : in a small saucepan , whisk together sugar , cocoa and arrowroot
or cornstarch . gradually whisk in 1/4 c water and jam . bring to a
simmer over medium heat , whisking constantly . remove from the heat
an stir in framboise if using . let cool slightly . ( the sauce can be
stored , covered , in the refrigerator for up to
1 week . ) makes 2/3 cup . calories : 357 per serving ; protein :
8 grams ; fat : 3 grams ; carbohydrate : 78 grams ; sodium : 287 milligrams ;
cholesterol : 1 milligram .

yield : 2 servings




grilled garlic bread

breads

1 loaf french bread
3/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 cup softened butter or margarine

slice bread but not through the bottom crust . add garlic powder to
butter and blend thoroughly . spread between slices and over top of
bread . wrap in aluminum foil ; seal edges . heat on back of grill 45
minutes to 1 hour , depending on heat of coals . serve hot .

yield : 6 servings




basic bread sponge

breads

1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup water -- 105-115 degrees
4 cup all-purpose flour --
1 unbleached

whisk the yeast into the water . allow to sit for about three
minutes . add the flour , mixing for another three minutes . place in a
nonreactive bowl and cover . allow to sit in a draft-free spot until
it rises and gets thick and sticky . this will take about eight hours .

use a spoon to stir the sponge down before measuring for use in a
bread .

once risen , refrigerate for up to three days . allow to come to room
temperature before using . if it goes beyond three days , discard all
but 1 cup of the sponge and make the recipe , adding the reserved
sponge with the flour . stir for two or three minutes before using .

for all of the breads based upon this sponge , allow two days since the
doughs require overnight refrigeration .

for the best results , use as little of the kneading flour as possible .

to allow yourself to slide the loaves into the oven , form them on a
baking sheet without sides or on the bottom of one with sides that is
turned upside-down .

if you do not have a stone or tiles , bake directly on the baking
sheet ( s ) upon which you formed the loaves ( be sure to use either
cornmeal or parchment between the dough and the sheet ) .

all of the breads based upon the sponge can be frozen for up to two
weeks . do n't freeze until the bread has cooled thoroughly - then wrap
in foil and freeze . when ready to use , thaw them , still wrapped , at
room temperature overnight . then , unwrap and warm at 350 degrees for
5 or 10 minutes . alternatively , you could warm the frozen and wrapped
loaves at
300 for 35 to 40 minutes .

recipe by : amy scherber , food & wine 2/93

from : owner-mm-recipes @ idiscover.net o

yield : 1 servings




sour cream banana bread

breads , cakes

1/2 cup butter ( 1 stick )
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup mashed bananas ( about 3 )
1/2 cup chopped pecans or walnuts
1/2 cup sour cream

cream the butter with the sugar . add the eggs and vanilla . add the dry
ingredients ; mix . add the mashed bananas , nuts and sour cream . bake
in a greased loaf pan at 350 for 1 hour .

yield : 1 loaf




shaker spice cookies

biscuits

1 stephen ceideburg
2/3 cup vegetable oil
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup molasses
1 egg
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon cloves
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f .

put the vegetable oil , sugar , molasses and egg into a mixing bowl and
using a spoon , beat until well mixed .

combine the flour , baking soda , cloves , ginger , cinnamon and salt in
a bowl and stir with a fork until well mixed .

add to the liquid ingredients and stir until blended .

to make 2 1/2-inch round cookies use 1 tablespoon of dough per cookie
( i use a 1-tablespoon ice cream scoop , but you can roll the dough into
1-tablespoon-size balls by hand if you do n't have a scoop . ) drop the
dough 2-inches apart on a greased cookie sheet . pat each rounded ball
down just a trifle .

bake for 10 or 11 minutes .

yields 48 cookies

per cookie : 65 calories , 1 g protein , 9 g carbohydrate , 3 g fat ( 0 g
saturated ) , 4 mg cholesterol , 47 mg sodium , 0 g fiber ,

marion cunningham writing in the san francisco chronicle , 10/6/93 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 6 servings




james beard 's sourdough rye

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
3 1/4 cup warm water ( 100-115 deg )
6 cup all-purpose flour ( approx )
2 cup rye flour
2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 1/2 teaspoon poppy seeds
2 tablespoon melted butter
3 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 cornmeal
1 egg , lightly beaten in
1 tablespoon water

four days ahead of breadmaking , prepare the `` starter '' . combine 1
package of the yeast , 2 cups warm water , and 2 cups all-purpose flour
in a plastic bowl or container . cover tightly and let stand for 2
days at room temperature . then refrigerate for at least another day
( see note below ) .

the day before preparing the dough , combine 1 cup of starter , the rye
flour , and 1 cup warm water in a bowl . cover with plastic wrap and let
stand overnight at room temperature . the next day stir down the dough
and add the second package of yeast , dissolved in 1/4 cup warm water ,
salt , caraway seeds , poppy seeds , butter , and sugar . then add up to 4
cups all-purpose flour , 1 cup at a time , to make a stiff but workable
dough . knead for 10 to 12 minutes , then shape into a ball . place in a
buttered bowl , turning to coat the dough with the butter . cover and
let rise in a warm , draft-free place until doubled in bulk , about two
hours .

punch down and divide the dough in half . shape into two round loaves
and place on buttered baking sheets generously sprinkled with
cornmeal .

cover and let rise again until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . brush
with the egg wash , and bake in a preheated 375 deg f. oven for 30
minutes , or until lightly browned and the loaves sound hollow when
rapped with the knuckles . cool , covered with towels to prevent the
crust from hardening .

note : this will provide more starter than you need for this recipe .
to keep it going , replenish with equal parts of warm water and flour ,
let stand again at room temperature , then refrigerate . continue the
process each time you use some of it .

source : beard on bread by james a . beard
: a borzoi book published by alfred a. knopf , inc .
: isbn 0-394-47345-0
: october 23 , 1973

contributed by wesley pitts 11/13/93

from : elizabeth rodier date : 11-13-93 ( 10:23 ) computer
specialties bbs ( 169 ) cooking

yield : 2 servings




oregon hazelnut-stuffed french bread

breads

-- -- bread -- --
2 tablespoon dry yeast
2 1/2 cup warm water ( 105-110 f . )
7 cup bread flour , unsifted
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 egg white ; mixed with ...
1 tablespoon water
1 cornmeal for dusting
-- -- filling -- --
2 garlic cloves ; chopped
1 tablespoon dijon mustard
3/4 cup finely chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ha ; zelnuts )
1/3 cup olive oil
1/2 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes
1/4 cup butter , soft
1 cup grated swiss cheese

thoroughly mix all filling ingredients together and set aside .

dissolve yeast in warm water . add salt and butter , blend until well
mixed . knead until dough is elastic and smooth , about 10 minutes .
place in greased bowl , cover and let rise until doubled , about 1
hour . divide dough into 2 pieces and roll into oblong pieces 15x12
inches . spread each with 1/2 of the filling . roll up sealing as you
roll . place on greased baking sheets dusted with cornmeal , seam side
down . let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . make 3 or 4 diagonal cuts
on each loaf . bake in 450 oven for 25 minutes . remove , brush with egg
white and water mix , bake 5 minutes more .

for best results , keep oven very hot and place a pan with 1 inch of
water on the bottom rack . this steam will create the classic crunchy
crust of good french bread .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 2 lg loaves




banana-oatmeal-pecan bread

breads

1/2 cup margarine , room temperature
1/4 cup honey
2 each eggs
3 each bananas , mashed
1/4 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup oats
2 cup wholewheat flour
1 cup broken pecans

preheat oven to 350f . in a medium sized bowl , cream together butter &
honey till mixture is smooth . beat in eggs one at a time . stir in
bananas , buttermilk & vanilla . when well blended , mix in baking
powder , soda & salt . blend in the rest of the ingredients .

turn mixture into a buttered loaf pan 9 '' by 5 '' by 3 '' . bake for 55
minutes . cool on wire rack .

`` the vegetarian times cookbook ''

yield : 1 servings




fred goslin 's pumpkin nut bread

breads

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 cup libby 's pumpkin
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup milk
2 large eggs beaten slightly
1 cup chopped nuts
1/4 cup butter

preheat oven to 350 deg .

sift together flour , bkng powder , bking sda , salt , cinnamon , & nutmeg

in another bowl combine pumpkin , sugar , milk and eggs .

add dry ingred . and butter mixing untill just moistened .

stir in nuts an spoon into well greased and floured 9x5 loaf pan

bake 65 min or untill wooden pick comes out clean ...

cool 10 min before serving ...

yield : 1 servings




salt rising bread ( tk )

breads

-- -- materials for the yeast -- --
1 cup hot water
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 tablespoon white cornmeal ( heaping )
5 tablespoon sifted flour ( heaping )
-- -- materials for the bread -- --
5 cup flour
1/2 tablespoon lard ( heaping )
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk , warm

for the yeast :
cool water sufficiently to bear your finger in it , then add salt ,
corn meal and lastly flour . beat until smooth , , then sprinkle flour
over the top of the mixture . cover and let stand for 5 hours in a
warm place . by that time the clear water should have risen to top of
the mixture . drain off the water and beat the mixture thoroughly . set
aside for another hour , at the end of such time the mixture should be
light and frothy . it is now ready to use . for the bread :
sift flour in mixing bowl , add salt , and with your fingers mix in
the lard . make a well in the center of the flour , pour in the yeast
preparation and then the milk . stir with spoon until stiff . turn out
on board and knead until smooth . place in buttered baking pans and
let rise until full . bake 45 minutes .

yield : 2 loaves




new york rye - florida style

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast ( 1 1/2 tsp . )
1 cup rye flour
2 tablespoon gluten
3 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon buttermilk powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 1/2 cup water

add all ingredients and `` start '' ( white bread mode ) .

from : marilyn frieman ( wjfh60b ) - prodigy posted by : debbie carlson -
cooking echo

yield : 6 servings




nutt house hot water cornbread

breads

1 cup white cornmeal
1 cup yellow cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup boiling water
2 tablespoon shortening
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon water

mix cornmeals and salt thoroughly and pour in 2 cups boiling water
containing 2 tablespoons shortening . this should produce a firm
mound of dough . set the dough aside and cool for 20 minutes . work in
1/2 teaspoon baking powder dissolved in 2 tablespoons water . pinch
off dough and pat into small round cakes . fry immediately or
refrigerate on waxed paper for later cooking . fry in deep fat hot
enough to bubble freely over the cornbread . this cornbread should
have a crisp crust on the outside yet be soft on the inside . from
the nutt house - granbury , tx

from texas cookbook received in the april '94 swap from sue bell .

formatted for mm by pegg seevers 7/17/94

yield : 1 recipe




brave new bean bread *** fhmn87a *

breads

1 cup boiling water
1 16 oz can vegit baked beans
1 cup raisins
3 cup unbleached flour
1 egg
1 teaspoon baking soda
3 egg whites
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup canola oil
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup chopped toasted walnuts
1 1/2 cup sugar

preheat oven to 325 f. pour the boiling water over the raisins and
set asid pour half the batter into each pan 08/07/92 11:47 am and
bake for ab

yield : 32 servings




grandma 's current pound cake

breads , cakes , desserts

1 1/2 cup currants
1 lb margarine or butter
2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon mace
9 eggs ; separated
4 1/4 cup flour , all purpose ; sifted
1 teaspoon lemon extract
1 teaspoon vanilla

rinse currents in hot water , drain and dry on a towel .

cream butter until fluffy , add sugar and spice and cream thoroughly .
beat egg yolks until thick and creamy ; add to butter mixture and
blend well . add one half of the flour and mix until smooth ; add
remainder of flour and mix until smooth again . mix in stiffly beaten
egg whites . pour into 2 paper lined loaf pans ( 9 '' x4 '' x2.5 '' ) and bake
at 350f for 1 hour and 25 minutes .

test for doneness by inserting a toothpick in center .

yield : 12 servings




corn bread loaf

breads , vegetables

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup buttermilk
1 cup fresh corn kernels or frozen , thawe ; d

preheat oven to 350f . grease 9-by-5-inch loaf pan . dust pan with
cornmeal ; shake out excess . mix first 6 ingredients in large bowl .
whisk eggs , oil , milk and buttermilk in medium bowl . add egg mixture
and corn to dry ingredients and stir just until combined . pour
batter into prepared pan . bake 15 minutes . reduce temperature to
325f and continu baking until tester inserted into center comes out
clean , about 1 hour . cool bread in pan on rack 30 minutes . turn out
bread onto rack . serve warm or at room temperature . ( can be prepared
1 day ahead . cover tightly and store at room temperature . )

yield : 8 servings




pate aux poireaux ( leek tart )

breads , cheese/eggs , vegetables , ethnic

6 tablespoon butter
4 leeks ; up to 5 finely chopped wa
2 tablespoon flour ; all purpose salt & ground
1 egg
2 tablespoon light cream
1 cup white cheddar cheese ; mild grated
1 pastry for 9 inch tart shell

pate aux poireaux

this leek and cheese quiche from ile d'orleans is related to the
flamiche aux poireuax , a savory leek tart made in northern franch and
flanders . the same recipe can also be used to make small tarts .

heat 4 tablespoons of the butter in a heavy saucepan , add leeks and
cook over low heat for 10 minutes . add water , cover and simmer gently
for 20 to
25 minutes or until tender .
in another saucepan , melt the remaining two tablespoons butter ,
blend in flour and cook over medium heat until bubbling . blend in
leek mixture , bring to a boil and season with salt and pepper . remove
from heat .
beat egg and cream together , blend with leek mixture and pour into
unbaked tart shell . sprinkle top evenly with cheese . bake in
preheated 400f oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until cheese begins to
brown . serves : 6

source : _a taste of quebec_ by julian armstrong

yield : 6 servings




pineapple nut bread

breads , fruits , quick bread

1/2 cup butter -- softened
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
1 cup crushed pineapple --
1 drained
1/2 cup walnuts

preheat the oven to 350 degrees . grease and flour two loaf pans .
cream the butter and sugar together in a large mixing bowl . beat the
eggs in one at a time , and blend well after each addition . sift the
flour , baking powder , and salt together . add the flour mixture
alternately with the crushed pineapple to the egg mixture . stir in
the nuts . pour the batter into the prepared loaf pans , and bake at
350 degrees for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until a toothpick inserted
in the middle comes clean . yields 2 small loaves .

recipe by : the red lion inn cookbook

yield : 2 servings




sourdough pizza shells

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
1 tablespoon shortening , melted
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup flour

mix ingredients , working in the flour until you have a soft dough .
roll out into a flat shape . dash oil over a dough sheet and place
dough on it . bake about 5 minutes . it does n't take long , so watch
carefully . have pizza sauce and topping ready and make pizza as
usual . then bake as usual .

yield : 4 servings




grandma 's oatmeal bread

breads

1 from : gaye levy dtxt63a
1 cup water ; boiling
2 1/2 tablespoon margarine
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon molasses , dark , unsulphured
1/2 cup oats
1 egg , extra large , lightly be
3 cup bread flour
2 teaspoon yeast , sprinkled over flour

this is a very large loaf . on my hitachi , it hit the top of the lid
while rising but it baked just fine . i found , however , that i needed
to use the `` light '' setting .

yield : 1 servings




san francisco sourdough french bread

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
5 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup warm water
1 1/2 cup sourdough starter
2 teaspoon salt

in large mixing bowl , sprinkle yeast over warm water , let dissolve
5 minutes . stir in sugar , starter and gradually add 4 cups of the
flour mixed with salt . cover bowl with damp cloth , let rise 1 to 1
1/2 hrs in a warm , draft-free place . turn dough onto floured board ,
work in remaining flour until dough is no longer sticky , knead until
satiny , about 5 min . shape into 1 large round , or 2 long loaves . set
on cookie sheet sprinkled with corn meal . let rise again in warm
place for 1 to 1 1/2 hrs . put shallow pan of water in lower shelf of
oven ; preheat to 400 f. make diagonal slashes in bread . bake 40 to
50 minutes or until crust is medium dark brown . set on rack to cool .
courtesy telephone pioneers billspalding *p crbr
38 southwestern corn bread

yield : 2 servings




corn sticks

breads , southern

2 eggs
2 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon soda
2 cup sifted white corn meal
3 tablespoon melted shortening
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder

beat eggs together until light . add milk , shortening and salt . add
meal , being careful in putting in , as meal varies and the batter
should be a medium batter . beat smooth . grease and heat stick pans .
sift in the baking powder and dissolve the soda in a spoonful of cold
water . add to the mixture , stir well and pour into molds . bake in
good hot oven until brown and crusty -- about 15 to 20 minutes . corn
sticks need a batter some thinner than muffins .

john hartman
indianapolis , in
1996

yield : 10 servings




perfect white bread

breads

1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon ginger
2 pkg active or dry yeast
1/3 cup sugar
2 1/2 cup warm water
4 cup flour
3/4 cup skimmed milk powder
3 cup warm water
5 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup soft lard
8 cup flour ( for the dough )
2 cup flour ( for kneading )

combine the first 4 ingredients and let stand in a warm place until
bubbling nicely . in a large bowl , stir together 1/3 cup sugar , 2 1/2
cups water , 4 cups flour , and 3/4 cup dried skim milk . stir in the
yeast mixture , beating well . cover the bowl and let stand in a warm
place until the sponge is well risen and bubbly . add 3 cups warm
water , 5 teaspoons salt , and 1/2 cup lard and beat well . stir in 6 to
8 cups flour , mixing until the dough clears the bowl . spread the
remaining 2 cups of flour on a pastry board , turn out the dough and
knead well , using a little additional flour if necessary to make it
smooth and satiny . return to the bowl , dust top of dough with flour ,
cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place for about 30
minutes . turn out . knead thoroughly , using only enough flour to keep
dough from sticking . divide into 6 even portions . shape into loaves .
place in greased pans . brush tops of loaves with soft lard and allow
to rise again until double in bulk . bake in preheated oven for 45
minutes ; the first 20 minutes at 425 f. ; then reduce heat to 350 f .
for the rest of the baking period . if a very soft crust is desired ,
brush top of loaves with melted lard or butter as soon as they are
removed from the oven and allow to stand for about 5 minutes before
removing from the pans . this recipe makes 6 medium size loaves .

yield : 6 servings




sourdough starter - b & b

breads , sourdough

1/4 cup milk
1/4 cup warm water
2 teaspoon salad oil
1 pkg yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 teaspoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/3 cup flour

recipe by : stacked arms b & b in wiscasset , maine combine the milk ,
1/4 c water and oil , bring to a boil . cool to lukewarm . sprinkle the
yeast on 1/2 c warm water ; stir until dissolved ; add with sugar and
salt to the cooled milk mixture . stir the liquid into the flour just
enough to blend thoroughly . cover ; let stand in a warm place for
12-18 hours to sour .

yield : 1 servings




golden raisin loaves

breads , fruits

2 cup whole wheat flour ; stirred
2 pkg active dry yeast ; or
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup water
1/2 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 cup raisins ; golden
1 single vegetable oil
2 cup confectioners ' sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon milk
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon active dry yeast ; bulk
2 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
1/3 cup butter or regular margarine
2 each eggs ; lg
2 1/2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted -- -- -vanilla frost
1/4 teaspoon vanilla

note : the amount of flour can vary from 2 1/4 to 2 3/4 cups
depending on stir 1 3/4 cups of the whole wheat flour , sugar ,
undissolved yeast , salt and cinnamon together in a large mixing bowl .
heat the water and butter in a saucepan over low heat to very warm
( 120-130 degrees f. ) . remove from the heat and stir in the
buttermilk . add to the flour-yeast mixture and beat , with an electric
mixer on medium speed , until smooth , about 2 minutes . add the eggs
and beat an additional 2 minutes , then stir in the raisins . gradually
add the remaining 1/4 cup of whole wheat flour and enough white flour
to make a stiff but light dough . ( heaviness indicates too much flour
and the bread will not rise correctly . ) let rest for 5 minutes . turn
the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth ,
about 5 to 8 minutes . cover with the mixing bowl and let rest for 30
minutes . punch the dough down and divide in half . let rest 10
minutes , then roll each half to a 12 x 7-inch rectangle . beginning at
the 7-inch side , roll up tightly like a jelly roll and seal the
edges . tuck the ends under to form rounded edges , ( the loaf should be
about 7 x 3-inches in size ) . place on a greased baking sheet . brush
with oil and repeat for the second batch of dough . cover and let
rise in a warm place until almost doubled , about 30 minutes . bake in
a preheated 375 degree f. oven for 25 minutes or until the loaves
sound hollow when tapped . remove from the baking sheet and cool on
wire racks for 20 minutes . frost with the vanilla icing if desired .
vanilla icing : combine the sugar , vanilla , and milk in a bowl and
beat until smooth .

yield : 10 servings




pineapple-bran whole-wheat muffins

breads

1 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon brown sugar
1 each egg
1 cup 100 % all-bran cereal
1/3 cup skim milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
8 oz can crushed pineapple w juic

mix the flour , baking powder , salt , and sugar . beat the egg
slightly . add cereal , milk , and oil to the egg . stir to combine . let
stand for 2 min . or until the cereal has softened . stir the
pineapple , including the juice , into the mixture . add flour mixture ,
stirring only until combined . spoon the batter evenly into a
paper-lined muffin tin and bake at 400f for about 25 min . serve
warm . cal : 100 , fat : 1g .

yield : 12 servings




annie mae jones ' buttermilk biscuits

breads , biscuits

3 cup flour , all-purpose , sifted
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup shortening
1 cup buttermilk
4 tablespoon butter ( opt )

1 . preheat oven to 450'f .

2 . sift flour , salt , soda , and baking powder into mixing bowl . cut in
shortening , using 2 knives , a pastry cutteror your hands dusted with
flour . add sufficient buttermilk to make a soft dough . knead lightly
and turn out onto a lightly floured board . roll out to 1/2 '' thickness
and cut with biscuit cutter into rounds . place rounds not touching -
for crisper biscuits - or close together - for softer biscuits - on
ungreased baking sheet . brush with melted butter if desired and bake
in preheated oven 12-15 minutes , or until firm and lightly browned .

yield : 18 servings




fruit and nut ginger bread from mary killen

breads

12 oz flour
6 oz margarine
6 oz soft brown sugar
6 oz sultanas ( raisins )
2 oz chopped almonds
4 tablespoon treacle ( molasses )
2 tablespoon buttermilk
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
2 eggs

1 . sift flour with baking soda and spices . cream margarine and sugar ,
add treacle and mix well . beat in eggs a little at a time with the
flour mixture , and add buttermilk to form a soft consistency . stir in
fruit and nuts . turn mixture into a well greased and lined 2 lb . loaf
tin . bake at 160c ( 320f , gas mark 3 ) for 75 minutes .

from : mary killen , clough , co. down , northern ireland 1993

yield : 1 servings




making the loaf

breads

: directions only

making the loaf

kneading

kneading develops the gluten in the flour to form a framework for
holding the gases given off by the yeast . the kitchenaid mixer not
only effortlessly tackles kneading but provides the constant rhythm
necessary for best results . after all the flour has been added ,
continue to knead for approximately 2 minutes until the dough is
smooth and satiny , not sticky . shape the dough into a ball and place
in an oiled bowl . brush the top of the dough with additional oil to
prevent a crust from forming while rising . cover the bowl with a
towel or plastic wrap and let rise in a warm ( 70 degrees f to 85
degrees f ) place , free from drafts .

rising

let the dough rise until double in size . to test the dough , depress
two fingers into the center and if the dent stays , it has doubled .
punch the dough down by pushing your fist into the center of the
dough and pulling the edges over to the center . turn the dough over .
letting the dough rise a second time before shaping will yield a
finer textured loaf .

shaping

there are many ways to shape a loaf . specialty breads , such as braids
or rolls , will generally include directions in the recipes . two
simple methods for shaping standard loaves are as follows :

form the dough into an oval the size of the pan , stretching and
turning ends of the dough under and pinching into a seam . place in
prepared pan , seam side down . roll the dough into a rectangle
slightly longer than the size of the pan . beginning with the shorter
side , roll dough towards you . seal long seam as well as ends with
hands . fold sealed ends under and place loaf , seam side down , into
prepared pan .

baking

place loaves in the center of the oven , leaving space for the heat to
surround the pans . to check for doneness , remove one loaf from its
pan and tap the bottom . if it sounds hollow it is done . turn loaves
onto racks immediately after baking to prevent sogginess .

bread making tips

1.always store flour in an airtight container in a cool , dry place .
for long-term storage , store flour and yeast in refrigerator or
freezer . 2.to measure flour , spoon it lightly into a dry measuring
cup and level with a spatula . 3.use the grain mill to grind whole
wheat berries and other grains into flour . one cup of grain yields
approximately 1-1/4 cups of flour , except for rolled oats which
yields 7/8 cup of flour . 4.always check liquid temperature with an
accurate thermometer .

5.allow bread to rise in a warm , draft-free place . place bowl of
dough on rack over pan of warm water . or , set oven on lowest setting
for 10 minutes . turn oven off and place bowl of dough in oven . 6.for
soft crusts and extra shine , brush finished bread with melted butter
and cool uncovered . 7.for crispier crusts , brush loaves with a
mixture of one egg white and one tablespoon of cold water before
baking . 8.inverting finished bread onto racks immediately from oven
prevents a soggy loaf . 9.some large recipes and soft doughs may climb
over the collar of the dough hook . this indicates the dough needs
more flour . the sooner all the flour is added , the less likely the
dough is to climb the hook . try starting with all but the last cup of
flour in the initial mixing process . then add the remaining flour as
quickly as possible , never exceeding the total amount given in the
recipe . 10.dough made with whole grain flour may not form a ball on
the dough hook during kneading . however , as long as there is contact
between the hook and the dough , kneading will be accomplished .
11.allow bread to cool completely before slicing . 12.baked yeast
breads may be stored in the freezer for up to six months . wrap
securely in plastic wrap or aluminum foil . to thaw , let stand at room
temperature for 3 hours .

recipe by : dinner co-op

from : johnnye tamaru

yield : 1 servings




cocoa applesauce bread

breads

1 2/3 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup sugar
1/3 cup hershey 's cocoa
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnnamon
1 dash ground nutmeg
1/2 cup shortening
2 eggs
1 cup applesauce
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1 vanilla glaze ( recipe follows )

heat oven to 350 f. grease bottom only of 9x5x3-inch loaf pan . in
large mixer bowl , stir together flour , sugar , cocoa , baking powder ,
baking soda , salt , cinnamon and nutmeg . add shortening , eggs and
applesauce ; beat just until blended . stir in pecans . spoon mixture
into prepared pan . bake 50 to 55 minutes or until wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean . cool 15 minutes ; remove from pan
to wire rack . cool completely . prepare vanilla glaze ; drizzle over
bread . 1 loaf ( 14 servings ) .

vanilla glaze : in small bowl , stir together 1/2 cup powdered sugar
and 3 to 4 teaspoons milk . about 1/4 cup glaze .

hershey 's is a registered trademark of hershey foods corporation .
recipe may be reprinted courtesy of the hershey kitchens .

meal-master compatible recipe format by karen mintzias ( km @ salata.com )

yield : 1 loaf




spinach feta strudel

breads

2 pkg of strudel leaves
2 lb fresh spinach
3 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/2 cup finely chopped onion
4 tablespoon butter/margerine
5 eggs -- beaten
1/2 cup chopped scallions , green part inclu ; ded
1/2 lb greek feta cheese -- chopped
1/2 cup chopped dill
1/2 cup finely chopped parsley
1 salt and freshly ground pepper to t ; aste
1/2 lb sweet butter -- melted

spinach feta strudel

remove packages of strudel leaves from the refigerator at least 3
hours before using . wash the spinach in several changes of water .
dry it and cut into 2-inch lengths . cook it in oil till wilted .
drain . brown the onions in butter . mix the onions , eggs , scallions ,
cheese , dill and parsley . add the spinach and season with salt and
pepper . preheat oven to 350 f. butter two 8 x 8 x 2-inch pans . cut 2
strudel leaves into 6 squares each by cutting into thirds lengthwise
and in half across ( keep the remaining strudel leaves covered to
prevent drying ) . place 1 of the squares in the prepared pan and brush
with melted butter . repeat with the remaining 11 strudel sqaures ,
placing each on top of the last . spread with half of the
spinach-cheese filling and cover with 12 more strudel sqaures ,
brushing each with butter . repeat the process with the remaining
ingredients for a second pan . with a sharp knife , cut through the top
to mark it into 2-inch squares . bake 1 hour or till brown and very
puffy . cut into squares and serve hot .

yield : 6 servings




coors reuben braid

breads

1 jim vorheis
3 tablespoon yellow corn meal
12 oz can coors beer
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon salt
1 pkg dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon honey
2 cup bread flour
1 1/2 cup rye flour
1 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds
1/4 cup bread flour
1 filling :
1/2 cup thousand island dressing
16 oz sauerkraut , drained
1/2 lb corned beef , thinly sliced
1/2 lb swiss cheese , thinly sliced

in medium saucepan , combine corn meal and beer . heat to boiling and
simmer for 2 minutes . stir in butter and salt . cool to 105-115 f .
stir in yeast , sugar and honey and let stand for 5 minutes . pour
mixture into large mixing bowl and add 2 cups of bread flour ,
stirring until well blended . add rye flour and caraway seeds and mix
thoroughly . place dough on a lightly floured board and work in enough
of remaining 1/4 cup bread flour to reduce stickiness and make dough
workable . place dough in oiled bowl and turn to coat all sides . let
rise until doubled in bulk .

punch dough down and let rest for 10 minutes . divide dough in half ,
covering one piece . on a floured surface , roll other piece into
rectangle not longer than baking sheet . trim dough so that rectangle
is a true shape . lightly score dough into thirds lengthwise . spread
1/2 dressing over the center third , leaving 1 inch at top and bottom
of section uncovered . cover dressing with 1/2 sauerkraut , 1/2 corned
beef and 1/2 cheese . fold 1 inch at top and bottom over filling and
pinch to seal . on each side of filling , make cuts at 1-inch
intervals . cuts begin 1/2 inch from filling and go to outer edges .
beginning on right , pull top strip across middle and seal end on
other side of filling . pull top left strip across middle and seal ;
alternate in braiding fashion until all strips are secured . repeat
with other ball of dough . cover and let rest for 30 minutes . place on
greased baking sheet and bake at 350 f for 30 minutes . slice to serve .

creme de colorado cookbook ( 1987 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




betty 's zucchini bread

breads , both

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon cinnamon ; 3 if desired
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 eggs
2 cup sugar
3/4 cup vegetable oil
2 cup zucchini ; grated well drained
1 1/2 cup walnuts ; chopped
1/2 cup raisions ; ( optional )

preheat oven to 350 . sift first 5 ingredients . beat eggs in a large
bowl until light . gradually add sugar and beat until thick and lemon
colored . add oil in thin stream and beat well . mix in zucchini , nuts
and raisins . add sifted dry ingredients and blend well . turn into
greased and floured 12-cup bundt pan or 2 8x4 inch loaf pans . bake
until tester inserted in center comes out clean , about 50 minutes .
let cool 5 minutes before turning out onto rack . cool completely
before slicing . makes 1 bundt cake or 2 loaves .from bon
appetit ... .years ago

posted on genie c02 t29 m287 by e.laskey 9/10/92
formated to mm by cathy svitek

yield : 12 servings




croissants ( mc )

breads

2 tablespoon water , warm
1 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon milk
1/4 cup milk
2 cup flour , unbleach
14 tablespoon butter , soft
1 egg , yolk
2 tablespoon water

dissolve yeast in water with 1/2 t sugar . mix rest of sugar with
salt and 2 t milk . set aside . in saucepan , heat 1/4 c milk , 1 c
water , and 2 t butter . in a bowl , mix flour , and the liquids . knead
to form soft dough , adding more flour if necessary . place dough into
greased bowl . cover and let rise in warm place for 45-55 minutes or
until doubled . on floured board , roll into 7x11 t of butter . fold
bottom third toward center , then fold top third over this part . roll
into another rectangle 14x16 third and lift bottom over this .
sprinkle with flour . cover and chill 1 hour . cut dough in half ,
crosswise , and chill 1 hour more . remove 1/2 of dough . roll into a
rectangle 1/2 bottom third and turn down top third . repeat with other
half . cover and chill 30 minutes . roll dough to 9x16 lengthwise .
cut into triangles . roll broad side toward point to form crescents .
put on baking sheets , cover with towel . rise 30 minutes . brush tops
with egg and water . bake at 475f for 5 minutes . lower heat to 400f
and bake for 10 minutes . cool briefly .

yield : 12 servings




bread

breads , holiday , ethnic , christmas

5 lb flour
1/4 lb butter
1 quart milk
1 to 1.1/2 cups sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 yeast cakes or 1/4 pound yeast
1/2 cup water or milk
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
5 large eggs

mix yeast , water and 1 tablespoon sugar . let rise .

put 1 quart of milk in a pot . add 1/2 cup sugar and 1/2 pound butter .
scald ; do n't boil . take off stove to cool to lukewarm .

beat eggs ; add remaining butter and sugar . mix well .

put flour in pan . mix well . add vanilla extract , egg mixture , milk
mixture , yeast and salt .

knead until it falls off your hands . the better it is mixed the
better the bread will be .

let stand until it doubles in size . punch down . let rise again . put
in five or six pans and let rise again .

bake at 375 degrees for 1/2 an hour . reduce heat to 350 degrees and
bake about 1/2 hour longer .

from the cookie lady 's files

posted by cookie.lady [ cookie ] on mar 16 , 1993

yield : 6 servings




kolache with apricot filling

breads , heritage

-- -- bh & g heritage cookbook -- --
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( to 4 c . )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 * * * * *
3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 apricot filling ( below )
1 sifted powdered sugar

in large mixing bowl combine 1 1/4 cups of the flour
and the yeast . in saucepan heat together milk , butter ,
granulated sugar , lemon peel , and salt just till warm
( 115-120 ) , stirring constantly . add to dry mixture in
mixing bowl ; add eggs . beat at low speed of electric
mixer for 1/2 minute , scraping bowl constantly . beat 3
minutes at high speed . by hand , stir in enough of the
remaining flour to make a moderately soft dough . knead
on lightly floured surface till smooth and elastic ( 8
to 10 minutes ) . shape into ball . place in greased
bowl ; turn once to grease surface . cover ; let rise in
warm place till double ( 1 to 1 1/2 hours ) . punch down ;
divide in half . cover ; let rest 10 minutes . shape each
half into 9 balls . place balls , 3 inches apart , on
greased baking sheets . with fingers , flatten each to 3
1/2-inch circle . cover ; let rise till double ( about 45
minutes ) . make a depression in center of each ball .
fill depression with apricot filling . bake at 375 for
10 to 12 minutes . remove from baking sheets ; cool .
dust lightly with powdered sugar .

apricot filling : mix 1 cup snipped dried apricots and
enough water to come 1 inch above apricots . simmer for
15 to 20 minutes ; drain . stir in 1/4 cup granulated
sugar , 1 tablespoon butter , and 1/4 teaspoon ground
nutmeg .

yield : 18 rolls




spinach & stilton pancakes

breads , cheese/eggs , breakfast , vegetarian , pancakes

-- -- for the pancakes -- --
2 oz buckwheat flour
2 oz plain white flour
2 eggs
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
1/4 pint milk
1/4 pint water
-- -- for the filling -- --
2 lb fresh spinich
1 large onion
3 oz stilton cheese
2 oz walnut pieces
1 butter
1 garlic sliver
-- -- for the sauce -- --
1 oz butter
1 oz plain white flour
1/2 pint stock
1/4 pint double cream
2 tablespoon freshly grated parmesan
1 teaspoon ( heaped ) dijon mustard

make a smooth batter with the flours , eggs , milk and water , then stir
in the cool melted butter for extra richness and to prevent sticking
during cooking . use a 6-inch pan and make thin pancakes in the usual
way , but be sure to stir the batter vigorously in between making each
pancake or all the buckwheat flour will sink to the bottom of the
mixture . if preparing ahead , cool the pancakes then stack them
( interleaved with greaseproof paper ) and wrap in a foil parcel .

to make the filling , wash and boil or steam the spinach until just
tender . chop it and squeeze out all the liquid ( save the juices for a
soup ) . chop the onion finely and sweat it in a knob of butter until
it 's deliciously soft . stir in the spinach , season with a little
salt , lots of pepper and the garlic . toast the walnuts and crumbled
stilton into the spinach mixture to give it savoury flavour and bite .
stuff the pancakes with the mixture , roll them up neatly and pile
them into a lightly buttered gratin dish . cover with foil and heat
through in the oven for 25-30 minutes at 400 f ( 200 c ) gas mark 6 .

make a smooth rich sauce with the butter , flour , stock ( preferably
good chicken stock ) and cream . let it simmer for about 5 minutes ,
stirring once or twice , then season with the cheese , mustard and salt
and pepper . if the sauce is made ahead , reheat it in a double-boiler
for serving , then pour it over the dish of pancakes just before
bringing to table .

source : philippa davenport in `` country living '' ( british ) , february
1988 . typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 18 servings




oven scones

beverages , breads

2 cup self-rising flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
2 tablespoon cold butter , cut in small pieces
1 cup to 1 1/3 c milk
1 milk to bush on scones
1 butter

the basic scone . `` to die for '' .

preheat oven to 450f ( 230c ) . very lighty grease a large baking
sheet ; set aside . sift flour , baking poder and salt into a large
bowl . with your fingers , rub in butter until mixture is crumbly . make
a well in center of mixture ; add milk and mix with a fork to make a
dough that barely holds together ( you may need to press dough
together with your hands ) . turn out onto a floured surface and knead
lightly just until smooth . roll out with a floured rolling pin or pat
dough with your hands to make a round about 3/4-inch thick . cut in
rounds with a 2-inch fluted or plain cookie cutter . arrange 1 to 1
1/2-inches apart on baking sheet ; brush tops lightly with milk . bake
8 to 10 minutes or until well risen and golden . transfer to a wire
rack and cool 5 minutes . split and serve warm with clotted cream ( if
you can get it ! ) or sweet butter or whipped cream , plus strawberry
preserves . makes about 12 scones . variations : rich oven scones : add 1
tablespoon sugar to the dry ingredients . in place of the 2/3 cup
milk , use a mixture of 1 lightly beaten egg and 5 tablespoons milk .

yield : 12 servings




old stone inn corn fritters

breads , southern , corn , fritter

6 each ears tender fresh corn
3 each eggs ; separated
7/8 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cayenne pepper to taste
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 oil for deep frying

( 1 ) cut the corn from the cobs , and scrape the cobs well to extract
the milk . you should have 1-1/2 to 2 cups of corn . mash 1/4 cup of
the corn pulp with a potato masher or in a blender or processor .
( this helps to distribute the corn flavor and extract some starch . )
return it to the rest of the corn .

( 2 ) mix the egg yolks with the corn . sift together the flour , salt ,
sugar , cayenne , and baking powder . add to the corn and mix well .

( 3 ) beat the egg whites until stiff but not dry and grainy , and fold
them into the corn mixture .

( 4 ) heat fresh oil in a deep-fat fryer to about 375 degrees f. drop
the batter by tablespoonfuls into the fat , and cook the fritters
until browned on one side , about 2 minutes . turn , and when both sides
are golden brown , remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper
towels . serve at once .

from _the heritage of southern cooking_ by camille glenn , 1986
workman publishing isbn 0-89480-117-1 typos by jeff pruett

yield : 4 servings




quick wheat bread

breads

1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup white flour
1/2 cup oat meal ( quick cooking )
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon orange peel finely shredded
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon lite salt or less
1 3/4 cup buttermilk ( low fat )
1 each egg white
1/8 cup sunflower seeds
1 tablespoon wheat germ
1 teaspoon honey
1 tablespoon sunflower seeds for garnish

baked in a round casserole dish and garnished on the top with
sunflower seeds , this bread is a winner ! preheat the oven to 350 . in
a large bowl combine flours , oatmeal , brown sugar , orange peel ,
baking powder , baking soda and light salt until well blended . add
milk and egg white ; stir only until ingredients are moistened . fold
in the sunflower seeds . lightly oil a 1 1/2 qt . casserole dish ;
sprinkle lightly with wheat germ . pour batter into prepared dish .
bake for 50-60 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center of
bread comes out clean . if necessary , cover loaf with foil during the
last 15 minutes of baking to prevent overbrowning . cool in casserole
for 10 minutes ; turn bread onto wire rack . brush top of loaf with 1
teaspoon of honey and sprinkle with additional 1 tablespoon of
sunflower seeds , if desired . serve warm or cool .

yield : 16 servings




golden cornbread

breads

1 honey butter ( below )
2 cup quick mix ( msg # 120121 )
6 tablespoon cornmeal
2/3 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 cup milk or water
1/4 cup melted butter or margarine
-- -- honey butter -- --
1 cup butter , softened
1 1/4 cup honey
1 egg yolk

prepare honey butter . preheat oven to 350f ( 175c ) . butter a 9-inch
square baking pan . put quick mix , cornmeal and sugar in a medium
bowl and stir to blend . combine eggs with milk or water in a small
bowl . add all at once to dry ingredients . blend . add melted butter
or margarine and stir to blend . fill prepared pan . bake 35 to 40
minutes until golden brown . cut into 2 1/2 inch squares . serve hot
with honey butter . makes 8 - 10 servings .

honey butter : combine butter , honey and egg yok in a deep bowl . beat
with electric mixer 10 minutes . store in refrigerator . makes about 1
1/2 cups .

variation : cornbread muffins : butter muffin pans . fill 3/4 full with
cornbread batter . bake 15 to 20 minutes , until golden brown . makes 8
to 10 muffins .

taken from `` the complete make-a-mix cookbook '' by karine eliason ,
nevada harward , and madeline westover

yield : 8 servings




golden 86 bagels

breads , breakfast

2 tablespoon honey
1 pkg regular long-acting yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 each large pot of boiling water
1 tablespoon sugar
1 each eggwash
1 1/2 cup water , 110 deg f .
5 cup whole wheat flour

dissolve honey in the water . add the yeast and proof . mix in salt and
flour . knead until gluten is formed . place dough in covered bowl and
let rise until almost doubled in bulk . punch down dough and let rest
five minutes . now the fun begins ! divide the dough into 16-32 balls .
roll ball until smooth . poke your index finger through the dough 's
pudgy middle and twirl around your finger until the hole is ~ 1 1/2 ''
across . place formed bagel on a cookie sheet and let rise while you
form the remaining bagels . add the 1 t sugar to the kettle of
simmering water . gently lower the bagel and turn , turn , turn , for ~ 5
minutes . simmer each bagel until it is fully cooked ( otherwise bagel
will `` fall '' ) . place poached bagels on cookie sheet . brush bagels with
eggwash . bake at ~375 degrees for 10-20 minutes , or until golden
brown .

yield : 16 servings




praline pumpkin-date bread

breads , quick bread

-- -- batter -- --
1 2/3 cup sugar
2/3 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoon vanilla
4 each eggs
1 can ( 16 oz ) pumpkin
3 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1 cup chopped dates
-- -- praline streusel -- --
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup chopped pecans
1 tablespoon margarine or butter , softend

heat oven to 350 . grease bottoms only of 2 loaf pans . prepare praline
streusel by mixing ingredients until crumbly ; reserve . mix sugar , oil ,
vanilla , eggs and pumpin in large bowl . stir in remaining ingredients
except dates . stir in dates .

pour batter into pans . sprinkle with praline streusel . bake 50 to 60
minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . cool 10
minutes . loosen sides of loaves from pans ; remove from pans . cool
completely on wire rack before slicing .

yield : 2 loaves




baking powder biscuits+++fggt98b

biscuits , jewel

3 cup bake-it-all mix*
3/4 cup milk

*do not pack
make a well in the mix . add milk and stir with a fork , about 25
strokes . turn onto a sheet of waxed paper . knead well 6 times . roll
out or pat to 1/2 inch thickness on a lightly floured pastry cloth or
board . cut into 2-inch rounds with floured cutter . place on a cooky
inches in diameter note : for 6 biscuits , use 1 cup mix with 1/4 cup
milk .

yield : 18 servings




blue corn sopaipillas

breads , desserts

1 cup am blue cornmeal
1 cup am unbleached white flour
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
3/4 cup water ( approximately )
1 tablespoon honey ( optional )

mix dry ingredients in bowl , knead in water to make stiff dough . coat
rolling pin with oil and roll out dough to 1/4 inch thickness on
lightly floured surface . cut triangular pieces about the size of
sandwich bread slices , cut diagonally . fry sopaipillas in several
inches of hot oil , pushing them under until they puff up like
pillows . turn once . remove and drain . serve with honey and cinnamon .

source : arrowhead mills `` blue cornmeal recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 recipe




english scones

breads

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup milk

sift flour , cream of tartar , baking soda , sugar , and salt together .
work in butter as you would for pie dough . add milk . pat into two
round portions on floured board . cut through to make four pie wedge
impressions . bake in hot 400 degree oven 15-18 minutes . serve hot
with butter and jam or syrup .

raisin-cinnamon variation : add 1 cup raisins , 1/4 teaspoon cloves , 1
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon , 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg .

yield : 6 servings




honey whole wheat casserole bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
1 cup milk
3/4 cup shortening
1/2 cup honey
2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup warm water
2 pkg dry yeast
3 eggs , slightly beaten
4 1/2 cup unsifted flour
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon soft butter

in a small saucepan , heat milk until bubbles form around edge of pan .
remove from heat . add shortening , honey and salt , stirring until
shortening is melted . cool to lukewarm . sprinkle yeast over water in
large bowl and stir until yeast is dissolved . stir in milk mixture
and eggs . combine flours . add 4 cups flour mixture to yeast mixture .
with electric mixer at low speed beat until blended . beat at medium
speed until smooth , about 2 minutes . with wooden spoon gradually beat
in remaining flour mixture . then beat , stretching dough 20 to 30
times . cover with waxed paper and a moist towel . let rise in warm
place , free from drafts , until double in bulk , about 1 hour . lightly
grease a 2 1/2 to 3 quart casserole . punch dough down , and beat with
spoon until smooth , about 30 seconds . turn into casserole , cover and
let rise until double in bulk , 20 to 20 minutes . with a sharp knife ,
cut a 4-inch cross , 1/2 inch deep , in top of dough . bake at 375 f for
45 to 50 minutes , or until bread is nicely browned and sounds hollow
when rapped with knuckle . remove to wire rack . rub butter over top of
bread . serve warm .

colorado cache cookbook ( 1978 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




parmesan croutons

breads , cheese , croutons

1 each slice whole wheat bread
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese

trim crust from bread . cut bread slice into quarters , making squares .
diagonally cut each square in to halves , making triangles . arrange
bread triangles in a shallow baking dish or pie plate . micro-cook ,
uncovered , on 100 % power for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or till the bread is
dry . remove the bread from the microwave oven . in a custard cup
micro-cook butter or margarine , uncovered , on 100 % power for 40 to 50
seconds or till melted . drizzle over bread triangles . sprinkle with
grated parmesan cheese .

yield : 2 servings




quaker oat bran muffins - janet 's

breads , low cal

2 cup quaker oat bran cereal
1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
1 cup skim or 2 % lowfat milk
2 egg whites , slightly beaten
1/4 cup honey or molasses
2 tablespoon vegetable oil

heat oven to 425 degrees . line 12 medium muffin cups with paper
baking cups or spray bottoms only with vegetable oil cooking spray .
combine dry ingredients . add milk , egg whites , honey and oil ; mix
just until dry ingredients are moistened . fill prepared muffin cups
almost full ; bake 15 to 17 minutes or until golden brown . 1 dozen

variations : add to batter any one of the following :

raisin nut muffins-1/4 cup raisins and 1/4 cup chopped nuts
banana nut muffins-1/2 cup mashed banana ( about 1 medium ) and
1/4 cup chopped nuts
blueberry muffins -1/2 cup fresh or frozen blueberries
apple cinnamon muffins-1/2 cup chopped apple ( about 1 small ) ,
1/4 cup chopped nuts and 1 teaspoon cinnamon .

note : to freeze , wrap muffins securely ; store in freezer up to 3
months . to reheat frozen muffins in microwave oven , microwave at high
25 to 30 seconds for each muffin .

nutrition information : based on using the first ingredient listed and
no optional ingredients : each serving ( 1 muffin ) :
calories - 120
carbohydrates - 19g
protein - 4g
fat - 3g
sodium - 90 mg
calcium - 80 mg
cholesterol - 0 mg
dietary fiber - 2g

from tony burke , cyberealm bbs watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 12 servings




benya banana fritters

breads , fruits

1 package of yeast
1 cup hot water
1 sugar
10 very soft bananas
3 tablespoon cinnamon
2 tablespoon nutmeg
2 1/2 lb flour
1 1/2 lb sugar
1 grated rind , med . sz orange
1/4 teaspoon salt

add yeast to hot water ans sprinkle in a little sugar . cover and let
stand to start rising process . mash bananas throughly in large mixing
bowl with yeast . add cinnamon , nutmeg , flour , sugar , grated orange
rind and salt . mix throughly and let stand overnoght . mixture will
rise and triple in amount . drop by spoonfuls in deep fat ; fry until
brown . serve either hot or cold . may be frozen makes 36 pastries
. ( the congressional cookbook , mrs cyril e. king ( wife of the former
governor ( virgin islands )

yield : 1 servings




old fashioned cornbread

breads

4 cup cornmenal
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon salt
4 eggs , beaten
4 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup bacon drippings

combine dry ingredients ; add eggs and buttermilk , mixing well . stir in
bacon drippings . heat a well-greased 10 1/2 inch cast-iron skillet
in a 400 degree oven for 3 minutes or until very hot . pour batter
into hot skillet . bake at 450 for 40 minutes or until golden brown .

yield : 10 servings




dillbrot ( dill bread )

breads , cheese/eggs , vegetables

1 pkg yeast ; active dry
1/4 cup ; warm water ( 110-120 degree
1 cup cottage cheese ; creamed *
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon onion ; minced
1 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 each egg ; large
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon dillseed
2 1/4 cup flour ; unbleached or bread

* creamed cottage cheese should be heated to lukewarm .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++ dissolve yeast in warm water . combine all ingredients in a
mixing bowl , except add the flour a little at a time ( it may take up
to 2 1/2 cups of flour ) . beat until well mixed and mixture is stiff
but not heavy . ( standard bread dough feeling ) . cover and let rise in
a warm place until doubled . punch down and put dough in a bread pan ,
or arrange in a round shape on a greased cookie sheet . let rise
again . bake for 30 to 45 minutes at 350 degrees f. while warm ,
bursh loaf with soft butter , sprinkle well with salt .
makes 1 loaf .

yield : 4 servings




snails

breads

1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoon shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 teaspoon grated lemon rind optional
3 cup sifted flour

soften yeast in water . scald milk . add sugar , salt and shor-
tening . cool to lukewarm . add 1 cup flour .
mix well . add egg and lemon rind . beat well . add softened yeast . mix
well .

add enough additional flour to make a soft dough .
turn out onto lightly floured board or pastry cloth and knead until
satiny . pace in greased bowl .

cover and let rise until double in bulk . when light , punch down .

pinch off portions of dough and roll under hand until 15 inches long
and slightly less than 1/2 inch thick .

starting at center , wind each strip of dough loosely in con- centric
circles . let rise until double . bake at 375~ 20 to 25 minutes .

yield : 18 servings




cat 's mushroom muffins

breads

3/4 cup mushrooms ; chopped
1 3/4 cup flour
1/3 cup onions ; chopped small
1 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup walnuts ; chopped small
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground thyme
1/2 cup cheddar cheese ; grated
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
3/4 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon salt ( use less if you like )
1/3 cup cooking oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 egg ; beaten

melt butter in small skillet and add mushrooms and onions . saute
until onio add the mushroom mixture and stir just until the dry
ingredients are moiste serve warm . converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 12 servings




yorkshire pudding 2

breads , quick bread

2 eggs
1 cup milk
1 cup sifted flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 beef drippings

i find it best to mix this well in advance and chill it before
cooking .

beat the eggs and milk together . sift the flour and salt into the egg
mixture and beat until well blended .

heat the oven to 450 f. pour about 1/4 c of beef drippings into and
11 x 7 inch backing pan or muffin tin and heat the drippings until
they begin to smoke . pour in the batter and place in the oven for 10
minutes . reduce temperature to 350 f and bake for a further 15
minutes .

this is about enough for four normal people although i could eat half
of this myself .

i find that opening the oven door during the baking can produce
disappointing results so i do n't . from : david gibbons converted by
mmconv vers . 1.40 -- -

yield : 4 servings




peanut butter & jelly jewels

biscuits

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/4 cup sugar
1 cup smooth peanut butter
1/2 cup butter , softened
1 large egg
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cherry preserves or glace
1 cherries

sift together flour , soda and salt ; set aside . combine sugars in large
mixer bowl . add peanut butter and butter ; beat until smooth and
creamy . add egg and extract ; mix well . gradually beat in flour
mixture just until blended . refrigerate , covered , at least 1 hour .
preheat oven to 375f . shape dough into 1-inch balls . place on
unbuttered cookie sheets 1 1/2 inches apart . use handle of wooden
spoon to make deep indentation in center of each ball . bake 10 to 12
minutes or until lightly browned and set . cool on cookie sheets until
firm enough to lift . transfer to wire racks to cool completely . fill
centers with cherry preserves or glace cherries .

yield : 5 dozen




caramel-nut sticky biscuits

breakfast , snacks

-- -- topping -- --
2/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/4 cup light corn syrup
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) margarine ; melted
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 cup pecan halves
-- -- biscuits -- --
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup quaker oats ( quick or old
1 fashioned , uncooked )
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/3 cup ( 5-1/3 tb ) margarine
1 cup buttermilk*

heat oven to 425~f . for topping , combine first flour
igredients ; mix well . spread onto bottom of 9-inch square baking
pan . sprinkle with pecans ; set aside .
for biscuits , combine dry ingredients ; mix in buttermilk , mixing
just until moistened . knead gently on lightly floured surface 5 to 7
time ; pat into 8-inch square . cut with knife into sixteen 2-inch
square biscuits ; place over topping in pan . bake 25 to 28 minutes or
until golden brown . let stand 3 minutes ; invert onto large platter .
serve warm .

note : * sour milk may be substituted for buttermilk . for 1 cup sour
milk , combine 1 tablespoon vinegar or lemon juice and enough milk to
make 1 cup , let stand 5 minutes .

yield : 16 servings




caraway horns

breads

1 cup milk
6 tablespoon shortening
6 tablespoon sugar
2 eggs
2 pkg yeast , dry
4 tablespoon water , lukewarm
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
5 cup flour
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 caraway seeds
1 salt , coarse

scald milk and cool to lukewarm . proof yeast in the water with a bit
of sugar . cream shortening and sugar . add beaten egg , yeast , salt ,
and milk . add flour and knead until smooth and satiny . place in oiled
bowl , cover , and let rise until double in bulk . divide dough into
four pieces . roll each piece into a circle about 1/4 '' thick . divide
the circle into 8 wedge-shaped pieces . roll up each piece starting at
the wide end and bend into a horn . place on greased baking sheets ,
brush with melted butter , and
sprinkle with caraway seeds and coarse salt . cover and let rise
until double in bulk . bake 10 minutes @ 425 .
source : the pocket cookbook by eliz . woody 1961 this is double
the original recipe ... 16 rolls were just not enough !

yield : 32 servings




poori ( whole wheat indian bread )

breads , ethnic

1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup self-rising flour
1/3 cup buttermilk

makes 8

additional whole wheat flour peanut oil or corn oil for deep frying

combine 1/2 cup whole wheat flour and self-rising flour in medium
bowl . mix in buttermilk . knead dough on lightly floured surface 2
minutes . cover and let rest 15 minutes .

divide dough into 8 pieces . roll 1 piece into smooth ball ( keep
remainder covered with towel ) . dust generously with whole wheat
flour and roll into 5-inch-diameter circle , dusting with flour to
prevent sticking . cover . repeat with remaining dough .

pour oil into wok or medium saucepan to depth of 3 inches . heat to 375
degrees . add 1 dough round to oil ; dough will sink to bottom . when
dough starts to rise , gently press in center with back of slotted
spoon until bread puffs . turn and cook until light brown , about 20
seconds . transfer to paper towels uning slotted spoon . keep warm
while cooking remaining dough . place on platter and serve
immediately .

bon appetite

yield : 8 servings




sourdough french bread~ san francisco style

breads , french

1 1/2 cup hot water
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup sourdough starter
4 cup unsifted flour
2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 about 2 cups unsifted flour .

dissolve yeast in hot water , pour into large mixing bowl and mix with
starter . add 4 cups flour , sugar and salt and stir vigorously for 3
or 4 minutes . cover with a towel and let rise in a warm place until
double in bulk ( 1 1/2 to 2 hours ) . mix soda with 1 cup of the
remaining flour and stir in ; the dough will be stiff . turn dough out
onto a floured board and begin kneading ; add the remaining 1 cup
flour or more if necessary to control the stickiness . knead until
satiny -- between 5 and 10 minutes .

shape into oblong loaves or one large round loaf ( my preference ) .
place on a lightly greased cooky sheet , cover , and place in a warm
place ; let rise to nearly double in size -- time will depend on
warmth of spot ~- 1 1/2 to 2 hours in most kitchens .

before baking , brush outside with water , make diagonal slashes across
the top with a sharp single edge razor blade . put a shallow pan of
hot water in the bottom of the oven . bake in a hot oven -- 400 egrees
~- until the crust is a medium dark brown ( about 45 minutes for
oblong loaves and about 55 minutes for the large round loaf ) .

for a more sour bread , leave out the yeast and 1/4 c of water but
include the rest of the warm water , all the starter , 4 cups of flour ,
sugar and salt . set this sponge after stirring vigorously in the
afternoon and allow to set over night in a covered bowl . in the
morning dissolve the yeast in 1/4 c of hot water and stir thoroughly
into the sponge . then add your additional flour and soda and follow
the remainder of the instructions from there .

yield : 6 servings




nut raisin bread

breads

3 cup flour
1 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup milk
1 egg
1 cup walnuts chopped
1 cup raisins

mix dry ingredients and add milk and beaten egg then nuts and
raisins . put in greased and floured loaf pan and let set 20 minutes .
bake 1 hour in 350 oven .

yield : 6 servings




poor knights fritters

breads

4 slices white bread
1 butter
1 jam
2 eggs
1 sugar

make two jam sandwiches with bread , butter and jam . beat eggs ( add a
little milk if liked ) . dip sandwiches in egg to coat well . fry in
butter in a cast iron frying pan . when golden brown both sides , toss
in sugar .

yield : 2 servings




pierogi ( dough pockets )

breads

4 cup flour
4 medium eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup water

pierogi ( dough pockets ) oil

place flour in a bowl or on a kneading board . mix eggs , salt and
water , beating slightly . add mixture to flour and knead until the
dough is firm . divide dough in half or quarters and cover with warm
bowl or towel and let dough rest for 10 to 20 minutes .

take a piece of dough and roll it out thin on a floured board . cut
circles ( approximately 5 inches in diameter ) with a cookie or biscuit
cutter . place small amout of desired filling in the center of dough ,
fold in half , firmly pressing edges together . repeat until all dough
and filling has been used .

fill large pot with water ( approximately 3 inches from the top ) , add a
pinch of salt and about 2 ounces of oil . bring water to a boil and ,
while keeping water boiling , gently place pierogi in boiling water .
pierogi will rise to the top . cook about 5 minutes . remove gently
with a skimmer or slotted spoon and place in a flat roasting pan
containing about 1 inch of oil .

allow to cool , remove and place on a cookie sheet or platter till
cold .

note : add water to pot as needed . if water should get starchy
( milky ) , discard and start over with a pot of fresh water .

when pierogi is cold , place in a plastic bag and store in
refrigerator or freezer until ready to use . do not stack or pack
tightly .

when heating pieogi , use large frying pan and saute ( with butter ,
salt pork or bacon in combination with onions or mushrooms ) until
heated through . serves 8 to 12 . serve with sour cream .

yield : 8 servings




sandi 's favorite cake doughnuts

breads , breakfast

1 vegetable oil
3 1/3 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
2 tablespoon shortening
2 eggs
3/4 cup milk

heat oil ( 3-4 inches deep ) to 375 . beat 1 1/2 c. of the flour and the
remaining ingredients in large mixer bowl on low speed , scraping bowl
constantly , 30 seconds . beat on medium speed , scraping occasionally ,
2 min . stir in remaining flour . turn dough onto well floured , cloth
covered board ; coat lightly with flour . roll gently 3/8 inch thick .
cut with floured doughnut cutter . slide doughnuts into hot oil with
wide spatula . turn doughnuts as they rise to surface . fry until
golden brown , 1 to 1 1/2 min . on each side . remove from oil and drain
on paper towels . serve plain , sugared , or frosted .

buttermilk doughnuts : decrease baking powder to 2 teaspoons and beat
in 1 teaspoon baking soda . substitute buttermilk for milk . do not use
self-rising flour .

yield : 2 servings




corn bread 2

breads , penndutch

1 cup cornmeal , yellow
1 cup cornmeal , white
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk , skim
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 single *or :
4 tablespoon sugar
1 each egg , well beaten
1 cup flour
2 tablespoon butter , melted

add the sugar and salt to the cornmeal . beat the egg well and pour
into the milk ; stir this mixture into the meal , beating thoroughly .
sift the flour and baking powder into the meal , add the melted butter
and beat hard . pour the mixture into a greased pan and bake at 400-f
until brown . to make a thin crisp johnny cake , use an oblong pan and
spread batter thinly . for a soft loaf , spread batter thickly .

yield : 1 servings




blue corn sopapillas

breads , desserts

1 cup am blue cornmeal
1 cup am whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry yeast
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 tablespoon butter ; softened
1 cup milk
1 egg ; slightly beaten
1 teaspoon honey

mix dry ingredients . cut or mash butter into dry ingredients
thoroughly . stir liquids until honey dissolves . combine mixtures .
stir gently but completely . let rise 1 hour . if dough is still
sticky , lightly stir in 2 to 4 tablespoons unbleached flour . divide
dough in 3 parts . lightly knead each part in unbleached flour . roll
dough thin , 1/8 inch thick . cut into squares or pie shapes . heat oil
to 375 f. drop into hot oil . cook until golden on one side ; turn
once ; cook till golden .

source : arrowhead mills `` something sweet '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 recipe




red lobster cheese biscuits - gloria pitzer

breads , biscuits

1 cup milk
1/3 cup mayo
1 tablespoon sugar ; or
3 pkg sweet & low
2 cup self-rising flour
1/4 cup kraft 's american cheese ; grate
1 liquid margarine
1 garlic powder
1 kraft american cheese food

combine milk , mayo , sugar and flour . beat with mixer at high speed ,
not quite 1 minute until smooth and completely combined . remove
beaters . use rubber spatula to streak the dough with 1/4c cheese
food . drop batter equally between 10 paper-lined muffin wells .
drizzle top of each with ts liquid margarine and dust each with a
little garlic powder plus 1 scant ts additional cheese food . bake
350~ 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown and tripled in size . cool
in pan on racks for 30 minutes . add only enough flour so batter drops
from spoon . source : gloria pitzer

yield : 10 servings




crisp & spicy cheese twists

appetizers , breads

1/4 cup parmesean cheese , grated
1 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon red pepper , ground
10 oz can refrig . pizza dough
1 butter flavored cook.spray

preheat oven to 425f . combine first 3 ingredients in a small bowl ;
stir well ; set aside .

unroll pizza dough , and roll into an 8x12-inch rectangle . lightly coat
surface of dough with cooking spray , and sprinkle with 2 t cheese
mixture .
fold the dough in half to form a 6x8-inch rectangle . roll dough into
a 12x8-inch rectangle . lightly coat surface of dough with cooking
spray , and sprinkle with remaining cheese mixture . using fingertips ,
press cheese mixture into dough .

cut the dough into 16 ( 8-inch long ) strips . ( pizza cutter works well )
gently pick up both ends of each strip and twist dough . place the
twisted strips 1/2 inch apart on a large baking sheet coated with
cooking spray .

bake at 425f for 8 minutes or until lightly browned . remove and cool
on wire racks

serving size : 1 stick , calories : 68 ( 15 % from fat ) , protein 2.7 g ;
fat 1.1 g reprinted from cooking light mamgazine , march 1996 issue p .
138

yield : 16 servings




corn fritters ( elberti )

breads

1 1/2 cup sifted flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg , slightly beaten
1 powdered sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
16 oz can cream style corn
1 cup corn oil

sift together dry ingredients . mix together corn and egg . add dry
ingredients . stir slowly . heat oil in large skillet over medium heat .
drop batter by tablespoonfuls into hot oil , one layer at a time . fry
about 2 minutes on each side until golden brown . drain on absorbent
paper , and dust with powdered sugar if desired . makes 16 fritters .

mrs. john p. elberti

yield : 16 servings




cinnamon breakfast cake

breads , breakfast , misc

2 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup seedless raisins
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
4 tablespoon brown sugar
4 tablespoon shortening
1 egg , well beaten
1/2 cup milk
1 tablespoon melted butter or butter substitute

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder , and salt . add brown
sugar ; cut in shortening with 2 spatulas . add egg and sufficient milk
to form a soft dough . add raisins . spread in well-oiled and floured
cake tin . pour melted butter over top of cake . sprinkle with 2
tablespoons sugar and cinnamon . bake in hot oven ( 435 f ) 20-25
minutes . mrs. murray nevin , stoneboro , pa .

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




lavash ( armenian cracker bread )

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 toasted sesame seeds

sprinkle yeast into warm water in large bowl and stir until
dissolved . add salt . combine all-purpose and whole wheat flours and
add enough to yeast mixture to make stiff dough . turn out on floured
surface and knead until smooth and elastic , 8 to 10 minutes . shape
into ball . place in greased bowl and turn to grease top . cover and
let rise until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . punch down and let
rise again until doubled , about 30 minutes . divide dough into 8
pieces and roll each out on lightly floured surface to very thin
circle about 9 inches in diameter . place , one at a time , on baking
sheet and sprinkle with sesame seeds . bake at 400f 5 to 6 minutes , or
until bread appears dry , lightly browned and blistered . run palest
side under hot broiler until lightly browned . cool and store in dry
place .

yield : 8 servings




mrs. lyon 's lemon bread

breads

6 tablespoon margarine
1 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk
1 grated rind of lemon
1/2 cup nuts

cream sugar and margarine , add beaten eggs , add milk alternately
with dry ingredients . add the lemon rind and walnuts . bake in loaf
pan 1 hour in 350 oven . when baked pour over bread while still in pan
the juice of lemon mixed with 1/2 cup of sugar , let cool .

yield : 8 servings




banana bread

breads , quick bread , low cal

1 1/2 cup flour
1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon salt
2 single slightly beaten egg whites
1 cup mashed banana
3/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup cooking oil

in a med mixing bowl stir together flour , baking powder , baking soda ,
cinnamon , and salt .
in a large mixing bowl stir together egg whites , banana , sugar , and
oil . stir flour mixture just till moistened .
spray an 8x4x2 '' loaf pan with nonstick coating . spread batter in
prepared pan . bake in 350 deg f oven for 45-50 minutes or till a
toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean .
cool bread in the pan for 10 minutes . remove from pan and cool
thoroughly on a wire rack . for easier slicing , wrap the bread in
plastic wrap and store overnight . makes 1 loaf .
****************************************************************
per serving : 125 calories , 2 g protein , 22 g carbohydrates , 4 g fat ,
0 mg cholesterol , 81 mg sodium , 73 mg potassium .

yield : 16 servings




make-their-own-pizza *****

breads

1 x no ingredients

- refrigerator biscuit or roll dough ( allow 2 rolls per child ) - 16
oz jar good quality spaghetti sauce - freshly grated mozzarella and
parmesan cheese , mixed - other toppings , such as green peppers ,
grated
carrot , etc
' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' ' '' '' `` ' '' ' '' ' in
advance of the party , roll out the biscuits or rolls very flat
between
sheets of waxed paper and store on a cookie sheet in refrigerator .
when it 's time to bake , set the oven at the temp on dough pkg
( usually
350-425 deg f ) and pour the sauce into a bowl that can be reached by
all . set out the cheese and other toppings ( anything you think the
kids will like , or nothing if you think plain cheese is enough ) ,
give
each child 2 pizzas on a paper plate , arm them with spoons , and let
them make their own . you collect the pies , put them on baking
sheets ,
and try to remember whose is whose .
note : you can use english muffins instead of dough . allow 1 muffin
per
child as the base for the pizza .

yield : 8 servings




outback bread

breads

-- -- waldine van geffen vghc42a -- --
3 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1 tablespoon sugar
1 cup warm water
1/2 cup dark molasses
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon oil
2 cup rye flour 3cups all-purpose flour

soften yeast in 1/2 cup warm water . stir in sugar . let stand 6
minutes or till bubbly . meanwhile in large mixing bowl combine 1 cup
warm water with molasses , salt , oil and rye flour . beat to smooth
batter . then work in all-purpose flour till dough is smooth and no
longer sticky , very pliable and elastic . knead a few minutes . let
rise till doubled in greased bowl . punch down . shape into 2 large
round loaves placed a few inches apart on greased and cornmeal dusted
cookie sheet or fill 6 mini foil loaf pans , greased and dusted in
cornmeal , with the dough , dividing it evenly between these little
pans . either way let loaves rise till doubled in warm place . bake
large loaves 375~ about 30 minutes or till crust makes hollow sound
when tapped with knuckles . for tiny loaves place pans on dry
ungreased cookie sheets , a few inches apart . when doubled in size ,
bake at 375~ for 20 minutes or till crust makes that hollow sound
when tapped . bread freezes beautifully . source : gloria pitzer 's
restaurant recipe secrets . mm waldine van geffen vghc42a .

yield : 1 recipe




justin wilson 's hush puppies

breads , cajun

2 cup cornmeal
1 single ground cayenne pepper
1 cup plain flour
2 each eggs , beaten
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup green onion , finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon soda
2 tablespoon bacon drippings , hot
1/2 cup parsley , finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder ( to taste )
1 single deep fat for frying

combine all dry ingredients . add eggs , buttermilk , onions ,
and oil or bacon drippings . mix well . drop in deep hot fat
by spoonfuls and brown on all sides .
now , i said above that this makes 48 , i 've never counted , so i
do n't know for sure . but it sure does make a bunch . the main
reason why i said 48 is because the program , menumaster , wo n't
let you past that field unless you tell it something .
justin wilson says , `` hush puppy is an old southern term that
originated after the civil war . people did n't have enough for
themselves to eat let alone feed their dogs , so when the old
hounds started barking from hunger , they would throw pieces of
fried corn bread to them , yelling , 'shut up , dog ! hush puppy ! ''

yield : 48 servings




pumpkin-chutney quick bread

breads

1 3/4 cup all-purpose unbleached flour
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon ground allspice
1/3 cup vegetable shortening , softened
1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
2 large eggs , beaten lightly
1/4 cup buttermilk
1 cup canned pumpkin puree
1 cup bottled mango chutney , large pieces ; chopped
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1/2 cup golden raisins
1 cream cheese mixed with chopped man ; go chutney for sandwiches

1 . preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease a loaf pan approximately
9-by-5-by-3 inches or two smaller pans .

2 . in a small bowl , use a fork to combine flour , salt , baking soda ,
baking powder and spices .

3 . in a large bowl , cream shortening with sugar . add eggs and
combine . stir in buttermilk , pumpkin puree and chutney and combine
well . add the flour mixture , walnuts and raisins and stir just to
combine . do n't overmix .

4 . spoon batter into prepared pan and bake in the middle of the oven
for 60 to 70 minutes ( 40 to 45 for small loaves ) , or until a skewer
inserted in the center comes out clean .

5 . let bread cool in pan on a rack for 10 minutes . loosen edges with a
knife and remove loaf from the pan . let bread cool , right side up , on
the rack for 2 hours . bread can be made 1 week ahead and kept
refrigerated , wrapped tightly in foil . it can also be frozen in foil
for 1 month .

6 . serve bread with softened cream cheese mixed with chopped chutney .
makes 1 large loaf or two small ones .

adapted from `` gourmet 's holidays and celebrations '' from the editors of
gourmet ( random house , 1992 )

yield : 1 loaf




snappy cheddar loaf

breads , cheese

1/2 cup butter or regular margarine
1 softened
1/2 cup cold packed cheddar cheese
1 food
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce
1/8 teaspoon tabasco sauce
1 french bread ; 20-inch loaf

combine the butter , cheese food , worcestershire sauce and tabasco
sauce in a medium mixing bowl . beat , with an electric mixer set at
medium speed , until well blended , then set aside . cut the french
bread into 1-inch slices . spread the slices with the butter mixture
and reassemble the slices to form a loaf on a 26-inch length of
heavy-duty foil . securely wrap the loaf into a loose packet and
refrigerate . when ready to grill , cook the bread 4-inches from gray
coals ( medium heat ) . grill about 15 minutes turning once , or until
the butter mixture is melted and the bread is hot .

makes 1 loaf .

yield : 6 servings




currant scones

breads , fruits

2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
6 oz butter ; very soft
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup currants
2 eggs ; lightly beaten
1/3 cup milk ; or sour cream

sift together flour , baking powder and salt into a large bowl . break
butter into 1 oz pieces and scatter into flour . for the lightest
scones , do n't pinch the butter and flour together as when making
biscuits . scoop up a handful of flour and butter and very , very
lightly run your thumb across your fingers , allowing the flour to
sift through . at first , it will seem as if nothing is happening , but
within 2 minutes the mixture will resemble fine crumbs .

add sugar , currants and eggs . lightly fold into the flour mixture
with your hands . start with about 1/4 cup milk and add a bit at a
time , folding and mixing to make a soft dough . turn the dough out
onto a lightly floured board . do not knead ; just pat it out into a
rectangle about 1 '' thick . cut it into 2 '' diamonds or squares . put the
scones on a lightly greased baking sheet . bake at 425f for 10
minutes , or until lightly browned and puffed .

per scone : calories : 134 , protein : 2 g , carbohydrate : 15 g , fat : 8 g ,
saturated fat : 5 g , cholesterol : 40 mg , sodium : 223 mg , fiber : 1 g .

source : san francisco chronicle typed by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 18 scones




italian raisin bread : : : gwhp32a

breads , dak

1 pkg yeast
2 3/4 cup better for bread flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup pignolia ( pine ) nuts
1 1/2 teaspoon rosemary ; fresh/minced or
3/4 teaspoon crushed , dried rosemary
1 each egg ; or 1/4 c egg beaters
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup very warm water
3/4 cup golden raisins

place all ingredients ( except raisins ) into the inner pan in the order
listed , select white bread and push `` start . '' add raisins when the auto
bakery `` beeps , '' 88 minutes into the cycle . ( 33 min.with dak turbo ii )
this exotically flavored high-rising raisin-nut bread uniquely `` world
class , '' and definitely irresistible . shared by barb day

yield : 1 servings




lemon-poppy muffins

breads

1 egg
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup sugar
1/4 cup oil
1 cup milk
2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 lemons ; grated zest only
1/3 cup poppy seeds

preheat oven to 400f . beat egg , salt and sugar until light and
fluffy . add oil in a stream and continue beating . beat in milk . sift
flour and baking powder together several times and add to batter . add
lemon zest and poppy seeds . beat until thoroughly mixed . bake in
greased muffin tins for 20-25 minutes .

yield : 12 servings




raisin brown bread

breads , heirloom

2 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup molasses
2 cup buttermilk or sour milk
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup raisins

mix the flours and salt in a bowl . combine molasses , baking soda and
sour milk or buttermilk and add to the mixture . after beating it
until smooth add the raisins . bake in a greased loaf pan for 1 hour
at 350f . serve with baked beans . source : heritage collection ch .

yield : 1 servings




finnish sour rye bread

breads

3 1/2 cup rye flour
3 cup warm water , flat beer
1 buttermilk or potato water
1/4 cup warm water ( 100-105o )
3 1/2 cup or 4c all purpose flour
1 egg lightly beaten with
1 tablespoon water
1 pkg dry yeast
2 tablespoon salt

four days ahead of bread making , prepare the starter : combine 1 cup
rye flour with 1 cup liquid , cover loosely and set in a warm place .
stir once or twice each day , adding more liquid if the mixture
becomes too dry . it should bubble and give off a strong odor .

when ready to prepare the dough , put the starter in a large mixing
bowl , add 2 more cups of whatever liquid was used and stir . dissolve
the yeast and salt in 1/4 cup warm water and stir in . then beat in
the remaining rye flour and up to 4 cups of the white flour one cup
at a time to make a somewhat soft biscuit like dough firm enough to
hold it 's shape . it should not be too sticky . turn out on a lightly
floured board and knead until smooth and velvety , about 10- 12
minutes . divide the dough into two equal parts and shape into balls .
place in two buttered bowls , turning to coat the dough with the
butter . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk ,
about 1 1/2 hours . place on a buttered baking sheet , cover and let
rise again until doubled in bulk , about 40 minutes . bake in a
preheated 400o oven about 45 minutes or until the loaves sound hollow
when tapped with the knuckles . ten minutes before the loaves are
done , brush the tops with the egg wash. cool , covered with towels to
prevent the crust from hardening .

james beard : beard on bread 1973 isbn 0-345-29550-1

yield : 2 servings




half moon bay pumpkin bread

breads , quick bread

3 cup sugar , granulated
3 1/2 cup flour , all-purpose
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
4 large eggs
1 cup vegetable oil
2 cup pumpkin ( cooked )
2/3 cup water
1 1/2 cup walnuts , chopped
1 cream cheese ( optional ; for serving )

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. butter your containers well .

sift the dry ingredients together into a large bowl . make a well in the
center of the dry ingredients , and add the eggs , oil , pumpkin and water .
beat thoroughly . it 's easier to get all the lumps out if you use an
electric mixer . stir in the walnuts with a wooden spoon .

pour the batter into the containers , filling each only half to two-thirds
full . bake for 60-90 minutes , depending on the sizes of your containers .
if you 're using a very small container , start checking much sooner . the
bread is done when a toothpick in the middle comes out clean .

cool about ten minutes , then loosen the edges of the bread with a knife ,
and turn out of the pans to cool the rest of the way on a rack . for baking
containers , you can use a loaf pan , metal cans , or whatever . i usually use
1-pound coffee cans , and it takes three of them . if you want tiny loaves ,
you could probably use soup cans .

notes :

* a dessert bread made from pumpkins -- every year in half moon bay ,
california there is a pumpkin festival , at which prizes are given for the
largest pumpkin in the world . never mind that for the last two years the
winner has been in nova scotia : the citizens of half moon bay take
pumpkins very seriously .

at christmas time in half moon bay , people give each other little tins of
this bread as presents . i also take it backpacking , because it 's pretty
resistant to being squashed ( and tastes fine even when it is ) . yield : 3
1-pound loaves .

* i think the nuts are important in this recipe . unless you absolutely
hate them , leave them in .

* it 's not necessary , but you can serve some good cream cheese with it to
spread on the slices if you like .

: difficulty : easy to moderate .
: time : 15 minutes preparation , 90 minutes cooking .
: precision : measure the ingredients .

: vicki o'day
: hewlett-packard laboratories , palo alto , california , usa
: hplabs ! oday

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 3 loaves




sausage kolaches - klobasnicky

breads

1/4 cup warm water
1/2 cup sugar
2 pkg yeast
1 cup warm milk
1 3/4 cup flour ; i use pillsbury for best
1/2 cup crisco
1/4 cup warm milk
1 tablespoon salt
2 egg yolks
2 1/4 cup flour

beat together warm water , sugar , yeast , 1 cup warm milk and 1 3/4
cups flour thoroughly and let stand for
1 hour .
add crisco , 1/4 cup warm milk , salt , egg yolks and 2 1/4 cups
flour . beat well and let rise until double in bulk , then work down
and make the parts for each sausage roll . cover the sausage with the
dough you have patted out . butter the tops . let rise and bake at
400 degrees until golden brown , about 15 minutes . after these are
done , brush with melted butter .
note . cook the sausage first , then cut into length you desire .

from . mary s. veselka .

yield : 2 1/2 dozen




crumb-topped baked french toast *** ( gnvn56a )

breads , dairy , party , brunch

2 eggs , well beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt .
1/2 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
6 slices texas toast*
1 cup corn flake crumbs
1/4 cup butter , melted
-- -- cinnamon syrup -- --
1 1/3 cup sugar
1/3 cup water
2/3 cup white corn syrup
1 teaspoon cinnamon
5 oz can evap . milk
1/2 teaspoon almond flavoring
1 tablespoon butter

here 's one that i got from country woman magazine in the spring of
1989 . i have made it so many times for company and it is absolutely
fail-proof and delicious ! ! * or other thick-sliced bread . combine
eggs , milk , salt and vanilla ; mix well . dip bread slices into egg
mixture ; coat both sides with crumbs . place on well-greased cookie
sheet . drizzle melted butter over crumb -coated bread . bake at 450
for 10 minutes . to make syrup , combine sugar , water , corn syrup and
cinnamon in saucepan . bring to boil ; cook 2 minutes . remove from
heat ; add milk , flavoring and butter . serve syrup warm with toast .
yield : 4 servings . serve with canadian bacon , bacon or sausage as
desired . note : i always had to double this recipe after the first
time as my family would not stop at 1 1/2 pcs . and they insisted that
i make it when their friends came over . beverly in nc from : beverly
repka
( gnvn56a ) converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 4 servings




molasses oatmeal bread

breads , yeast

2 cakes compressed yeast ; or.. dry yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 cup milk ; scalded
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon shortening
1/3 cup light molasses
4 cup sifted all-purpose flour - ( more as ; necessary )
1 1/2 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )

soften yeast in lukewarm water . ( use warm water for dry yeast . ) pour
scalded milk over sugar , salt , shortening and molasses . cool to
lukewarm . stir in 1 cup flour . add softened yeast and oats . stir in
enough more flour to make a soft dough .

turn out on lightly floured board or canvas ; knead until smooth and
satiny , about 10 minutes . round dough into ball ; place in greased
bowl ; brush lightly with melted shortening . cover and let rise in
warm place until double in size , about 1 hour .

punch dough down ; cover ; let rest 10 minutes . divide dough in half ;
shape each half to form a loaf . place in greased 8-1/2 '' x 4-1/2 '' x
2-1/2 '' loaf pans . brush lightly with melted shortening . cover ; let
rise until nearly double in size , about 45 minutes . bake in
preheated moderate oven ( 350 f. ) about 45 minutes or until golden
brown . remove from pans ; brush with melted butter . cool .

source : our favorites for family and friends reprinted with
permission from the quaker oats company electronic format courtesy of
karen mintzias

yield : 2 loaves




basic sweet dough ( kh )

breads

4 to 5 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup water
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup melted butter
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
3/4 cup milk
1 egg

stir together 1 3/4 cups flour , yeast , and salt in a large mixer
bowl . heat milk , water , butter , and sugar until very warm ( 120 to 130
f ) . add liquid ingredients to flour mixture ; beat until smooth , about
2 minutes on electnc mixer . add egg and 1/2 cup more flour and beat
another 2 minutes . gradually add enough more flour to make a soft
dough . turn out onto floured board ; continue to work in flour until
dough can be kneaded . knead until smooth and elastic , but still soft
( about 5 minutes ) . cover ; let rest about 20 minutes . shape , let rise ,
and bake as directed in recipes that follow .

cinnarnon rolls : roll dough into a 13x9-inch rectangle . spread with 2
tablespoons softened butter or margarine . sprinkle with mixture of
1/2 cup firmly packed brown or white sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon .
beginning with long side , roll dough up tightly jelly-roll fashion .
cut roll into 12 ( 1-inch ) slices . place slices in a greased
13x9x2-inch baking pan or greased muffin cups . bake at 375 f 15 to 20
minutes .

glazed raised doughnuts : follow recipe for basic sweet dough . roll
out to about l/2-inch thickness . cut with doughnut cutter or make
into shape of your choice , such as squares , twists , long johns ,
doughnut holes , or bismarcks . let rise , uncovered , until light , 40
to=7f 50 minutes . fry in deep hot oil ( 375 f ) 3 to 4 minutes , turning
once . drain on paper towels . dip in a glaze of 1 1/2 cups
confectioners ' sugar , 2 tablespoons warm water , and i teaspoon
vanilla extract .

yield : 1 servings




pop-up pizza

breads , main dish , cheese

-- -- filling -- --
1 1/2 lb hamburger
1 cup onion ; chopped
1 cup green pepper ; chopped
1 each garlic clove
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1 dash salt
1/2 cup water
1/8 teaspoon hot pepper sauce
1 1/2 oz spaghetti sauce mix
-- -- batter -- --
1 cup milk
1 cup flour
1 tablespoon oil
2 each eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
-- -- misc -- --
7 oz jack/mozz . cheese slices
1/2 cup parmesan cheese ; grated

pre-heat oven to 400f.
*** filling ***
in large skillet , brown hamburger and drain . stir in onion , green
pepper , garlic , oregano , salt , water , hot pepper sauce , tomato sauce
and sauce mix ; simmer about 10 min stirring occassionally.
*** batter ***
in a bowl , combine milk , oil and eggs ; beat 1 min on medium speed . add
flour and salt ; beat 2 min or until smooth.
*** assembly ***
pour hot meat mixture into 13x9 pan ; top with cheese slices . pour
batter over cheese , covering filling completely ; sprinkle with
parmesan cheese . bake at 400f for 25-30 min or until puffed and
brown.

yield : 8 servings




nutty chocolate & mashmallow muffins

breads , cakes

2 tablespoon cooking chocolate melted
1/2 cup melted marg or butter
1 cup sour cream or yoghurt
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup walnuts
3/4 cup chopped marshmallows

preheat oven to 400f prepare muffin pans put first 6 ingrediants in a
bowl and mix well . add the remaining ingrediants except the
marshmallows , blend until just mixed , add marshmallows . bake for
15-20 min .

yield : 15 servings




potato pancakes

breads , vegetables

1 put in blender in this order
1/4 cup milk
2 eggs
1 small onion , quartered
2 tablespoon parsley
3 tablespoon flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 dash worchestershire sauce
1 dash nutmeg
1 mix then add :
2 med potatoes peeled and cut
1 into 1 inch cubes

put first set of ingredients in blender in order given . mix . put in
potatoes . blend until finely chopped but not pureed . stop
periodically to clean sides of blender with spatula . cook in 2 tbsp
hot oil in electric skillet at 350 f. add 1 tbsp batter per pancake
and spread out . cook about 2 minutes for each side . store on platter
in warm oven while cooking rest .

source : amish cooking from quilt country tv show typed by : melissa
mierau

yield : 1 servings




best buttermilk biscuits

breads

4 cup self-rising flour
1 cup vegetable shortening
2 cup buttermilk

place flour in mixing bowl . cut in shortening . add buttermilk and
mix well . dough will be sticky . flour hands and bread board . pat
dough into a circle 3/4-inch thick . cut dough with a biscuit cutter .
place on an ungreased baking sheet . bake in preheated 400 degree
oven 15-20 minutes , or until golden brown . delicious with butter or
stuffed with ham for a special ham biscuit . yield : 2 dozen biscuits
( depending on size ) .

from palm country cuisine received in the july '94 swap from laura
workman

formatted for mm by pegg seevers

yield : 2 dozen




sourdough riz biscuits

breads , sourdough

-- -- sallie kratz nxmb21a -- --
1/2 cup milk ; warm
2 teaspoon sugar
1 pkg dry yeast
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ; sifted salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup sourdough starter
1/2 cup butter
1 < < < or > > >
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup cheese ; shredded ; i used cojack c

dissolve yeast in warm milk to which sugar has been added . mix
remaining dry ingredints in medum bowl , cut in butter with pastry
cutter to resemble cornmeal . mix in 1 cup shredded cheese . bleand
starter into dissolved yeast and stir all lightly into flour mixture
until ball just forms . roll out 1/2-inch thick on well-floured board ,
flouring top as needed just to keep from sticking to rolling pin .
cut out and quickly place on buttered baking pan , barely touching .
( work fast , they get sticky quickly ) . put in draft-free place to
rise , for about 1 hour or in refrigerator for about 4 hours . bake at
425~ for 25 minutes until nicely browned . serve warm with butter .
enjoy enjoy ... sallie ... comment before posting note : another
sourdough starter goodie ... created by kyllikki fuller ... who was one
of the best sourdough teachers ! she was the one who really helped me
nurse that starter from day one ... mm format : norma wrenn npxr56b

yield : 1 servings




pina colada bread pudding

breads , desserts , crockpot , alcohol

1 lb bread pieces
1 can pina colada drink mix
6 oz pineapple juice
1 can milk , canned skim
1/2 cup cream of coconut
2 bananas
3 eggs
1/3 cup irish cream
1 cup raisins
8 oz pineapple in juice
1 teaspoon lemon peel , grated

slice bananas crosswise . in blender or food processor fitted with
metal blade , combine half of drink mix , pineapple juice , milk , cream
of coconut , and banana slices . process until pureed ; pour puree into
6-cup bowl . puree remaining half of liquid ingredients and banana
slices with eggs and liqueur .
combine both purees . combine raisins and crushed pineapple with
juice ; set aside .

place about 2/3 of bread cubes in crockpot ; sprinkle 1/2 tsp grated
lemon peel and spread 1 c raisin mixture over bread in slow-cooker .
top with remaining bread cubes ; then with remaining lemon peel and
raisin-pineapple mixture . pour pureed ingredients into slow-cooker .
cover and cook on low 6 hours .

spoon pudding into dessert dishes and serve hot . garnish with mint .
if you prefer to serve this dessert cold , spoon into serving dish ,
cover and refrigerate ; then eat later .

source : _crockery favorites_ posted on genie by d.morrissey [ dee ] ,
jun 22 , 1992 mm by sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $
71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator , net/node 004/005

yield : 8 servings




oatmeal honey bread

breads

2 cup oatmeal , uncooked ( e.g. , quaker 's o ; ld fashioned oatmeal )
2/3 cup honey
2 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon butter ( or margarine )
1 cup water , boiling
2 pkg yeast ( dry ) , active
1 cup water , lukewarm
2/3 cup milk
5 cup flour , unbleached ( up to 6 c ; may substitute up to 2 c
1 oil

put the oatmeal , honey , salt and butter in a large mixing bowl . add
boiling water and mix together . let stand for 45 minutes , stirring
occasionally .

following the yeast package directions , add the yeast to lukewarm water ,
and let it soften for about 5 minutes . add the yeast mixture to the oats
and honey mixture . mix in the milk and stir well .

stir in the flour , 1/2 cup at a time . when the dough is too stiff to stir ,
pour it out onto a well-floured surface and knead it firmly , adding a
little flour if necessary . knead it until the dough is smooth and elastic
( about 6-8 minutes ) . form the dough into a ball . place the dough into a
large greased bowl , coating the entire ball of dough .

cover with a damp cloth and place in a warm , cozy , humid place . ( i put it
in a cool oven , with a small saucepan of hot tap water sitting on the
bottom of the oven . ) let rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until the dough has
doubled in bulk .

punch down the dough and split in half . spread the dough into two greased
loaf pans , coating the dough as before , and cover with a damp cloth , and
let rise for about an hour in a warm , cozy , humid place .

bake at 350 f for 35-40 minutes , or until loaves sound hollow when tapped .
cool on a bread rack for about ten minutes .

notes :

* a yeast bread for people who like oatmeal . yield : makes 2 loaves .

* kneading is difficult to describe in words , but many cookbooks have
pictures . the idea is to exercise the dough and work some more flour into
it . bread freezes very well ; give it an hour or so to thaw , then heat it up
at 350 degrees f. for about ten minutes .

* instant and quick-cooking oatmeal is not satisfactory in this recipe .
besides the ubiquitous quaker oats , you can use any commercial rolled oats
or steel-cut oats . if you use the steel-cut oats , then soak for 1 hour in
step 1 .

: difficulty : easy if you already know how to knead dough , moderate
otherwise .
: time : 30 minutes preparation , 4 1/2 hours waiting time .
: precision : all amounts ( including times ) are approximate .

: harry s. delugach
: university of virginia , dept . of computer science , charlottesville , va
: cbosgd ! uvacs ! hsd or decvax ! mcnc ! ncsu ! uvacs ! hsd

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




raisin-cinnamon doughnut

breads , desserts , breakfast

2 cup flour , sifted
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/3 cup shortening
3/4 cup milk
2/3 cup raisins , chopped
1/2 cup butter , melted
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon

sift togther all dry ingredients . cut in shortening with pastry
cutter or two knives . mixture should look like small bowls . stir in
milk and raisins . turn onto lightly floured board . roll out to 1/2
cut into rounds with floured doughnut cutter . arrange doughnuts on
cookie sheets . brush with melted butter . bake 12 minutes in a 425f
oven . brush again with melted butter . combine 1/4 c sugar and 2 t
cinnamon to make cinnamon sugar . makes 1 dozen .

yield : 1 servings




pancake & waffle mix

breads

1 cup rye flour
1 cup whole-wheat flour
2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup yellow cornmeal
1/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon baking posder
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder

sift the flours , corn meal , sugar , baking powder , salt and soda into a
bowl , using a wide-meshed sieve . with lge . whisk , mix them very
thoroughly for at least 30 seconds .

measure mix into 3 plastic bags or other containers , putting 1 3/4
cups into each . if any mix is left , divide equally . close containers
and store at room temperature .

yield : 3 servings




hardee 's raisin biscuits

breads

2 1/2 cup bisquick
2 sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
2/3 cup milk
2/3 cup powdered sugar
1 water
1/4 vanilla
1/2 cup raisins

recipe by : vicki phillips ( kountry cook ) blend bisquick , sugar and
raisins . add milk and stir . add cinnamon and roll out to 1/2 inch
thickness and cut with a biscuit cutter . bake on a lightly greased
pan for 15 minutes at 350 degrees . blend rest of ingredients
together and spread over the biscuits while hot . posted to mc-recipe
digest v1 # 2

from : kountry @ nmol.com

date : sun , 8 dec 1996 15:01:44 -0500

yield : 1 servings




scallion pancakes

breads , chinese

1 cup flour
1/3 cup water , boiling hot
2 tablespoon scallion greens , minced
2 teaspoon lard or crisco
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon oil

mix flour and water . add a little more flour or a little cold water if
dough is not the right consistency . knead until smooth . let rest 15
min . roll dough into a cylinder and divide into 6 pieces .

flatten each piece into a 4 '' circle . brush with softened fat and
sprinkle with salt and scallions . roll each pancake into a long thin
spiral and flatten it . fold this spiral into a square and flatten
again . roll into a short fat spiral and flatten this to a 4 '' circle .

heat 3 t oil and fry each piece until golden ( flip once to cook both
sides ) . add a teaspoon of oil or so between pancakes if the oil is too
depleted .

adapted from wei-chuan , chinese snacks , to the way i do it ; but i do
less flattening and rolling .

michael loo

yield : 6 servings




oatcakes

breads

3 1/2 cup oats ; quick salt
2 tablespoon flour
1/2 cup shortening water , approx .

combine the oats , salt and flour . cut in the shortening and add enough
water to dampen and form a ball . ( a food processor does the work in a
jiffy ) . leave to swell for ten minutes . divide the doght and roll
eacxh part to 1/8 '' thickness ; slide onto ungreased cookie sheet ,
indent in squares with a pastry wheel or knife . bake in 350f for
about 1/2 hour but watch that they do n't turn brown .

sweet oatcake : add 1 cup sugar to recipe .

anne 's note : that recipe is labelled `` bannock '' in the title in
cookbook but it far more a nonsweet oatcake in the tradition of
walker 's oatcakes ( it appears as `` oatcakes '' in the book 's index .

source : _more baking with schmecks appeal_ )

yield : 1 servings




black bread

breads

1 envelope dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup warm water ( 105 - 115 f )
1/2 oz unsweetened chocolate
1 tablespoon margarine
1 1/4 cup water
1/4 cup dark molasses
2 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup all-bran cereal
2 to 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup rye flour

makes 2 loaves

sprinkle yeast and sugar over 1/4 cup water ; stir to dissolve . let
stand until foamy , about 10 minutes .

melt chocolate and margarine with 1 1/4 cups water in large bowl set
over gently simmering water . stir until smooth . remove from over
water . blend in molasses , vinegar and salt . mix in cereal . let cool .

grease large bowl . blend yeast into cereal mixture . gradually stir
in 2 cups all-purpose flour and rye flour . turn dough out onto
lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic , about 10
minutes , kneading in up to 3/4 cup more all-purpose flour if
necessary to form workable dough . add dough to prepared bowl , turning
to coat entire surface . cover and let rise in warm draft-free area
until doubled in volume , about 2 hours .

grease two 3x2x7-inch loaf pans . punch dough down . turn out onto
lightly floured surface and let rest 3 minutes . knead 3 minutes .
divide dough in half . roll each into 7x8-inch rectangle . starting
with long side , roll dough up into cylinder . tuck ends under and
pinch seam to seal . place seam side down in prepared pans . cover and
let rise in warm draft-free area until doubled , about 1 1/2 hours .

preheat oven to 375 f. bake until loaves sound hollow when tapped on
bottom , about 45 minutes . remove bread from pans . let cool
completely on rack before serving .

bon appetit

yield : 2 servings




bahama bread

breads , fruits

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1/3 cup milk
1 teaspoon lemon juice or
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup chopped nuts ; optional .

2-3 ea very ripe bananas ; mashed preheat oven to 350 combine
flour , baking soda , and salt in a bowl cream the butter in a mixing
bowl gradually add the sugar and mix to well blended add the eggs and
the banana mix untill well blended . combine the milk and lemon juice
in a large bowl . alternately mix the flour mixture into the banana
mixture . add a little at a time , beginning and ending with the dry
ingredients . blend well after each addition . add nuts . turn the
batter into a heavily buttered 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pan . bake for one
hour or until bread is golden and springs back when touched . cool in
pan for ten minutes . take bread out of pan and cool completely .

yield : 8 servings




rich sourdough bread

breads

1 cup milk ; +1 egg = 1 1/8 c
4 tablespoon sour dough starter *
3 cup flour ( i use bread flour )
3 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon butter
1 pkg yeast

the recipe calls for 4 tablespoons sour dough starter , i have always
used at least 1/2 cup and sometimes as much as one cup . anything over
1/2 cup , you will need to cut the milk and flour or it will rise way
out of the pan . sour dough starter ( hitachi 's recipes ) 1 . 2 cups warm
water or warm potato water and 2 cups flour . 2 . 2 cups warm milk and
2 cups flour . flour . 3.1 pk yeast 2 cups warm water or milk and 2
cups flour i use # 3 . put flour in crock , plasticware or jar in a warm
( not hot ) place . add water , milk or potato water . let set for about
4 or 5 days until bubbly , then use in recipes . this is not my recipe
found it in a file do n't know who did it .

yield : 1 servings




bacon bread

breads , cheese/eggs

7 1/2 cup flour ( all purpose )
2 pkg yeast
20 single slices crisp fried bacon
2 1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon bacon grease

combine 2c flour with yeast and mix well heat milk , sugar , grease and
salt till warm ( 115-120 deg ) add to dry mix beat at low speed 2 min .
add 1c flour and beat at medium speed for 3 min . by hand add broken
bacon pieces and flour ( 1c at a time ) to form moderately stiff
dough . let rise till doubled in bulk . split into two parts and place
in bread pans . bake at 375 deg f. for 30 min . remove from pans and
brush with melted butter . makes 2 loaves ; 18 servings ( 1 slice ) per
loaf . note : per serving , cal . 121 ; fat 2.4g . ; sodium 200mg

yield : 36 servings




cherry blossom muffins

breads , fruits , diabetic

1/4 cup egg substitute
2/3 cup orange juice
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon oil
2 cup low-fat buttermilk baking mix
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1/2 cup sugar-free cherry fruit spread

in a bowl , combine egg substitute , orange juice , sugar and oil . add
baking mix ; stir for 30 seconds . fold in pecans . coat muffin cups
with nonstick spray or use paper liners ; fill cups one-third full .
top each with 2 teaspoons fruit spread ; cover with remaining batter .
bake at 400 for 20-25 minutes or until muffins test done . cool in
pan 10 minutes before removing to wire rack . yield : 9 muffins .
diabetic exchange : one muffin equals 2 starch , 2 fat . also , 241
calories , 330 mg sodium , trace cholesterol , 36 gm carbohydrate , 4 gm
protein , 10 gm fat .

typed by roberta thompson source : country woman magazine may/june 1995

yield : 9 muffins




hot parmesan puffs

appetizers , breads , cheese/eggs

1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 oz cream cheese ; room temp
1 bread ; loaf ; thin sliced
1 cup mayonnaise
1 parmesan cheese ; grated
1 1/2 teaspoon onion ; grated
1 paprika
1/3 cup parmesan cheese ; grated
300 mix cream cheese ; mayonnaise
1 pkg mesan ; and cayenne . cut
2 rounds with a cookie cutter
1 ass . bake on a cookie

sheet for 5 minutes , until hardened . spread the cheese mixture
generously on one side of each bread round . sprinkle with grated
parmesan and dash of paprika . broil until puffy and golden on top ,
about 5 to 7 minutes . serve hot . `` at home in the country '' mary
emmerling

yield : 30 servings




honey party buns

breads , sandwich

1 cup butter or margarine ; cut into pieces
1/2 cup honey
2 cup boiling water
2 pkg dry yeast ( 1/4 oz each )
1/3 cup warm water ( 110-115 degrees )
2 eggs ; beaten
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
4 cup all-purpose flour ( up to 4-1/2 cups ; if needed )
1 sliced ham , cheese and lettuce , opt ; .

place butter and honey in large mixing bowl ; pour the boiling water
over and set aside to cool to 110-115 degrees . in a small bowl ,
dissolve yeast in warm water ; set aside . to honey mixture , add eggs ,
baking powder and salt . add yeast mixture and whole wheat flour ;
beat until smooth . stir in enough all-purpose flour to form a soft
dough . turn onto a floured board ; knead until smooth and elastic ,
about 8-10 minutes . place in a greased bowl , turning once to grease
top . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled , about 1 hour .
punch dough down ; divide in half . on a lightly floured surface , roll
each half to 1/2 inch thickness ; cut with a 2-1/2 inch cutter . place
on greased baking sheets . cover and let rise in a warm place until
doubled , about 1 hour . bake at 350 degrees for 15-20 minutes or
until golden brown . remove from pans to cool on wire racks . make into
small sandwiches , if desired , by filling with ham , cheese and
lettuce , or serve plain . yield : 4-5 dozen . ( i would think you could
fill them with anything you liked , ham salad , chicken salad ,
whatever ! )

from '95 feb/mar taste of home magazine

formatted for mm by pegg seevers 2/7/95

yield : 4 dozen




hazelnut pumpkin bread

breads

3 cup sugar
1 cup cooking oil
4 eggs
2 cup pumpkin
1 cup water
4 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup chopped oregon hazelnuts
2 teaspoon soda
1 cup raisins or chopped dates
1 teaspoon cloves
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon allspice
1 teaspoon nutmeg

blend sugar and oil ; add eggs and pumpkin . sift flour , baking powder ,
soda , salt and spices together . add to first mixture , alternating
with the water . add raisins or dates , then the hazelnuts . divide
batter into three large greased loaf pans . bake at 350 for 1 hour .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 3 loaves




basic muffins & biscuits

breads

-- -- basic biscuit baking mix -- --
9 cup flour ; sifted
1/3 cup baking powder ; double acting
1 cup nonfat dry milk plus
2 tablespoon nonfat dry milk
4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup vegetable shortening

stir baking powder , dry milk and salt into the sifted flour . sift all
dry ingredients together until well mixed . cut or mix fat into flour
mixture utnil all particles are thouroughly coated and mixture
esembels coarse cornmeal . sotre mix in a jar or can with a tight lid .
it can be measured into 2 cup amounts and put in plastic bags or
jarsd where it will be ready for use . it may be stored at room
temperature for 6 weeks . vary the liquids : dry milk solids are
already in the mix so more milk is not need . you can use fruit juice ,
water or meat broth for the liquid called for in a recipe .

the recipes in this pick-a-pocket book were written for commercial
packaged baking mix which has no milk so it is the liquid called for
in recipes . this mix is a perfect substitte . just use water where it
calls for milk . ( written out of my cookbook )

basic biscuits : 2 cups mix , 1/2 cup water . add water to mix and stir
20-25 times . turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 10-15
times . roll to 1/2 '' thickness and cut with a knife to pockets shapes
or use biscuit cutter to make circles . place in preheated sm and bake
5 minutes or until golden brown .

sausage biscuits : 2 1/4 cups packaged biscuit baking mix ( milk ) , 8
links sausages cooked .

prepare biscuits according to package directions for rolled biscuits .
knead dough , roll out on floured surface and cut 8 circles with a
biscuit cutter . lay one sausage in center of each and wrap dough
around , pinching to seal . sausages will stick out the ends . bake 5
minutes or until golden brown .

jelly biscuits : flatten unbaked biscuits with heel of your hand .
place 1/2 teaspoon jelly or preserves in center . fold over and pinch
edges together to seal . bake 5 minutes or till golden .

pimento cheese bread : 2 cups packaged biscuit baking mix , 1 egg ,
beaten ; 1/2 cup grated cheddar ; 2/3 cup milk ; 2 tablespoon drained
dice pimento ( optional ) mix all ingredients together until soft dough
forms . spoon into pockets . bake 10 minutes or until golden .

yield : 6 servings




grissini al pignoli ( pine nut sticks )

breads , fruits , herbs , italian

1 pkg active dry yeast
2/3 cup ; warm water ( abt . 110 f . )
1/2 teaspoon anise seeds ; crushed
2 tablespoon salad oil
2 tablespoon olive oil
1/4 teaspoon grated lemon peel
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour ( approx . )
2/3 cup pine nuts
1 egg ; lightly beaten
2 tablespoon coarse salt

in a large bowl , sprinkle yeast over warm water ; let stand for about 5
minutes to soften . stir in anise seeds , salad and olive oils , lemon
peel , salt , sugar and 1 cup of flour . beat until smooth . add pine
nuts and enough of the remaining flour to make a stiff dough .

turn out onto a floured board and knead until smooth and elastic
( about 5 minutes ) , using additional flour as needed . place dough in a
greased bowl ; turn dough to grease top . cover with plastic wrap and
let rise in a warm place until doubled ( about 1 hour ) .

punch dough down and divide in half . cut each half into 20 equal-size
pieces . using palms of hands , roll each piece into a 7 '' length . place
parallel and about 1/2 '' apart on greased baking sheets . cover and let
rise until puffy ( about 30 minutes ) . brush with egg and sprinkle
lightly with salt .

bake at 325 f. for 35 to 40 minutes or until lightly browned . serve
hot or cool on wire racks . store airtight at room temperature for 3
to 4 days ; freeze for longer storage .

from _sunset italian cookbook_ by the editors of sunset books and
sunset magazine . menlo park , ca : lane publishing company , 1981 . pp .
89-90 . isbn 0-376-02465-8 .

yield : 40 bread stix




ha'penny friendship bread-pg . 3

breads , entertain , medieval

1 decoration directions

to decorate : make small 1/2 '' slit in top crust of each loaf ; insert
shinny copper penny . tie loaves with ribbon and decorate with small
sheaf of wheat or other grain , dried flowers , silk flours or dried
berries . attach friendship note which will follow on last note .

to preserve bread : allow loaves to dry in cook dry place for several
days until very hard . spray or brush clear , glossy polyurethane or
spray clear , glossy resin around loaf . let dry ; repeat with second
coat . when dry , decorate as desired .

tip : loaves may be brushed with mixture of 1 egg white and 1 tbsp .
water before baking . if desired , sprinkle with sesame or poppy seed .

for crusty topped loaves , set small pan of water in oven while bread
is baking . history and friendship poem to follow in next note .
marilyn sultar

yield : 2 servings




sourdough raisin starter from katherine smith

breads

1/2 cup organic raisins
1 cup warm water ; 110-115f
1 cup organic unbleached white flour

put raisins in water . let stand in a warm ( 90f ) place until bubbles
form . remove raisins . mix together flour and water . place in a clean
jar , cover with plastic wrap , and leave in a warm place 2-4 days ,
stirring each day , or until it becomes light and frothy . this means
fermentation is under way . refrigerate .

source : san francisco chronicle typed by katherine smith

yield : 1 cup




mr. food 's irish soda bread

breads , grains

4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) butter , melted ,
1 tablespoon butter , melted for brushing top of ; bread
2/3 cup sugar
1 cup raisins
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs beaten
2 cup milk

preheat the oven to 350 f. in a large bowl ,
combine all the ingredients except the 1 tablespoon butter ; mix just
until moistened . place in a greased 9-inch round baking pan and bake
for 1 hour or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean .
after

yield : 6 servings




carnival fritters ( castagnole )

breads , desserts , ethnic

1 cup hot water
8 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup all-purpose flour , sifted
4 eggs
1 teaspoon freshly grated orange rind
1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon rind
4 cup peanut oil
1 confectioners sugar

combine the water , butter , sugar , and salt in a small sauce pan and
bring to a boil . when butter is melted , add flour . stir vigorously
with a whisk until the mixture leaves the sides of the pan , a matter
of seconds . remove from heat and cool slightly .

add the eggs , one at a time , beating vigorously with a spoon after
each addition . add the grated orange and lemon rinds . mix thoroughly
until smooth .

in a deep skillet , heat the peanut oil to 300 f ( the temperature is
important because if the oil is too hot , the fritters will cook too
fast on the outside and not puff up . )

drop the batter by the tablespoonful into the hot oil , no more than 4
or 5 at a time . when the fritters are browned and puffed , remove them
with a slotted spoon , drain on paper towels , and sprinkle with
confectioners sugar .

from the book festa by helen barolini .

recipe by :

yield : 18 servings




poffertges -- doughnuts from holland

breads , brunch

1 cup flour ; sifted
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup butter
1 cup milk ; scalded
3 eggs ; unbeaten

add the butter to the milk and stir until it melts in a saucepan .
add the flour and salt and beat until smooth . cook , stirring
constantly , until the dough leaves the sides of the pan ; remove from
the stove and blend in the sugar and eggs . shape into small balls
and fry in deep fat until dark brown .

note . this is similar to a cream puff recipe except they are
baked .

yield : 1 servings




mapled apple crisp

breads

48 tart sweet baking apples peeled cut ; into 1/2 wedges
1/4 cup maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/3 cup coarsely chopped walnuts
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup dark brown sugar , packed
1/4 cup unsalted butter or margarine , cut i ; nto bits
3 tablespoon wheat germ
1/2 cup rolled oats

preheat over 375 . gease 9 x 13 baking dish , toss apples , syrup , 1/4 t
cinnamon in baking dish , sprinkle walnuts over ; apples , set aside . in
med bowl combine flour , brown sugar , remaining 1/4 t cinnamon and
butter . pinch and rub between fingers till blen

yield : 12 servings




rhubarb-maple toasted bread pudding

breads , desserts

4 slice good white bread
3/4 cup milk
3 tablespoon butter
2 eggs
1/4 cup maple syrup
1/4 cup + 1 t sugar
1 pinch salt
1 cup rhubarb , chopped

whipped cream flavored with maple syrup

remove the crust from the bread and toast the slices . tear into small
cubes and place in a bowl . heat the milk with 2 tablespoons of the
butter and pour over the bread cubes . use the remaining butter to
coat a 1-quart casserole . after the toast has soaked for 1- minutes ,
beat together the eggs , maple syrup , 1/4 cup sugar , and salt , then
stir in the rhubarb and combine with the bread mixture . pour into
buttered casserole , sprinkle remaining sugar on top and bake for 40
minutes in a preheated 325 f oven . serve warm with maple-flavored
whipped cream . serves 4 .

source : [ the l. l. bean book of new new england cookery ]

yield : 4 servings




vienna christmas stollen

breads

1 1/2 cup milk ; scald/cool to lukewarm
3 1/2 yeast ; dry/envelopes
3/4 cup water ; lukewarm
3 cup flour ; sifted
1/2 cup eggs ; yolks/lightly beaten
3/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup flour
1/2 cup butter ; softened
1 flour ; 10-11 c. as needed
5 cup sultanas ; ( currants )
1 1/2 cup almonds ; chopped or slivered
1 cup citron ; chopped
1/2 lemon ; rind only/grated
2 teaspoon rum

milk should be cooled to about 100 degrees . dissolve the yeast in the
lukewarm water and add 1/4 c. of the cooled milk and 3 c. sifted
flour . cover the sponge with a cloth and let it ripen until bubbles
appear on the surface and it is about to drop in the center . pour the
remaining milk over the sponge . add the egg yolks , sugar and salt and
beat until the ingredients are well blended . add 1 cup flour and beat
well . blend in the butter . add more flour gradually to make a smooth
dough , or until 10 to 11 cups have been added . some flours absorb
more liquid than others . knead in the sultanas , almonds , and citron ,
along with the lemon rind which should be mixed with the rum . knead
the dough until the fruits and nuts are dispersed well through it and
it is smooth . dust the top lightly with flour and let it rise in a
warm place about 45 minutes . punch it down and let stand for 20
minutes . divide the dough in half and knead the pieces until smooth .
let them stand for 10 minutes longer . place one ball of dough on a
lightly floured board , and with a rolling pin , press down the center
of the ball , and roll the pin to and fro 4 to 5 times , pressing all
the time to make an elliptical shape 6 inches long and 3 1/2 '' wide .
the center rolled part should be 1/8 '' thick and 4 inches long . both
ends should remain untouched , resembling rather thick lips . place
this rolled out piece of dough on a buttered baking sheet and brush
the center part with melted butter . fold one lip toward the other and
on the top of it . press the fingertips down near and below the lips ,
pulling somewhat apart . give a pull away from each end , pointing them
toward the lips . the shape should resemble a waning moon . repeat the
process with the second piece of dough . ( unless you have gone
completely crazy by now ! note : my comment , not gourmet 's ) . let the
stollen rise , covered in a warm place until they double in bulk ,
about 1 1/2 hours . bake them in a moderately hot oven ( 375 degrees )
for 35 to 40 minutes . do not overbake them . cool them on racks . brush
them with butter and cover with vanilla sugar . recipe will be posted
under r-mm vanilla sugar . source : gourmet , old vienna cookbook
gourmet books , inc. , 1959 barbara day
: : : gwhp32a

yield : 2 servings




unyeasted carob date bread

breads , low fat

5 cup whole wheat flour
2 cup brown rice flour , lightly
1 roasted { i did n't have any
1 in the house , so i
1 substituted kamut flour }
1 cup buckwheat flour
1/2 cup carob poweder
1 cup chopped dates
1 teaspoon salt
4 cup warm water

dissolve carob powder in some of the water . mix dry ingredients . mix
chopped dates into dry ingredients . add dissolved carob and remaining
water until dough is formed . knead dough thoroughly ( 300 times ) on
floured board . shape into loaf/loaves . slit tops . cover tops with
water or oil . place damp towel overtop . let stand over night . bake
at 350 degrees ( f ) for 1 3/4 hours .

( one large loaf or two small ones )

( the recipe is from the tassajara breadbook , a tribute to bread and
baking . )

from : sevans @ awinc.com converted to mm by donna webster
donna @ webster.demon.co.uk submitted by donna webster
< donna @ webster.demon.co.uk > on mon , 20 nov 1995 115453 gmt

yield : 1 servings




two day burger buns

breads

2 cup sugar
2 pkg ( 2 tbsp ) yeast
1 cup oil
4 cup water
2 teaspoon salt
13 cup flour
1 p.m. - mix , knead and set to raise .
6 p.m. - punch down .
9 p.m. - knead and then shape 1/2 cup ; -size balls of dough and

arrange on cookie sheet-size pieces of foil . set to raise in warm
place overnight . in the morning , begin baking them - 15 minutes at
400 f .

makes 36 - 40 buns .

yield : 36 servings




corn biscuits

desserts , quick bread

1/2 cup butter , softened -- at room
1 temperature
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup yellow cornmeal
2 eggs at room temperature
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( approx )

preheat oven to 375 degrees fahrenheit . stir the butter into a soft
mass ; slowly add sugar , blending together well . add cornmeal , eggs ,
and salt . beat until the mixture is smooth ; add 1-1/4 c. flour ( the
mixture will be soft and moist ) . roll the dough out to 1/4 ''
thickness ; if the dough is too sticky to roll , add 1/4 c. flour and
blend into the top of the dough with your hands ( i find it 's also
easier if you roll out on a lightly floured board ) . cut out 4 dozen
1-1/2 '' rounds with a cookie cutter ( i 've also used squares , etc . --
whatever cutters i had handy at the time ) . place close together on a
lightly greased baking sheet , but do n't let them touch . bake on
center shelf for about 22 minutes or until biscuits are just starting
to turn slightly brown around the edges . near the end of this baking
period turn the baking sheet around for even cooking . if the biscuits
near the outer edges of the sheet are browning too fast then just
remove them if they 're done or rearrange the biscuits on the sheet so
the brown-er ones get moved to the center . remove biscuits from the
oven and cool on a rack . these are wonderful served warm ; they freeze
very well and can be warmed up when ready to serve .

if not freezing them , keep at room temperature in an airtight
container . kept this way the biscuits will last up to 10-14 days .

these biscuits are terrific served with coffee or tea , or with a dish
of fresh fruit . they are slightly sweet with a wonderful , grainy
texture due to the cornmeal in the recipe . they 're quite addictive .

( makes 4 dozen , but they do n't last long ! )

recipe by :

yield : 4 servings




fougasse aux grattons ( flat bread with crackl

breads , meats

1 each pkg active dry yeast
1 lb flour*
250 ml tepid water
1 each egg yolk , beaten
1 lb belly of pork , diced
2 lb pork fat , diced
12 tablespoon dry white wine

*flour should be a mixture of unbleached white bread flour with 2
generous handfuls of buckwheat flour , sifted together . if you ca n't
find the buckwheat flour , do n't worry about it .

for the dough : stir together the yeast and a handful of flour in
enough water to make a runny batter . leave for 1 hour . warm the
remaining flour in the oven , mix in salt and make a well in the
middle . pour in the yeast mixture and add enough tepid water to make
a moist dough . knead for 10-12 minutes on a lightly floured surface .
leave to rise in a large floured bowl covered with a dampened cloth .
when the dough has doubled in size , turn out onto a floured work
surface , punch down and flatten the dough out . add the grattons ( see
immediately below for how to make them ) . preheat the oven to
450f/250c .

for the grattons : cook the meat , fat and wine over a *very* gentle
heat in a heavy covered saucepan . press down on the meat several
times during cooking to render up as much fat as possible . after 1
1/2 - 2 hours , pour the liquid off through a strainer . ( it can be
used instead of olive oil for cooking , and often was , in provencal
cooking . ) crisp the diced meat over higher heat , straining off any
liquid fat when necessary .

to make the fougasse , make the bread dough , and after the first
rising mix in the grattons . then , with a knife , cut through the dough
first one way , then another . reform into a ball and repeat . gather
the pieces together into a mass , divine in two and form into two flat
loaves , slashed straight through their thickness in numerous places .
spread the holes wider with your fingers . ( you are striving for an
effect like a flat sheet of bread with holes like those of a slice of
swiss cheese . ) brush the top with the egg yolk and bake on a hot
metal sheet for 30-35 minutes until crisp and golden . serve warm with
a bitter salad like endive or dandelion .

nb : this is a very rich bread -- more like a salty shortbread than
anything else . but *very* good .

yield : 8 servings




irish yogurt bread

breads

4 cup flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup currants
2 tablespoon caraway seed
2 eggs
1 cup plain low fat yogurt ; mixed

stir the dry ingredients together . add the currants and caraway
seeds ; add eggs . add yogurt and water mixture and stir until a sticky
batter is formed . knead on a well floured surface for 1 minute then
shape into a ball and place in a well greased round casserole . mark
a cross in the center with a sharp knife and bake in 350 oven for 1
hour and 15 minutes before removing bread from casserole , then allow
to cool on a wire rack . slice thinly to serve . freezes well and is
best the day after baking

yield : 1 servings




cornmeal biscuit bowls

breads

2 1/4 cup flour
1 1/4 cup cornmeal
4 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon paprika
3/4 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup cold butter , cut in pieces
1 1/4 cup milk
1 egg , lightly beaten

these biscuit bowls can be stored at room temperature in an airtight
container for up to 2 days . fill them with chunky chili .

cornmeal

cover bottoms and sides of six 1 cup ovenproof bowls or souffle dishes
smoothly with foil . generously grease foil . place bowls upside down on
lighly greased baking sheet . in large bowl , mix together
flour , cornmeal , baking powder , paprika and salt . using pastry blender
or 2 knives , cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . add
milk all at once . stir with fork to form soft dough . turn out onto
lightly floured surface and knead gently 10 times . divide dough
equally into 6 pieces and shape into balls ; roll out each ball into 8
inch circle . lay circle of dough over prepared bowl . mould to bowl
shape . turn upright and flut edges . place pastry covered bowls upside
down on baking sheet . brush with egg and sprinkle with cornmeal .
bake in 425 f oven for 25-30 minutes or until golden and crisp . let
cool on rack until firm , about 20 minutes . turn bowls over and loosen
edges . holding loose ends of foil , lift bowl away from biscuit . let
cool completely . reheat , if desired , before filling with chili .
makes 6 biscuit bowls .

origin : canadian living , november 1989 . shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 6 servings




indian fry bread # 1

breads

2 cup flour
1/3 cup powdered milk
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon lard or shortening
3/4 cup warm water
1 oil for frying

contributed to the echo by : tia darrow originally from : `` simply
simpatico '' put out by the junior league of albuquerque indian fry
bread mix dry ingredients . cut in 1 tblsp . lard ( or shortening ) until
crumbly . add water and mix until a soft dough forms . knead until
dough is smooth and springy in texture . make into 12 balls . melt 1
tblsp . lard ( or shortening ) and brush on each ball of dough . set
aside for 30 ea 0-45 minutes . on a lightly floured surface roll ball
to 4 '' circle . then stretch to 7-8 '' in diameter . poke a hole in
center . fry in oil at 365 ea 65 degrees until lightly browned ,
turning once . serve with butter and honey ...

yield : 12 servings




zucchini apple bread

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 1/4 cup egg beaters 99 % egg substitute , tha ; wed ( 5 eggs )
2 cup white sugar
1 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
1 1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon vanilla
2 cup shredded zucchini
1 cup shredded apple
1 1/2 cup chopped nuts

combine the first six dry ingredients ; set aside . in a large bowl ,
combine the egg beaters , sugars , oil , and vanilla . beat at medium
speed with an electric mixer until well blended . by hand stir in the
zucchini , apples , and nuts . add the dry ingredients and stir just
until moistened . spoon the batter into three greased and floured 8
1/4 x 4 1/2 x 3-inch loaf pans . bake at 350 f. for 50-55 minutes or
until a pick inserted in the centers comes out clean . cool for 10
minutes . remove from pan and cool completely . wrap and store
overnight . makes 3 loaves ( 18 servings each ) .

per slice : 155 kcal 8.4g fat ( 1.1g sat fat ) 48 % cff 123mg na 0.6g
fiber ( 2.0g pro/ 8.4g fat/ 18.8g cho )

yield : 3 loaves




tyropita trifti thrakis ( thracian style chees

appetizers , breads , greek

1 karen mintzias
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup light olive oil
1/3 cup milk plus ; -- - >
2 tablespoon milk
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt less , if cheese is salty
1 cup grated greek cheeses
2 cup all-purpose flour ( or more )

delicious ! and simple to make in a large batch for appetizers . as
made in thrace , the soft-dough may be spread into a sheet and cut in
squares before baking , or each shaped individually into daintly
`` bastounakia '' ( little canes or sticks ) . the word `` trifti ''
identifies the texture - crisp and crumbly in the mouth . ( they are
also called `` kourou '' [ cut small ] . ) if making the individual `` little
canes , '' they should be half a ( dainty ) finger wide and a finger in
length . the secret of the crispness is in adding only enough flour to
make a soft dough .

to make about 100 1-inch squares :

the mixing of the dough may be begun with an electric mixer , but
should be finished by hand . beat the butter until fluffy , then lower
the speed and add the olive oil . continue beating , and when fluffy
beat in the milk , baking powder , salt , if necessary , and cheese .
begin adding flour , but after 1 cup stop beating with the mixer and
beat in the remaining flour by hand , adding only enough to make dough
soft enough to roll into strips . knead a few minutes . spread or roll
on buttered sheet ( jelly roll tray , cookie sheet , or any flat pan ) to
a thickness of half-finger 's width and cut into squares of desired
size ( the smaller the better , since they are rich ) . bake in a
moderate oven ( 350 degrees ) for 20 to 25 minutes , moving to the top
shelf for the last minutes to achieve a golden chestnut color . ( if
making the `` little canes , '' the baking time will be 10 to 12 minutes . )
remove when done and cook on a rack .

note : stored in covered tins , these will keep for several weeks .

source : the food of greece by vilma liacouras chantiles . avenel
books , new york .

typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 100 servings




nutty applesauce bread ( yields 1 loaf )

breads

1/3 cup crisco shortening
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg
1 cup canned applesause
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup finely chopped nuts

1 . heat oven to 350f . grease 9x5x3-inch loaf pan .

2 . cream crisco and sugar in large bowl at medium to high speed of
electric mixer . beat in egg . stir in appleasuce with spoon .

3 . combine flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , cinnamon and
nutmeg . stir into creamed mixture with spoon . fold in nuts . spoon
into pan .

4 . bake at 350f for 45 to 50 minutes or until golden brown . cool 10
minutes in pan on rack . loosen from sides and remove from pan . cool
completely on rack .

one loaf

typed for you by lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny 315-786-1120
source : crisco

yield : 1 servings




salt sticks

breads

1 cup skim milk
1 tablespoon lard or unsalted butter
1/2 cup water
2 teaspoon sugar + a pinch
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup warm ( 110 f. ) water
1 pkg dry yeast
1 cup rye flour
1 cup gluten flour
2 3/4 cup a/p flour , or as needed
-- -- glaze -- --
1 egg white beaten with :
1 tablespoon water
-- -- topping -- --
4 teaspoon caraway seeds
4 teaspoon coarse ( kosher ) salt

in sauce pan , heat together the skim milk , lard or butter , water ,
salt , and 2 tsp . sugar until fat melts . let cool to 110 f. in lge .
bowl of elec . mixer . meanwhile , combine warm water , pn . of sugar and
yeast and let work till foamy , abt . 10 min. , then add to skim milk
mixture .

mix in a bowl the gluten flour , rye flour and 2 3/4 c. a/p flour . add
2 cups of the mixed flours to yeast mixture and beat for 5 min . on
low spd . add remaining flour gradually , scraping the dough onto a
floured board and kneading when the dough becomes too stiff to beat .
knead until very smooth , using add'tl a/p flour as needed to make a
med . stiff dough .

form dough into ball and turn in buttered bowl . turn buttered side up ,
cover with plastic , and let rise till doubled in bulk , abt . 1 hr .
punch dough down , turn onto working surface , and divide into 4 pcs .
let pcs . rest , covered with towel for 5 min .

roll each pc . into 10 '' round . cut into 8 wedges , then roll each
tightly from the wide end to the point , stretching and elongating the
dough as you roll . place on parchment-covered or lightly greased
baking sheet ( 14 x 17 ) with point of each roll underneath , leaving
abt . 1 1/2 '' between salt sticks . continue till all dough is rolled .
you will fill 2 sheets .

let sticks rise , covered , to 3/4 proof . preheat oven to 400 f. when
proofed , brush with glaze and sprinkle with seeds and salt .

bake on upper and lower racks of oven for 5 min. , then swap sheets
and turn end for end so browning is even . bake 3 min . more , then
reduce heat to 250 f. and bake abt . 15 min . more untill all are even
golden brown with no white spots on sides . cool on racks . may be
frozen ; to freshen , bake in 350 f. oven for 10 min .

yield : 32 servings




sour cream chocolate chip coffee cake

breads , cakes , breakfast , snacks

-- -- for the topping -- --
1 tablespoon flour
1/2 cup brown sugar , packed
2 tablespoon butter , softened
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips
-- -- for the cake -- --
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cup mini chocolate chips
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter , softened
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 eggs
1 cup sour cream

for the topping : in a small bowl , combine the topping ingredients
( 1/2 cup of chocolate chips ) . mix well , set aside . for the cake :
combine flour , baking powder and soda and salt . in a large bowl ,
cream butter , sugar and vanilla . beat until creamy . add eggs , one at
a time , beating well after each addition . gradually mix in flour
mixture , alternately with sour cream . fold in remaining chocolate
chips . spread mixture in a greased 9 x 13 inch baking pan . sprinkle
topping mix over batter in pan . bake at 350 deg f for 45 - 50 minutes
or until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean . cool
completely in pan , then cut and serve . makes 24 serving . each serving
= 202 calories , 9 g fat , 3 g protein , 27.5 g carbs , 240 mg sodium .
percent of calories from fat = 40 %

yield : 24 servings




drop biscuits

breads , biscuits

2 3/4 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
6 tablespoon shortening
1 1/4 cup milk
1 teaspoon salt

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder and salt . cut in
shortening . add milk , stirring sufficiently to blend well . drop by
teaspoonfuls onto well-oiled baking sheet . bake in hot oven ( 450 f )
about 12 minutes . these biscuits may be split , buttered , and used
with various fruits as the basis for an emergency shortcake . 14
servings . the household searchlight - 1941

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




hot onion squares

breads

2 cup onion , very thinly sliced
7 tablespoon lard
1 cayenne pepper to taste
2 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup milk
1 large egg
3/4 cup sour cream

in a heavy skillet , cook the onion in 2 tbsp lard , over mod-low heat ,
stirring , until it is golden . stir in the cayenne and salt and
pepper to taste . reserve the mixture .

onto a sheet of wax paper , sift together the flour , baking powder , and
salt . sift the mixture again into a bowl . add the remaining lard , and
blend the mixture until it resembles fine meal . stir in the milk ,
stirring until the dough is combined well . turn out onto a floured
surface and knead it for 30 seconds . pat into a 9-inch square , press
it evenly into a greased 9-inch baking pan and top with the onion
mixture .

in a small bowl , whisk together the egg , sour cream , and salt and
pepper to taste . pour this over the onion mixture , using a spatula
to cover the onion mixture evenly .

bake in the middle of a preheated 450f oven for 20-25 minutes or
until it is cooked through . cut into squares and serve hot .

a 1943 gourmet mag . favorite

yield : 6 servings




cran-apple streusel bread

breads , fruits

1 lb loaf frozen bread dough , or 1 loaf ; homemade wt
1 can cinnamon apple pie filling ( 21 oz )
1 cup cranberries , fresh or frozen , whole
1 tablespoon orange juice
1 tablespoon grated orange peel ( zest ) colored par ; t only
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon apple pie spice
1 streusel topping
1/4 cup milk ( approx )
3/4 cup walnuts , chopped , divided use
1 glaze , optional
1/4 cup flour , all purpose
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoon brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1/4 cup butter , softened

this recipe is shaped like a wreath or individual loaves for gift
giving . cranberries , fresh fruit , nuts and spices combine bright
color and a refreshing flavor for a holiday favorite . a nutty
streusel topping and a sweet hint of glaze complete the picture .

preliminaries ; thaw frozen bread dough until pliable according to
package directions . fifteen minutes prior to baking , preheat oven to
350 degrees .

in a large bowl , mix apple pie filling with cranberries , orange juice ,
orange peel , lemon juice and apple pie spice . set aside . prepare
streusel topping ( recipe follows ) . cut loaf into 3 even pieces . on a
lightly floured work surface roll out each piece of dough into a 8 by
7 inch rectangle . cut the dough with kitchen shears to obtain the
correct measurement if needed . place on baking sheet .

make 2 inch long cuts at 1 inch intervals on both of the 7 inch sides
of dough rectangle . spread 1 cup of cran-apple mixture lengthwise
down center third of dough . top filling with 1/4 cup walnuts . fold
strips diagonally over filling , overlapping strips to give a braided
look . brush dough strips with a little milk and 1/4 cup streusel mix .
repeat with remaining 2 pieces of dough . let rise for 30 minutes in
warm place . bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes ,
covering with aluminum foil after 20 minutes to prevent
over-browning . remove bread from baking sheet to cool . bread may be
drizzled with glaze , if desired ( recipe follows )

glaze ; mix 1/4 cup powdered sugar with 1 tsp milk ; stir until blended .

streusel topping procedure ; in a medium bowl combine flour , sugars
and cinnamon ; stir until well mixed . cut in butter using a pastry
cutter until butter is the size of small peas . use as directed
above ... ..

yield : 6 servings




bob 's buffet biscuits

biscuits

40 oz biscuit mix ( e.g . 1 box of bisquick ; )
3/4 cup parmesan cheese , grated
1/3 cup green onions , chopped
2 eggs , slightly beaten
2 cup milk

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. in a big bowl mix the biscuit mix , onions ,
eggs , milk and about 1/2 cup of the cheese .

put the dough into a 9x13 inch baking pan and smooth it down . you will
have to flour your hand or spatula to do this . sprinkle the rest of the
cheese over the top and then use the spatula or knife to score the dough
into square biscuits . cut all the way to the pan .

bake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees f. for 40 to 45 minutes . when they
are done a wooden toothpick stuck into the dough will come out clean .

notes :

* some not-so-plain biscuits -- this recipe is from bob clover of
sausalito , california and was first published in _sunset_ magazine . yield :
24-30 biscuits .

* when you take them out of the oven , flip the pan upside down over a rack
to get the biscuits out , then flip the rack over to get everything back
right side up again .

* this is good if you are having a lot of company or want a lot of
leftovers .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : 20 minutes preparation , 45 minutes cooking
: precision : approximate measurement ok .

: pat caudill
: tektronix , inc. , portland , oregon , usa
: patc @ tekcrl.tek.com tektronix ! tekcrl.tek.com ! patc

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 dozen




pumpernickel bread

breads

2/3 oz compressed yeast ; -=or=- envelope dry yeast
1 pint water
1 oz bread crumbs
2 oz wheat germ
10 oz whole wheat flour
1 lb bread flour
1/2 oz salt
1 oz caramel =or=- bitter chocolate =or= ; - cocoa mixed w/ water
1/2 pint rye starter
-- -- rye starter -- --
1 pint water
1 lb rye flour
3 oz all-purpose flour

disperse yeast in warm water . combine bread crumbs , wheat germ and
flours and form a well . add salt , caramel and yeast mixture along
with starter . form dough , adding more bread flour if necessary to
give a moderately firm texture . knead for 8-to-10 minutes until
smooth and elastic , and place in a lightly oiled bowl . cover and let
rise until doubled . deflate the dough , divide into 4 pieces and form
into oval shapes . cover with buttered plastic wrap and allow to
double , about 45 minutes . preheat oven to 425f . slash tops of loaves
with a razor blade and bake for 30-to-45 minutes . makes 4 loaves for
the rye starter : mix water and rye flour and let sit all day . in the
evening , add
3 ounces all-purpose flour .

yield : 4 servings




bran cereal muffins

breads

1 cup whole bran cereal
1 cup milk
1 egg
1/4 cup oil
1/4 cup honey
1 1/4 cup whole wheat flour ; unsifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 400 f ( hot ) .

grease muffin tins .

stir bran cereal and milk together in a bowl . let stand a minute or
two . add egg , oil , and honey . beat well . stir remaining ingredients
together until well mixed . add to liquid mixture and stir only until
mixed . put into muffin tins .

bake about 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned .

calories per muffin : about 135

source : food -- by u.s. department of agriculture typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




quick apple coffee cake

breads , cakes , fruits , microwave

3/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine at room tempera ; ture
1 egg
1/2 cup milk
1 1/2 cup flour , sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup uncooked apple slices
1 teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoon sugar

1 . in a large mixing bowl , blend together sugar , butter and egg . beat
until thoroughly blended . 2 . sift flour , baking powder and salt
together . 3 . stir milk into sugar-butter-egg mixture . 4 . add dry
ingredients to milk mixture and stir until thoroughly blended . 5 .
spread batter into an 8-inch square , heat resistant , non- metallic
baking dish . 6 . arrange apple slices in a design on top , pressing
them slightly into the batter . 7 . combine cinnamon and sugar in a
small bowl and sprinkle on top of apple slices . 8 . heat , covered with
clear plastic wrap , 5 minutes in microwave oven . uncover and heat an
additional 4 minutes or until apples are tender and a toothpick
inserted in center comes out clean . 9 . allow to stand
10 minutes before serving .

yield : 8 servings




maida parottas

breads

1 cup maida ( plain flour )
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 salt and water as needed
4 tablespoon ghee or oil

sieve the maida with the baking powder . add a tablespoon of ghee and
rub well till mixed . add salt and enough water ( about 3/4 cup ) and
knead well to make a soft dough . divide into eight equal sized balls .
roll out each into thin chappathies and smear some ghee all over .
sponge roll each from one end to the other ( similar to rolling a
poster into a tube shape ) . roll it out again into a flat round shape .
set aside for 30 minutes . lightly roll it up again into thick
chappathies . heat the griddle stone over a low fire , put the parotta
on it . turn it and smear it with some ghee and fry both sides till
golden brown .

yield : 1 servings




island of sifnos honey bread

breads , greek

2 1/2 lb ricotta cheese , unsalted or- unsalt ; ed mizithra
2 tablespoon butter
1 pinch salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
10 eggs
3 cup honey ( try sifnos honey )
1 cup sugar
4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 cup flour

mix the flour with necessary warm water to make dough like bread . add
the butter , salt , and baking powder . knead and put aside .

place in a bowl the ricotta cheese and the sugar and mix by hand . add
the honey and a handful of flour . break and add the eggs and half the
cinnamon , and mix well .

butter a pan and with a rolling pin roll out the dough to the size of
round pan letting the dough over the edges . spread the mixture over
the dough and bake in 350 degree preheated oven for about 30 minutes .
when ready sprinkle the rest of the cinnamon . plan the amount of
dough so the whole bread will be about 2 inches in height . cut in
diamond sections .

source : tselementes translated and posted by : george righos

yield : 1 servings




tropical bread pudding

breads , desserts

6 oz french bread , sliced 1/2
1 thick
3 medium bananas , sliced
1/2 cup flaked or shredded coconut
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
4 eggs
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
1 1/2 cup half-and-half
1 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 powdered sugar
1 banana slices

arrange half the bread in the bottom of a greased 9-inch square
baking pan . in a bowl , toss the bananas , coconut , and lemon juice ;
distribute evenly over the bread layer , and top with the remaining
bread . in a bowl , beat the eggs and brown sugar . beat in the
half-and-half , milk , and vanilla to blend thoroughly . pour over the
bread , and press the bread down slightly to saturate it completely .
bake in a 400f oven until the bread is browned and the custard is
set , 45-55 minutes . cool slightly . dust with powdered sugar , and
garnish with additional banana slices . serve warm . top with whipped
cream or vanilla ice cream , if desired .

yield : 6 servings




chocolate lover 's breakfast bread

breads , breakfast

3 cup flour
3 eggs
2 cup sugar
1 cup oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon each : ground cinnamon ,
1 baking
1 soda and baking powder
1/2 cup sour cream
2 cup shredded zucchini
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate bits

preparation : combine flour , eggs , sugar , oil , vanilla , cinnamon ,
baking soda , baking powder and sour cream in a mixing bowl . beat at
medium speed for 2 minutes or until well blended . stir in zucchini
and chocolate bits . pour batter into 2 well-greased loaf pans and
bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour and 15 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




challah french toast

breads , breakfast , french

6 eggs
1/2 cup heavy cream , half-and-half or milk
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon to 6 t clarified butter
8 slice challah , cut 1-inch thick

beat the eggs together with cream , half-and-half , or milk . beat in
cinnamon and salt . melt the butter in a large frying pan . dip the
challah slices , one at a time , into the egg mixture , making sure that
each slice is well coated . the challah should absorb a little of the
egg mixture but not enough to get soggy . fry each battered challah
slice for 2-3 minutes on each side until they are golden brown . do n't
fry too fast or the inside will be wet and gooey . serve with your
favorite jam , maple syrup , honey , cinnamon , sugar , or plain . note :
heavy cream really is the best liquid to use in this recipe .

source : mama leah 's jewish kitchen

yield : 4 servings




tropical muffins

breads , sourdough

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup shredded coconut
2 eggs
1 cup sourdough starter
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 cup mashed ripe bananas
1/3 cup orange juice
1 teaspoon grated orange peel

lightly grease 18 muffin cups or line with paper liners ; set aside .
preheat oven to 375f . in a large bowl , stir together flour , baking
powder , baking soda , salt and sugar . stir in coconut . make a well in
center ; set aside . in a medium bowl beat eggs . stir in sourdough
starter , oil , bananas , orange juice and orange peel . pour into well
in flour mixture . stir with a fork until dry ingredients are just
moistened . fill prepared muffin cups 2/3 to 3/4 full with batter .
bake in preheated oven 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown . remove
from muffin cups . serve hot . makes 16 to 18 muffins .

yield : 16 servings




basic white bread by james beard~ chef & cook

breads

1 pkg yeast ; active , dry
1/4 cup water ; warm ( 110-115 degs )
2 teaspoon sugar
1 cup milk
3 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon butter
3 3/4 cup flour ; all-purpose
-- -- egg wash -- --
1 medium egg white ; beaten slightly in 1 tbs

james beard 's basic white bread makes 1 large loaf or 2 small loaves *
making basic white bread dough * in a small bowl mix the yeast and
the 1/4 cup warm water ; add the sugar , stir well , and set aside until
proofed . it is proofed when fermentation is apparent : the mixture
will swell and small bubbles appear on the surface . ( if it does n't
proof at all , it means the yeast is not fresh . ) in a small saucepan
heat the milk with the salt and stir in the butter until it melts .
set aside to cool until it is no warmer than the yeast mixture . put 2
cups of the flour in a large mixing bowl and stir in the milk
mixture . beat well with a wooden spatula , add the yeast mixture , and
continue beating the dough until it is smooth , adding an additional
cup of flour to make a firm dough . turn the dough out onto a floured
work surface and begin the kneading process , which evenly distributes
the fermenting yeast cells through the dough . * kneading instructions
* there are several kneading methods , but the basic one is to flour
the dough and your hand lightly , then push the heel of your hand down
into the dough and away from you . fold the dough over , give it a
quarter turn , and push down again . repeat pushing , folding and
turning until the motion becomes rhythmic . knead for about 10
minutes , kneading in additional flour as necessary , until the dough
is smooth and no longer sticky , and blisters form on the surface . to
test whether the dough has been kneaded enough make an indention in
it with your fingers ; it should spring back . if blisters form on the
surface of the dough and break , this is another sign that the
kneading is sufficient . * note : if you have a heavy-duty electric
mixer with a dough-hook attachment , knead the dough with the hook and
finish it off on the board . butter a large bowl , transfer the dough
to it , and turn the bowl until the dough is well coated with butter
on all sides . cover the dough with a dish towel and let it rise in a
warm , draft-free place for 1 to 1-1/2 hours , until it is doubled in
bulk . a good , warm , draft-free place is inside your room temperature
oven . to test further if the dough has risen properly , make an
indentation in it with two fingers : if the dough does not spring
back , then it is ready . * baking preparations * butter a 9x5x3 inch
loaf pan , or two pans that are about 8x4x2 inches . punch the dough
down with your fist to deflate it ; transfer it to a floured board and
knead it well for about 3 minutes . pat it into a smooth round or oval
shape and let it rest for 4 to 5 minutes . then form into 1 large or
two small loaves , by shaping the dough into an oval the length of
your bread pan , then gently stretching , rounding , and plumping it in
the palms of your hands , tucking the edges underneath and pinching
them together . lift carefully ; drop the dough into the pan or pans
and smooth out . cover the dough with a towel and let it rise again in
a warm draft-free place for about 45 minutes to 1 hour , until it is
double in bulk . preheat the oven to 400df . brush the egg wash over
the top of the dough . bake in the center of the oven for 20 minutes ;
reduce the heat to 350df and bake for 20 to 25 minutes longer , until
the crust is well browned and the bread sounds hollow when removed
from the pan and tapped on the bottom with the knuckles . if you like
a crusty loaf , remove it from the pan about 5 to 10 minutes before
the end of the baking time and let it finish baking on the oven rack .
it will get brown and crusty all over . remove the bread from the oven
and let it cool on a rack before slicing . the bread may be stored in
a plastic bag in the refrigerator after it has cooled . if you seal it
in a bag before it is completely cooled , the crust will become soft .
stored bread will keep about 1 week . it also freezes well if wrapped
tightly in plastic wrap and sealed in a plastic bag and can be kept
for up to
3 months .

yield : 1 loaf




poppy seed holiday bread

breads

3 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon poppy seeds
1 1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla
3 eggs
1 1/2 cup milk
1 1/3 cup oil
6 tablespoon surgar
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
2 tablespoon orange juice
2 tablespoon melted butter

combine flour , salt , baking powder , 2 1/2 cups sugar , poppy seed ,
flavorings , eggs , milk and oil in mixer bowl . beat at medium speed
until mixed . spoon into 2 greased and floured 5 x 9-inch loaf pans .
bake at 350 degrees for 1 1/4 hours or until loaves test done . brush
hot loaves with mixture of 6 tablespoons sugar , 1/4 teaspoon almond
extract , orange juice and butter .

recipe by :

yield : 24 servings




low fat banana bread

breads , desserts , fruits , low fat

2 cup sugar
1 cup applesauce
8 oz healthy choice egg product
2 teaspoon vanilla
6 ripe bananas-mashed
4 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda

1 . cream together sugar and applesauce . 2 . add egg product and mix
well . 3 . add vanilla and bananas and mix well . 4 . sift flour with
soda , add gradually until all blended in . 5 . bake both loaves at 325
for about an hour . ( with both loaves in the oven at the same time it
usually takes a little longer .

yield : 2 loaves




lisa 's peanut-butter-banana quick bread

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs , beaten
2 ripe bananas , mashed
1/2 cup peanut butter

preheat oven to 325 . coat 4 small loaf pans with vegetable cooking
spray . combine dry ingredients ; blend well and set aside . combine wet
ingredients ; blend well . mix together wet and dry ingredients . do
not overmix . distribute batter among the 4 pans , and bake for 30 to
40 minutes .

notes : suprisingly good !

these small loaves freeze well , wrapped tightly in plastic wrap , once
completely cooled . to defrost , set out at room temperature , loosely
wrapped , for about an hour .

these breads are great for making the house smell autumnal ! they
also make great christmas gifts for the neighbors .

source : lisa clarke , sysop of the polka dot palace bbs 1-201-822-3627
on cyberealm bbs watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 4 servings




ployes ( pancakes )

breads , canadian

1 cup buckweat flour
1/2 cup all purpose flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup cold water
1 1/4 cup boiling water

mix all of the dry ingredients.add the cold water to form a dough.add
the boiling water , a little at a time to form a thin dough and mix
well.heat a frying pan and grease.drop a little at a time to form a
thin pancake.cook without turning and when you see firm craters on
the top side , it 's done.serve with butter.found in northwestern new
brunswick and northern maine , it is served as the bread at a meal .

yield : 15 servings




apple and cheese pleasers

breads , cookies , snacks

3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2/3 cup butter or margarine , softened
1/3 cup brown sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup quick cooking oats
4 oz cheddar ; shredded ; 1 c
3/4 cup raisins
1 cup chopped apple

combine flour , butter , sugar , egg , vanilla , cinnamon , baking powder
and salt in large bowl ; mix well . add oats , cheese and raisins ; mix
well . stir in apple . drop by heaping tablespoons onto ungreased
cookie sheet ; bake in preheated moderate oven ( 375 degrees ) 15
minutes or until golden brown . store in tightly covered container in
refrigerato or in loosely covered container at room temperature .
yield : about 2 dozen cookies

yield : 24 servings




jalapeno corn biscuits

breads , spicy

1 1/4 cup flour
3/4 cup cornmeal
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup milk
4 oz ( 1/2 cup ) monterey jack cheese
1 with jalapeno chile peppers

heat oven to 450 deg . f. grease 2 cookie sheets . lightly spoon flour
into measuring cup ; level off . in large bowl , combine
flour , cornmeal , baking powder and salt . using pastry blender or fork ,
cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . add milk
and cheese ; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened .

drop dough by generous tablespoonfuls onto greased cookie sheets .
bake at 450 deg . f. for 8 to 12 minutes or until light golden brown .
serve warm .

18 biscuits . 160 cal/biscuit , 8 g. fat , 6 mg cholesterol , 150 mg
sodium

source : sensational salads , pillsbury , # 126 , august
1991 posted by linda davis

yield : 6 servings




pumpkin-mincemeat bread

breads , christmas

4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice
1 1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 1/2 cup packed brown sugar
4 eggs
1/2 cup sourdough starter
2/3 cup water
1 cup vegetable oil
2 cup canned pumpkin
1 1/2 cup prepared mincemeat
1 cup chopped walnuts or pecans

grease three 9 x 5 or five 7-1/2 x 4 loaf pans , set aside . preheat
over to 350 . in a large bowl , stir together flour , baking powder ,
baking soda , salt , pumpkin pie spice , granulated sugar and brown
sugar ; set aside . in a medium bowl , beat eggs . stir in sourdough
starter , water , oil and pumpkin . pour all at once into flour mixture .
stir until dry ingredients are just moistened . stir in mincemeat and
nuts . pour evenly into prepared pans . bake in preheated oven 1 hour
or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean . turn out
of pans . cool top side up on a rack . wrap each cooled loaf in plastic
wrap or foil as a gift or to freeze . thaw wrapped frozen loaves at
room temperature 2 hours . makes 3 large loaves or 5 medium loaves .

yield : 60 servings




quick butter croissants

breads

1 pkg yeast
1 cup warm water
3/4 cup evaporated milk
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup sugar
1 each egg
5 1/2 cup flour , unsifted
1/4 cup butter , melted , then cooled
1 cup butter , firm , stick
1 each egg , beaten , 1 t water

in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in water . add milk , salt , sugar , egg
and 1 cup flour . beat to make a smooth batter , then blend in melted
butter ; set aside . in a large bowl , using a pastry blender , cut in 1
cup firm butter into remaining 4 cups flour . blend until butter is
the size of peas . pour yeast batter over the flour mixture . gently
turn the mixture over to wet all the flour . cover and let rest for 4
hours to 4 days . turn dough out onto floured board , press into a
compact ball , and knead briefly to release air . divide into 4 equal
parts . shape one part at a time , leaving remaining dough wrapped in
plastic , in the refrigerator . on a floured board , roll 1 part at a
time into a circle 17 '' around . using a sharp knife , cut round into 8
equal parts . for each croissant , loosely roll wedges toward point .
shape into a tight cresent shape and place seam side down on an
ungreased baking sheet . repeat the same procedure with the remaining
dough and place on baking pans 1 1/2 inches apart . cover lightly and
let rise until doubled . do not place in warm spot to speed rising ,
let rise at room temperature . brush with egg and water mixture . bake
at 325 deg f. for 30 to 35 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 8 servings




pineapple breakfast bread

breads , breakfast

2 cup all-purpose flour
2 to 3 tbsp . sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
1/2 ( 8 1/4 oz . ) can crushed
1 pineapple ; use remaining 1/2
1 for
1 spread
1/4 cup buttermilk

preparation : in mixing bowl , sift together flour , sugar , baking
powder , baking soda , cinnamon and salt . cut in butter until coarse
crumbs . add undrained pineapple and buttermilk , mix until it holds
together . turn dough out onto lightly floured surface . knead for 2
minutes . shape dough into a 6-inch circle , transfer dough to an
8-inch greased round cake pan . score the top in quarters . bake at
375 degrees for 30-35 minutes . serve warm with pineapple cream cheese
spread .

yield : 1 servings




cracked pepper onion buns

breads

-- -- from lois flack -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs ( 315 ) 7861120 -- --
1 medium onion , finely chopped
4 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
1/4 cup warm water ( 105f to 115f )
3/4 cup warm milk
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3 cup to 3 1/2 c all-purpose flour

tips : before baking buns , brush tops with a beaten egg and sprinkle
with a little reserved sauted onion . or for a delicious flavor ,
sprinkle with cracked pepper . crack the peppercorns yourself , for a
coarse peppery grind .

preparation : 1 . saut the onion in 2 tablespoons butter over medium
heat , until
slightly brown . stir often . set aside to cool .

2 . sprinkle yeast and sugar over warn water in a large mixing bowl .
let stand about 5 minutes .

3 . stir in milk , salt , remaining butter and sauted onion .

4 . add flour until a soft dough is formed . add only enough flour to
make a non-sticky dough . knead gently .

5 . place in a buttered bowl . cover .

6 . let rise until doubled , about 1 1/2 hours .

7 . punch down . divide into 8 equal portions . shape each into a
ball . flatten into a bun .

8 . place on a greased baking sheet , leaving space between each for
rising .

9 . cover . let rise about 30 minutes .

10 . bake at 375f for 15 to 20 minutes until golden brown . cool on
rack before slicing .

15 to 20 minutes

per serving : percentage of usrda
calories ... ... ... ... ... ..218 protein ... ... ... ... ... .7.9 %
protein ... ... ... ... ... ... ..5.1 g calcium ... ... ... ... ... .1.6 %
fat ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 6.2 g iron ... ... ... ... ... ... .8.2 %
carbohydrates ... ... ... ... .34.9 g vitamin a ... ... ... ... ..4.3 %
sodium ... ... ... ... ... ... ..500 mg vitamin c ... ... ... ... ..2.4 %

source : great american recipes

typed for you by : lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny
( 315 ) 786-1120

yield : 1 servings

preparation time : 20 mi




hearty wholegrain coffeecake

breads

2 cup all-purpose biscuit mix ( bisquick )
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup quaker oats ( quick or old-fashioned ; , uncooked )
1 egg
2 tablespoon firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 topping :
2/3 cup quaker oats * ( quick or old fashione ; d , uncooked )
2/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 cup chopped nuts
1/4 cup butter or margarine , melted
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

from : quaker oats wholegrain cookbook

coffeecake :

for coffee cake , combine all ingredients ; mix just until dry
ingredients are moistened .

for topping , combine all ingredients , mix well , spread half of batter
into greased 8-inch square baking dish ; sprinkle half of topping over
batter . top with remaining batter and topping . bake in preheated
moderate oven ( 375 ) 35 to 40 minutes or til wooden pick comes out
clean . serve warm .

microwave directions : cook in microwave oven at high 6 to 7 minutes
or til wooden pick comes out clean , rotating after 3 minutes of
cooking .

yield : 6 servings




paraguayan corn bread

breads , quick bread , ethnic

1 all-purpose flour
2 medium onions ; chopped fine
8 tablespoon margarine , divided
1/2 lb farmer or cottage cheese
1/2 lb muenster cheese ; shredded coarse
2 cup cream-style corn ( 16 oz )
1 teaspoon salt ; preferably coarse
1 cup milk
2 cup cornmeal
6 eggs ; separated
1 pinch ground anise seed ( optional )

grease 13x9x2-inch baking pan and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon flour .
shake to remove excess . in skillet saute onions in 4 tablespoons
margarine . add farmer cheese ; blend thoroughly . add muenster cheese ,
onions corn salt , milk and cornmeal ; mix thoroughly . beat egg whites
until soft peaks form , then lightly beat yolks separately . combine
and stir into cornmeal mixtuer with anise seed . turn into prepared
baking pan . bake in preheated 400 degree oven 45 minutes or until a
pick inserted in center comes out clean . serve hot , cut in squares .

note : for a pleasant variation and slightly different texture , cut
some of the muenster into tiny cubes to measure 1/2 cup and stir into
batter at last moment . source : women 's day 365 money-saving menu and
recipes , number 2 .

yield : 10 servings




cascaron -- bitsu-bitsu ( dough balls )

desserts , doughnuts , filipino

1 pkg mochi flour
1 coconut ; grated , place coconut in
1 1/2 cup hot water ; pour into bowl of coconut
1/3 box of dark brown sugar
1/4 cup cold water

squeeze grated coconut in water than strain coconut water in clean
dish towel over another bowl . squeeze until all liquid has been
extracted . ( instead of fresh coconut , you may use 1/2 can of grated
coconut and 1
1/2 cups of water . )
place canned coconut in flour and add water until dough is soft
but not too sticky . do the same with fresh coconut . shape dough in
balls of 1 inch diameter and fry in deep fat until golden brown .
drain dough balls on paper towel . then put them in a large mixing
bowl .
when all have been fried , boil water and brown sugar in a small
sauce pan until it reaches the soft boil stage . this is done by
placing a drop of syrup in a bowl of cold water . if it retains it
shape and is soft , it is ready . pour over dough balls . mix well so
that all are coated with syrup . remove from bowl and place them in a
platter to cool . excellent with coffee or tea .

yield : 1 recipe




sour cream biscuits

breads

4 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup sour cream
1 1/2 cup milk - sour
1 teaspoon soda

mix all ingredients , bake in moderate oven about 10 or 20 minutes .
notes : exact temperature not given . moderate is 350 - 400 f .

yield : 1 servings




ranola bread

breads

1 pkg yeast
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 cup bread flour
1 cup granola , ground finely in blender
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 teaspoon sugar
3/4 cup warm water
1/2 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon sweet butter
2 tablespoon honey
1 egg ( use ingredients at room temper ; ature . )

`` use your favorite granola . we used one with dates and nuts . healthy ,
preservative-free bread has never tasted this good . ''

add all ingredients into the pan in the order listed , select white
bread and push `` start . ''

try adding 1/2 cup raisins or dates !

yield : 6 servings




cracked wheat bread ( cannon )

breads

2 cup warm milk
1 cup wheat bran cereal ( all-bran , fiber ; 1 , or 100 % bran )
1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon yeast
1/3 cup honey
2 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup cracked wheat
3 cup whole wheat flour
2 1/2 cup to 3 1/2 c bread flour ( or all purp ; ose flour )

in a large bowl , add wheat bran cereal to milk and soak 15-30 minutes .
proof yeast in warm water .

add yeast mixture , honey , olive oil , salt , and cracked wheat to milk
mixture and mix well . add the whole wheat flour , one cup at a time ,
mixing well after each addition . then add bread flour 1/2 c at a
time , mixing well after each addition . when dough gets very stiff ,
turn out onto a well-floured surface and knead in enough remaining
flour to make a good soft dough .

place dough in a lightly oiled bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and let
rise until doubled . punch down , divide in half , and form each half
into a loaf and place in a 8.5x4.5 inch or 9x5 inch bread pan and
cover . let rise until doubled in bulk .

bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 30 minutes , remove from pans
and continue to bake for another 10-15 minutes until bread sounds
hollow on bottom . may need to cover tops with aluminum foil during
final 10-15 minutes of baking if top is browning too much . let cool
on racks before slicing .

recipe from harold cannon , appeared in 30 nov 1994 issue of the
birmingham news .

yield : 2 loaves




irish soda bread ( with variant for spotted do

breads , ethnic

6 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon cornstarch
2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 cup buttermilk ***
-- -- add for `` spotted dog -- --
1/2 cup raisins or sultanas

*** may substitute 2 1/2 cup water and 10 tablespoons buttermilk
powder .

preheat oven to 375 degrees .

add all of the dry ingredients in a large bowl and mix very well . ( if
making spotted dog variant , then add raisins . ) pour all of the
buttermilk into the bowl at once and stir , using a wooden spoon , just
until a soft dough is formed . do not try to make it smooth at this
point . pour the contents of the bowl out onto a plastic counter and
knead for a minute or so until everything comes together . you may
need to add a bit more flour depending on humidity . the dough should
be smooth , not sticky .

divide the dough into two portions and shape each into a round loaf ,
pressing the top down a bit to just barely flatten it . place the
loaves on a large ungreased baking sheet . sprinkle some additional
flour on the top of each loaf and , using a sharp paring knife , make
the sign of the cross in slashes on the top of each .

allow the loaves to rest for 10 minutes and then bake on the middle
rack of the oven for 40 minutes , or until the loaves are golden brown
and done to taste .

cool on racks .

adapted from : the frugal gourmet on our immigrant ancestors , by jeff
smith . entered by dale & gail shipp , columbia md . personal comment : a
close irish friend gives her stamp of approval on this as being an
authentic irish soda bread . she supplied the `` spotted dog '' variant .

yield : 2 servings




lemon sticky buns

breads , homemade mi

1 freezer bread dough -- * see
1 note
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/3 cup corn syrup
1/4 cup fleischmann 's fat free
1 spread
1 teaspoon lemon peel -- grated
2 tablespoon lemon juice , bottled
2 tablespoon fleischmann 's fat free
1 spread
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cinnamon

in a saucepan , combine 1/2 cup sugar , corn syrup , spread , lemon peel ,
lemon juice . cook and stir just until sugar dissolves and mixture
boils . pour into prepared 13 x 9 '' pan . on a lightly floured surface ,
roll dough to 16 x 8 '' rectangle . brush with 2 tablespoons spread . in
a mixing bowl , combine remaining sugar , nutmeg , and cinnamon .
sprinkle over dough . beginning with long side , roll up jelly-roll
fashion and seal edge . cut into 16-1 '' slices . place , cut side down ,
atop sugar mixture in pan . cover and let rise in a warm place until
nearly double in size ( 30 to 45 minutes ) . bake in 375 degree oven for
25 minutes .

recipe by : homemade is better

from : adamsfmle @ aol.com date : fri , 12 jul 1996 23:38:41
~0400

yield : 16 servings




orange-banana bread

breads

2 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup chopped nuts
1 1/2 cup mixed candied fruits
1/3 cup raisins
1/2 cup shortening
3/4 cup sugar
3 eggs
1/2 cup mashed banana
1/2 cup orange juice

from : arizona cookbook

sift together flour , baking powder and salt . stir in chopped nuts ,
candied fruits , and raisins . cream shortening , add sugar , beat until
light and fluffy . add eggs , one at a time , beating after each
addition . combine mashed banana and orange juice ; add to creamed
mixture alternately with flour mixture , beginning and ending with dry
ingredients . turn into a greased , was-paper-lined 9x5x3 loaf pan .

bake at 350 1 1/4 hours . cool 20-30 min . before turning out on cake
rack . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 servings




branicot banana bread

breads

1 cup bran
1 cup milk
1 cup bananas , mashed 2-3
2 eggs
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 cup flour
1/2 cup apricots , dried snipped
1/2 cup nuts , chopped
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

1 . combine bran and milk , let stand 5 min . stir in bananas , eggs ,
sugar and oil .

2 . combine remaining ingredients in large bowl . stir bran mixture
into dry ingredients until just moistened .

3 . pour into prepared 9x5 inch loaf pan . bake at 350f for 60-65 min .
until cake tester comes out clean . cool in pan 10 min , cool on rack .

adapted from nabisco precious moments pamphlet nov 1990 .

yield : 12 servings




biscuit mix ( all purpose baking mix )

breads , cakes

4 1/2 cup all purpose ( a/p ) flour
5 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
5 tablespoon solid shortening
3 tablespoon unsalted butter , cut up

in a lge . bowl , whisk together dry ingreds .

with elec . mixer on low or # 2 of a 3 speed mixer , cut in fats until
uniform in texture and fat particles are no longer visible . remove
from mixer .

c. ea . keep refrigerated for up to one month . recipe is easily
doubled , tripled , etc .

best biscuit mix you 'll ever use , guaranteed . watch out betty
crocker ! !

yield : 3 servings




julekake - cardamom bread

breads , norwegian

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 pkg active dry yeast
3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
1 1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup butter
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 cup candied fruits ; optional
1 cup light raisins
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour

in a large mixer bowl combine 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour , yeast , and
cardamom . in a saucepan heat milk , sugar , butter , and salt just till
warm ( 115f ) and the butter is almost melted ; stir constantly . add
heated milk mixture to flour mixture ; add 1 egg . beat at low speed
of electric mixer for 1/2 minute . beat 3 minutes at high speed ,
scraping sides of bowl constantly . stir in 1 chopped mixed candied
fruits and peels ( optional ) , raisins , and as much of the 2 1/2 cups
all-purpose flour as you can mix in with a spoon . turn out onto a
lightly floured surface . knead in enough of the remaining all-purpose
flour to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic ( 6
to 8 minutes total ) . shape dough into a ball . place in a lightly
greased bowl ; turn once to grease surface . cover , let rise in a warm
place till double ( about 1 1/2 hours ) . punch dough down ; divide dough
in half . cover ; let rest 10 minutes . shape into 2 round loaves ; place
on greased baking sheets . flatten each slightly to a 6-inch diameter .
cover ; let rise till nearly double ( 45 to 60 minutes ) . stir together
1 slightly beaten egg yolk and 2 tablespoons water , brush over loaves .
bake in a 350f oven for 35 minutes or till done .
cool on a wire rack . makes 2 round loaves .

yield : 2 servings




sourdough starter & bread ala krh

breads

-- -- starter -- --
1 tablespoon yeast
2 cup warm water ( 90f )
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup warm water ( 100f )
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
-- -- bread -- --
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 flour
2 cup starter
1 teaspoon sugar

starter : dissolve yeast in first quantity of water . put in a
non-metallic container ( crock , mason jar , etc . ) let stand for 10 min .
add second measure of water , flour , sugar , and salt . cover and let
stand at room temperature for 3 to 4 days . shake container every day .

bread :

put starter in a large bowl and add butter , baking soda , and sugar .
add enough flour to make a stiff dough ( about 4 cups ) . knead unitl
smooth and place in a greased bowl and let stand in a warm place ( no
warmer than 90f ) . in a greased bread pan add 1 t corn meal on bottom
and sides . punch down bread and put into greased bread pan . let rise
again in the same warm place . bake at 350f for 1 hour .

yield : 1 starter




carmel pecan sticky buns

breads

8 oz philadelphia brand cream
1 cheese [ cubed ]
3/4 cup cold water
1 pkg [ 16 oz ] hot roll mix
1 egg
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon [ ground ]
1 cup pecan halves [ may be coarsly
1 chopped if desired ]
3/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup light corn syrup
1/4 cup butter [ melted ]
-- -- preheat oven to 350 -- --

1 ) stirr together 6 oz of cream cheese and the cold water in a
small sauce pan cooking over low heat until the mixture is at 115 to
120 , stirring occasionally ... 2 ) stir together the roll mix and
yeast packet in a large bowl , then add the cream cheese mixture and
the egg mixing until the dough pulls away from the sides of the
bowl ... 3 ) knead the dough on a slightly floured surface for 5 min ...
or until smooth and elastic ... cover and let rise in a warm place for
20 min ... 4 ) while the dough is rising , beat the remaining cream
cheese , sugar , & cinnamon in a small bowl with an elec . mixer until
well blended ... 5 ) roll out the dough to 18 '' x12 '' rectangle and spread
the cream cheese mixture over the dough to within 1 '' from the
edges ... roll up from the long side , sealing the edges and cut into
24 3/4 '' slices 6 ) stir together the remaining ingredients in a small
bowl and spoon 2 teaspoons full into bottoms of greased cups of
muffin pan ... 7 ) place dough , cut side up , in cups cover and let
rise in warm place for 30 min ... 8 ) bake 20 to 25 min or until golden
brown ... invert onto serving platter immediately ...

from the philadelphia brand cream cheese finest recipe collection and
fred goslin on cyberealm bbs , home of kooknet , in watertown ny at
( 315 ) 786-1120

yield : 2 dozen




luchi ( crisp fried bread )

breads , indian , bakery

1 cup all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt
2 tablespoon ghee
2 tablespoon water
1 oil for deep-fat frying

sift together the flour & salt . mix in the ghee & add then add just
enough water to make a stiff dough . knead very well for 10 to 15
minutes . divide the dough into 20 balls , cover & set aside for 20
minutes .

roll out each ball on an unfloured board into small , flat , thin
circles . if the dough is stiff , try lightly greasing the rolling pin .
roll each luchi as thinly as possible . if you make puri , roll them
out thinner than you would when making puri .

heat 2 or 3 inches of oil in a skillet or wok until it is very hot .
drop the luchi into the hot oil & press down lightly with the back of
a spoon . they will puff up exactly like puri . drain & serve
immediately .

pranati sen gupta , `` the art of indian cuisine ''

yield : 20 luchis




cranberry bread

breads

2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup orange juice
2 eggs
3 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup walnuts , chopped
1 1/4 cup cranberries
2 teaspoon orange rind , grated

1 . preheat oven to 350f . grease an 8x4x3 inch bread pan .
2 . sift flour , sugar , baking powder and salt into a mixing bowl .
3 . make a well in the middle of the sifted mixture and pour in
orange juice , slightly beaten eggs and melted butter . mix well
without over- mixing . fold in chopped walnuts , cranberries and orange
rind .
4 . pour batter into the prepared pan and set on the middle rack of
the oven . bake for 45 to 50 minutes , or until a knife , inserted in
the center comes out clean .
5 . remove bread from the oven and cool in the pan for 10 minutes .
after 10 minutes , remove bread from pan and allow to cool completely
on rack . wrap and put away for 1 to 2 days before serving . 1 loaf
=the silver palate cookbook=

yield : 1 servings




potato doughnuts

breads , desserts

3 cup all-purpose flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup milk or water
1/4 cup margarine or butter
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/2 cup plain mashed potatoes
1 shortening or cooking oil
1 for deep-fat frying
-- -- glaze -- --
4 cup sifted powdered sugar
1/3 cup boiling water
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract or vanilla
1 tablespoon corn syrup

for doughnuts : combine 1 1/2 cups flour , yeast and baking powder .
heat milk or water , margarine or butter , sugar and salt till warm
( 120 to 130 degrees ) . add to flour mixture along with egg and
potatoes . beat with an electric in low speed for 30 seconds , scraping
bowl constantly . beat on high 3 minutes . stir in the remaining flour ,
using a spoon , till dough is smooth . place in greased bowl . cover and
chill about 2 hours or overnight . stir dough down . roll dough to
1/2-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface . cut with a floured 2
1/2-inch doughnut cutter . reroll as necessary . fry two or three
doughnuts at a time in deep hot fat ( 365 degrees ) about 1 minute on
each side or til golden , turning with a slotted spoon . repeat with
remaining doughnuts and holes . for glaze : stir together powdered
sugar , boiling water , corn syrup , and lemon extract or vanilla in a
medium mixing bowl . dip warm doughnuts in glaze , holding each over
the bowl to allow excess glaze to drip off . place glazed doughnuts in
wire rack to dry . makes 16 to 18 doughnuts and holes .

yield : 18 servings




cheddar squares

breads , vegetables , cheese , quick bread

2 cup unbleached flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter
1 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded
1/2 cup onion ; chopped
2 tablespoon pimento ; chopped
2/3 cup milk

combine the dry ingredients , then cut the butter into the dry mixture
until it resembles coarse crumbs . add the cheddar , onion , and
pimento , mixing well . add the milk , mixing until just moistened .
spread the dough in a 9-inch square baking pan and bake at 450
degrees f. for 25 to 30 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in
the center comes out clean . cool slightly and cut into squares .
serve warm .

yield : 6 servings




easy zucchini bread

breads , vegetables

1 cup oil
1 or
1 cup melted shortening
1 or
1 butter or margarine
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 cup well drained
1 shredded zucchini
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 tablespoon cinnamon - or more
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/2 teaspoon cloves
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts

( variations - 1 small can , well drained crushed pineapple , or 1/2 cup
applesauce , or two fresh peaches or nectarines crushed and
drained -- just add to basic mixture )

mix together the baking soda , baking powder , and flour . set aside .
slightly beat the eggs then add the sugar and cream together well .
the eggs should be thick and almost white . add the melted shortening
or oil in a slow stream and cream well . turn the mixer speed down to
low and add the zucchini . add the vanilla and spices and mix well .
add any of the variations if you wish . add the flour mixture one cup
at a time and mix well after each addition . add the nuts and mix
well . the batter should be thick and not runny .

bake in well greased loaf pans at 375 degrees for about 1 hour . check
after 45 minutes to test for doneness . walt mm

yield : 2 loaves




judith 's wheaten bread

breads , irish

6 oz plain flour
1 teaspoon level cream of tartar
10 oz wheatmeal
2 oz butter
4 oz caster sugar
1 egg
2 teaspoon level salt
2 teaspoon level baking soda
1 buttermilk or sour milk

`` chuck all the dry ingredients into a bowl and mix . add milk and egg
to give you a fairly soft dough . bake in two loaf tins , or whatever at
375-400f , gas mark 6 or 7 .

yield : 4 servings




dried tart cheery scones

breads

3 cup + 3 t flour
6 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
10 teaspoon milk
1/2 cup dried tart cherries ; cut up
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup chilled butter ; cut up
1 egg ; beaten
1 teaspoon orange or lemon rind ; grated

preheat oven to 350 . lightly grease baking sheet . stir together the
flour , sugar and baking powder . cut in butter until mixture resembles
crumbs . ( a food processor works great . ) stir in dried cherries and
grated rind . combine milk and egg . mix into dry ingredients , gather
dough into a ball . roll dough out 1/2 '' thick onto a lightly floured
surface . cut into 3 '' circles with a sharp knife or biscuit cutter . ( a
glass does not work well because it crimps the edges and they will
not rise as well . ) arrange on a baking sheet , 1 '' apart . bake until
firm to touch , about 20 minutes . serve warm . from : american spoon
foods

yield : 8 servings




crisp bacon muffins

breads

-- -- lisa crawley tspn00b -- --
8 bacon slices
1 1/3 cup cake flour
1 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 egg
3/4 cup milk
1 tablespoon bacon fat

saute bacon til crisp , and chop fine . sift flour , sugar , salt and
baking powder together . add the bacon . combine the egg , milk and
bacon fat , and blend into the first mixture . pour into buttered
muffin tins , one-third full , and bake in a hot oven ( 425 ) for 15-20
minutes . from : kate smith 's `` company 's coming '' cookbook -- -- lisa
crawley tspn00b

yield : 12 servings




joyces'carrot bread

breads , cakes

1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup white sugar
3/4 cup mazola oil
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1 cup grated carrots

sift to-gether dry ingredients , mix sugar and oil well and add the
eggs and vanilla . add the dry ingredients alternately with the grated
carrots and the nuts . pour into loaf pan and bake in 350 f oven for 1
hour or until toothpick comes out clean .

yield : 12 servings




oven-baked nutmeg praline french toast

breads , brunch

8 slice italian bread , cut about
1 3/4-inch thick
4 large eggs
1 cup milk or half-and-half
2 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 tablespoon orange liqueur or orange juice
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1/4 cup lt brown sugar , firmly packed
1 tablespoon butter , melted

place bread in single layer in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish . whisk
together eggs , milk , sugar , liqueur , vanilla , nutmeg and salt . pour
over bread , turning once to coat evenly . refrigerate , covered ,
several hours or overnight . preheat oven to 400 degrees f. place 1/3
cup butter in 15 x 10-inch jelly roll pan ; place in oven to melt
butter .
remove from oven ; tilt pan to coat evenly with butter . arrange bread
in single layer in prepared pan . bake , uncovered , about 25 minutes or
until firm and golden brown . meanwhile , combine pecans , brown sugar
and 1 tablespoon butter in small bowl . sprinkle over baked french
toast . broil , about 5 inches from heat , watching carefully , about 1
minute or until topping begins to bubble .

variation : omit praline topping ( made with pecans , brown sugar and
the 1 tablespoon melted butter ) . bake french toast as directed , but
carefully turn bread halfway through baking time . do not broil .

note : other toppings include softened cream cheese combined with
maple syrup , sweetened whipped cream or butter with fruit preserves .

yield : 8 slices serving : 2 slice nutritional information
per serving calories 310 total fat 17 g total
carbohydrates 30 g protein 7 g vitamin a 10 % dv calcium 65 mg

> from the recipe files of suzy @ gannett.infi.net

yield : 4 servings




orange biscuits

breads

3 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 orange
4 tablespoon shortening
3 tablespoon sugar
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon melted butter or butter substitute

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder , salt , and 1
tablespoon sugar . cut in shortening . add milk to form soft dough .
turn onto lightly floured board . knead lightly . pat into sheet 1/2
inch thick . spread with butter , and 2 tablespoons sugar dissolved in
orange juice . sprinkle with grated orange rind . roll like jelly roll
and cut in slices 1/2 inch thick . place cut side down in well-oiled
pan . cover and allow to stand 10 minutes . bake in hot oven ( 450 f )
15 minutes . 12 servings . the household searchlight - 1941

yield : 2 servings




finnish bread***vgwn37a

breads

1 1/8 butter
1/2 sugar
3 1/2 flour

method : mix well and let stand in cold place for 1
hour . roll into strips about 2/3 inch in diameter and
cut into small pieces . brush with egg and sprinkle
with sugar and chopped nuts . bake in a moderate oven
till golden brown ( 350 )

yield : 12 servings




sourdough sams

breads

1/2 cup active sourdough starter
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon shortening
2 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 each large egg
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup buttermilk or sour milk

sift dry ingredients , stir into liquid , roll out and cut with regular
donut cutter . then heat some oil in a deep fryer to 390 degrees f
and fry . makes about 17 doughnuts with holes . just before serving
dust with powdered or cinnamon sugar .
note :
these doughnuts are virtually greasless . and if you want you can make
several batches at a time and freeze . they keep well and to me taste
after a while in the freezer . take out as many as needed and thaw
and put sugar on or eat plain .

yield : 4 servings




jane brody 's high-calcium cabbage bread

breads

1/2 cup finely shredded red cabbage
1/2 cup finely shredded green cabbag
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1/2 cup plain non/low-fat yogurt
1/4 cup orange juice concentrate *
1/4 cup canola oil
1/4 cup powdered nonfat milk
1 egg
1 cup whole-wheat flour
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup toasted sesame seeds
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
1/8 teaspoon mace
1/8 teaspoon ground ginger

* 1/4 cup orange juice and 1 tablespoon sugar can replace concentrate .

the author says this can be made with 1 cup of only one type of
cabbage but for the sake of color would choose red cabbage .

1 . preheat oven to 350 f .

2 . place the cabbage in a small bowl and toss it with lemon juice .

3 . in large measuring cup or medium bowl , combine the yogurt , orange
juice concentrate , oil , powdered milk and egg , blending the
ingredients well . stir in the cabbage .

4 . in large bowl , combine the flours , sesame seeds , baking powder ,
baking
soda , salt , mace and ginger , mixing them well .

5 . gradually add the cabbage mixture to the flour mixture and mix the
ingredients until they are just combined . pour the batter into a
greased 8x4 inch loaf pan .

6 . place the pan in hot oven and bake for 35-45 minutes or until a
tester
inserted into the center of the bread comes out clean . turn the
bread
out onto a rack to cool completely before slicing .

this is a great bread to serve with a soup or salad meal . after the
first day , it is wonderful toasted . try it , too , as a sandwich bread .

from : jane brody 's good food gourmet posted by : sheila exner

yield : 10 servings




mango coconut bread

breads , fruits , quick bread

1 cup sugar
2 eggs
2/3 cup vegetable oil
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup pureed mango -- peeled
1 ( about 3 large , ripe
1 mangoes )
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup shredded coconut meat
1/4 cup chopped walnuts

in medium bowl , cream sugar , eggs and oil until thick . sift together
dry ingredients and add to creamed mixture , blending well . stir in
mango puree , vanilla , riasins , coconut and nuts .

pour into a prepared ( oiled and floured ) loaf pan 9x5-inch . bake 350f
/ 180c for 45 to 50 minutes . makes
1 loaf . cook on rack .

substitute 1 egg white and 1 whole egg .

recipe by : virginia k in the jones family reunion cookbook ( 1993 )

yield : 8 servings




sourdough

breads

3 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 flour , divided
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
2 cup hot ( 120f to 130f ) water
1 cup lukewarm ( 100f ) water
1 sourdough starter

yield : approximately 4 cups difficulty : ( one chocolate kiss , or easy )
prepartion : 10 minutes allow at least 4 days for the starter to
ferment before using . `` day 1 : 1 . in a medium bowl , stir together 2
cups of the flour and yeast . make a well in the middle of the
flour/yeast mixture and whisk in the hot water . continue stirring
until the mixture is blended but not completely smooth . it is not
necessary to smooth out all the lumps ; they will dissolve as the
mixture start to ferment . cover the bowl with a clean towel and let
the mixture sit at room temperature . over the next 24 hours the
mixture will rise , become very bubbly and then start to recede .

`` days 2 and 3 : 2 . stir the mixture twice , once in the morning and
once in the evening to invigorate the yeast and to expel the alcohol .
towards the end of the second day the mixture will start to thin and
the surface of the starter will be covered with lots of tiny air
bubbles . by the evening of the third day a thin layer of yellow-brown
liquid may form on the surface of the starter . it is simply the
alcohol given off by the yeast cells as they feed on the
carbohydrates in the flour and multiply . refresh the starter by
stirring in the cup of lukewarm water ( 100f ) and the remaining cup of
flour . stir until blended , but do not worry about any small lumps .

`` day 4 : 3 . the starter is now ready to use , or it may be poured into a
sterilzed 2 quart glass or ceramic covered crock or casserole , or a
flass jar with a non-metal lid and refrigerated .

yield : 4 servings




chocolate teacake

breads , cakes , desserts

2 1/4 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon cocoa powder
2 oz butter
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg
1 cup buttermilk
2 oz currants ; plumped in warm water an
2 oz chopped pecans

preheat oven to 350f . sift together the flour , baking powder , baking
soda , salt and cocoa . cream the butter , add the vanilla and sugar ,
beat until light , about 5 minutes . add the egg . add the dry
ingredients in three additions , alternating with the buttermilk . do
not over mix . stir in the currants and nuts . pour into a greased and
floured 7-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan . bake for 1 hour 10 minutes . cool
in the pan 10 minutes , remove and cool on a rack .

yield : 10 servings




savory cheese scones

breads , quick & easy

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 1/2 cup grated cheddar cheese
3 tablespoon parmesan cheese
1/3 cup butter
1/3 cup milk
2 eggs

preheat oven to 400 f. combine all dry ingredients , stir in cheeses
and toss well . cut in butter . combine eggs and milk , add to flour
mixture and gently knead to form a stiff dough . cut dough ball into
halves and pat each half into an 8 '' diameter , 1/2 '' thick circle . cut
into wedges , place wedges on a baking sheet and bake 15 to 17
minutes , until lightly browned .

recipe by : jamie wernitznig

from : falderso @ interserv.com date : thu , 14 mar 1996 00:57:26
~0800

yield : 12 servings




virginia corn pones

breads

3 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon shortening , melted
1 cup plus 2 t buttermilk
1 cup plus 2 t water

combine dry ingredients . add shortening , buttermilk , and water ; stir
just until dry ingredients are moistened . shape into oblong patties ,
using 1/3 cup batter per patty . stir mixture frequently to prevent
cornmeal from settling . place on lightly greased baking sheets . bake
at 450 degrees for 10 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 18 servings




cheese & wine bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
1 cup plus 2 tb all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup instant nonfat dry milk
1/3 cup vegetable shortening
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon minced onion
1 egg , beaten
1/4 cup milk
1/4 cup white wine
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese

sift together flour , baking powder , cream of tartar , salt , soda and
dry milk . cut in shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal .
add sugar , minced onion , egg , milk , wine and oregano . mix thoroughly .
spread mixture in greased 8 or 9-inch round pan and sprinkle with
cheese . bake at 425 f for 15-20 minutes or until a wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean .

creme de colorado cookbook ( 1987 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 8 servings




coconut bread

breads

2 cup freshly grated coconut*
2 each eggs , well beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup seedless raisins
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt
1 cup sugar
1 cup evaporated milk
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 tablespoon butter , melted
1 tablespoon baking powder

in a large bowl , combine the coconut and sugar . in another bowl ,
combine the eggs , milk , vanilla , cinnamon , raisins , and butter . stir
this mixture into the grated coconut . sift in the flour , baking
powder , and salt . combine , mixing until smooth . pour the batter into
2 greased 9-inch loaf pans , and bake in a preheated 350 deg . f. oven
for 1 hour , or until a tester comes out clean . set the pans on wire
racks to cool for 10 minutes . remove the breads from the pans and
continue cooling on the wire racks . yield : 2 loaves * store bought
grated coconut will not give this bread the moistness that freshly
grated coconut will .

yield : 2 servings




orange & carrot muffins

breads

1 cup buttermilk
1 beaten egg
1/3 cup melted butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup whole wheat or plain flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup quick cooking oats
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 cup finely shredded carrot
1 grated rind of 1 orange
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 375 degrees . prepare pans . pour buttermilk over oats
in a bowl . add beaten egg , melted butter , sugar , vanilla and rind and
mix thoroughly . combine dry ingredients and add to wet mix until just
combined . if desired , raisins may be added at this point . spoon into
pans and bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until done .

formatted on september 3 , 1996 by jamie calton

yield : 12 muffins




warm pralines n ' cream muffins

breads

1/2 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
1/3 cup margarine or butter - softened
2/3 cup milk
1 egg
1 teaspoon maple or vanilla extract
1 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
3/4 cup chopped pecans ; divided

heat oven to 400 f. line 12 muffin cups with paper baking cups or
lightly grease bottoms only . beat together brown sugar , margarine
and cream cheese until creamy . add milk , egg and maple extract ; mix
well . add combined ddry ingredients and 1/2 cup pecans . bake 20 to 22
minutes or until golden brown . let muffins stand a few minutes ;
remove from pan . serve warm .

to freeze muffins : wrap securely , seal , lable and freeze .

to reheat muffins : unwrap ; microwave at high about 30 seconds per
muffin .

nutrition information ( 1 muffin ) : * calories 220 * fat 14g * sodium
205 mg * dietary fiber 2g

source : quaker oats prize-winning recipes ( martha davis ) copyright
1994 , the quaker oats company reprinted with permission from the
quaker oats company electronic format courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




pignoli cookies ( prodigy )

biscuits , italian , grains

1 1/4 lb almonds ; ground fine
1 cup butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cup flour , or a little less ( see note )
1 cup pine nuts , chopped
1 granulated sugar
1 sweetened milk , optional

cream butter and sugar together until very soft . then carefully blend
in the ground almonds , salt , vanilla and flour . the dough will be
rather firm . cut off pieces about the size of prunes and roll them
into little cigar-shaped pieces about 1/2-inch thick . roll these in
the chopped pine nuts and bend them into a half-moon shape . place
these 1-inch apart on greased baking pans . bake at 350f for 15-to-20
minutes . the crescents should not be browned . cool about 5 minutes ,
then strew with a little granulated sugar or brush with heavily
sweetened milk .

note : for reasons never adequately explained , cake and other baked
foods need more flour on some days than on others .

deborah madison - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 36 servings




basic sweet bread

breads

7 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 each eggs roomtemp
2 pkg rapid rise yeast
6 tablespoon butter or margarine
2 cup milk

place 4c flour and yeast in a large mixing bowl . place milk , butter ,
sugar and salt in sauce pan - heat to 115 degrees f. pour into flour
mix and mix on low speed for 1 min . add eggs - mix 1 min . more . add
1/2 cup flour at a time to make firm elastic dough . let rise in a
greased bowl till doubled in size . split into two equal parts and
place in 5x9 pans . let rise till doubled in size . bake at 350 degrees
f. for 25-30 minutes

yield : 20 servings




banana biscuits

breads

2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter or margarine cold
3/4 cup milk cold
1/2 cup banana mashed 1 large

combine flour sugar and baking powder , baking soda and salt . cut in
butter until crumbly . make a well in the center . pour in milk and
banana into well . stir to moisten . drop by spoonfuls onto greased
cookie sheet . bake at 400 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes . serve hot
with butter and marmalade or peanut butter .

yield : 12 biscuits




mom 's best raised biscuits

breads

1 each pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon warm water
2 cup all-purp flour
1 teaspoon each baking powder and salt
2 tablespoon butter
2/3 cup buttermilk

1 . in small bowl combine yeast , sugar , and water ; let stand until
bubbly , about 15 minutes .

2 . in a large bowl , stir together flour , baking powder , and salt .
cut in butter to make a fine crumb .

3 . beat in yeast mixture and buttermilk to make a moderately stiff
dough . ( add more flour if necessary . )

4 . knead dough lightly for a few seconds on floured board .

5 . pat out to 1/2-inch thickness . cut dough with a 2-inch floured
biscuit cutter .

6 . arrange biscuits in a greased baking pan so they barely touch each
other ; prick tops with a fork .

7 . let rise in a warm place until doubled ( about 30-40 minutes ) .

8 . bake at 425 f. for 10-15 minutes or until golden . while biscuits
are hot from the oven , rub tops with additional butter .

yields 10 to 12 biscuits .

k.f . 02/16/96 : very good . used buttermilk powder in milk .

yield : 5 servings




cheese cornbread

breads

3 cup stone ground yellow cornmeal
3 cup unbleached flour
2 1/2 tablespoon baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
5 eggs
3/4 cup safflower or corn oil
3 1/2 cup buttermilk
2 cup cheddar cheese sharp , shredded

in a mixing bowl , combine cornmeal , flour , baking powder , sugar and
salt ; mix well . separately beat eggs with oil and buttermilk . add
with cheese to cornmeal mixture , stirring enough only to mix all
ingredients well . spoon into two 8 x 12 '' greased baking pan . bake in
a preheated 425 degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until cornbread
is brown around the edge and firm to the touch . cut into squares and
serve hot .

yield : 18 servings




breakfast focaccia

breads , breakfast

1 frozen bread dough loaf*
3 plums , firm-ripe , large
3 cup apple slices , thin
1 1/2 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted
3 tablespoon sugar**
1 teaspoon cinnamon , ground**

* - white bread dough , thawed
** - mix these two together
=======================================================
==================
1 . place dough in a lightly oiled 10x15 '' pan . stretch and press to
fill pan evenly . ( if dough is too elastic to stay in place , let rest
a few minutes , then press . ) cover dough lightly with plastic wrap and
let stand until puffy , about 45 minutes.
2 . meanwhile , pit plums and cut into 1/4 '' -thick slices . brush puffy
dough with 1 tablespoon butter . arrange plum slices , without
overlapping , on dough . brush fruit with remaining butter and sprinkle
evenly with sugar-cinnamon mixture.
3 . bake focaccia on the bottom rack in a 350'f . oven until well
browned on edges and bottom ( lift gently with a spatula to check ) ,
about 40 minutes . serve warm . ( if made ahead , cool , wrap airtight ,
and hold at room temperature up until next day . reheat , uncovered , in
a 350'f . oven until warm to tough , 5-10 minutes . )

yield : 6 servings




cranberry raisin bread

breads , holiday , christmas , california

1 x no ingredients

cranberry raisin bread

serve this bread warm topped with cranberry butter ( below ) on
christmas morning .

4 cups flour 1.3/4 cups sugar 1 tablespoon baking powder 1.1/2
teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 cup unsalted butter 2 large
eggs 1.1/2 cups orange juice 1 tablespoon finely grated orange peel 2
cups fresh cranberries , washed , stemmed and copped ( or frozen
cranberries , thawed and patted dry ) 1 cup raisins

preheat the oven to 350 degrees . in a large bowl , combine flour ,
sugar , baking powder , salt and baking soda . with a pastry blender or
fork , cut in butter until the mixture makes coarse crumbs . in another
bowl beat eggs , orange juice , and orange peel until well blended .
stir in flour mixture . gently fold in cranberries and raisins . pour
batter into 2 buttered 9-inch x 5-inch-x 3-inch loaf pans and bake
for 1 hour and 10 minutes , or until a toothpick inserted in center
comes out clean . cool in pans on rack for 10-15 minutes before
removing from pans .

cranberry butter : 1 cup fresh cranberries , washed and stemmed ( or
frozen cranberries , thawed and patted dry ) 1.1/2 cups powdered sugar
1/2 cup unsalted butter , softened 1 tablespoon lemon juice

in a food processor puree the cranberries with the sugar . add the
butter and lemon juice , and blend until smooth . transfer to a serving
bowl and chill , covered , until firm

from : california heritage continues california heritage continues
received from debbie applebury in the december cookbook swap
converted from qbook format source : california heritage continues

posted on genie c03 t25 m366 s.mease [ cookie lady ] on 12/19/91

yield : 4 servings




nancy silverton 's olive bread

breads , sourdough

7 cup bread flour , 2 lb or more if needed
2 teaspoon raw wheat germ
2 teaspoon dried thyme , coarsely ground
1 1/3 cup nancy silverton 's starter or
1 1/3 cup yeast alternative
2 cup tap water , 70 degree
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup greek kalamata olives * plus
1 cup oil cured olives *
1 tablespoon active dry yeast

* pitted and roughly chopped .

yield : 2 servings




tips for making the perfect buttermilk biscui

breads , breakfast

1 good recipe for biscuits
1 light touch with dough

the perfect buttermilk biscuit thanks to eula mae dore , a great
southern cook from avery plantation , la. , i 've learned to make the
best buttermilk biscuits i 've ever had . eula mae says a good biscuit
is one of the best things to have on hand for quick meals . she uses
them in emergencies to make simple sandwiches filled with scraps of
ham or cheese and serves them with pickles and a small salad . for
dessert , she warms a biscuit or two and makes a shortcake with fresh
fruits or berries . she has convinced me that you ca n't have too many
biscuits on hand . eula mae learned to cook and bake from her
grandmother , not from cookbooks , and the artfulness of her
preparation was a joy to watch . here are some of her biscuit-making
tips : + first go out and replace your baking powder , unless you
bought it within the last four months . more baking flops occur from
old , tired baking powder than from any other cause . and do n't rely on
the old test of checking the freshness of baking powder by putting a
spoonful in a glass of water to see if it fizzes . baking powder , like
a carbonated drink , can fizz a little and still be almost flat .
buying new baking powder costs very little when you consider the cost
of baking failures . + next , eula mae insists that sifting the dry
ingredients four times is the reason her biscuits are perfect . i
tested the recipe sifting and not sifting and , indeed , sifting does
make a slightly higher , more tender biscuit . + after you cut the
biscuit dough , put the pieces on a baking sheet upside down . this
ensures a taller , lighter biscuit by making sure any edges crimped by
the pressure of the cutting do n't interfere with the rise . ( the
french use the same trick when making puff pastry . ) + the tip that
helped me the most was using less flour than usual . eula mae 's dough
was soft and sticky . she handled it gently , dusting her hands and the
dough with only enough flour to make the dough manageable . the result
was a lighter biscuit .

yield : 1 servings




roast beef & yorkshire pudding

breads , meats

4 lb rib roast
2 tablespoon oil
-- -- yorkshire pudding -- --
3/4 cup flour salt
3/4 cup milk
1 tablespoon milk
2 eggs

`` it used to be the custom to cook yorkshire pudding and the roast
beef in the same pan . although it is rarely done today , yorkshire
pudding still taste best if it is cooked in the fat that the meat has
been cooked in , so that it absorbed with meat juices . serve with
horseradish sauce . '' preheat the oven to 450f . place the beef fat side
up in the roasting pan and coat with oil . if you like your beef rare ,
it should cook for 1 1/4 hours and the meat thermometer should
register between 130f and 140f . if you prefer it medium to well done ,
it should cook for 1 1/2 hours and a meat thermometer should register
between 150f and 160f . baste the meat frequently while it is cooking .
meanwhile , prepare the batter for the yorkshire pudding . sift the
flour and salt into a mixing bowl . make a well in the centre and add
milk and the water gradually , beating well after each addition with a
wooden spoon .
in a separate bowl , beat the eggs until fluffy . add them to the
flour mixture . beat until bubbles rise to the surface . pour the
batter in a pitcher and refrigerate for 1/2 hour .
when the meat is cooked , remove it from the pan and place it on a
warm platter . cover with aluminum foil and let it stand 25 minutes
before carving .
reheat the batter and pour it quickly into the still hot cooking
pan . bake it in the oven for 10 minutes at 450f . then reduce the heat
to 350f and cook it an additional 15 minutes , until it is well risen
and has turned a golden brown . ( do not open the oven door while it is
cooking . ) serve immediately from the pan in which it has been cooked .
serves:6-8

yield : 1 servings




new york bialy 's

breads , jewish

2 cup warm ( 110 degree ) water
1 pkg yeast
2 teaspoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt
1 1/4 cup gluten flour
3 1/2 cup all purpose flour
-- -- topping -- --
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoon poppy seeds
1/3 cup minced onion
1/2 teaspoon salt

1. in large mixing bowl , combine 1/2 cup warm water , yeast , & sugar
and let stand until foamy , about 10 minutes . 2. mix remaining 1 1/2
cups warm water , salt , gluten flour , and all purpose flourinto yeast
mixture . knead on a flour surface ( or mixer ) until smooth . ( the dough
will be soft ) . 3 . place dough ball in a greased bowl , turn it around
and place with it 's greased side up . let rise , cover with plastic
until tripled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hrs . 4 . punch dough down , turn it
over , cover and let rise until doubled . 5 . punch dough down and roll
into 2 cylinders . cut each into 8 rounds . lay them flat , cover with a
towel and let rest . 6 . prepare toppingby mixing all topping
ingredients . set aside 7 . pat dough into flattened rounds ( a little
higher in middle ) . about 3 1/2 inches in diameter . place on lightly
floured board , cover with a dry towel and then a damp towel and let
rise until increased by about half in bulk . ( half proofed ) . takes
about 30 minutes . 8 . press bottom of small shot glass in center of
each bialy , to make deep indentation in bialy . let rise another 15
minutes . ( do not let them double ) . 9 . preheat oven to 425 degrees .
10 . put bialy 's on ungreased baking sheets . bake on upper and lower
shelves of the oven for 6 to 7 minutes , then switch pans and reverse
positions of pans ( front to back ) until bialy 's are evenly browned ,
about 5 to 6 minutes more . 11 . cool on racks . store bialys in a
plastic bag in fridge or freezer .

yield : 16 servings




sausage biscuits

breads , pork

-- -- solids -- --
1/2 lb sausage , cooked and drained
1 1/2 cup bisquick
4 oz grated cheddar cheese
1 ( about 1 cup )
-- -- liquids -- --
1 large egg
2 tablespoon milk
1/4 teaspoon salt

mix together bisquick and cheese , then add sausage .

mix liquids , then add to solid mixture . shape into small balls ,
flatten slightly . bake @ 350 degrees 20 minutes on ungreased cookie
sheet .

yield : 12 servings




shepherd 's bread

breads

1 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon salt
4 tablespoon butter
2 envelopes dry yeast
1 1/2 cup water
8 cup flour

scald the milk in a saucepan . cool slightly . stir in the sugar , yeast
and butter . cool . add the yeast to the warm water in a second bowl .
stir until the yeast is dissolved . add the cooled milk . stir . stir in
half the flour . beat until smooth . stir in enough additional flour to
make a soft dough . turn the dough out onto a well floured board .
knead until smooth and elastic ( 10 minutes or longer ) . place in a
greased bowl . turn to grease the top . let rise until doubled in bulk .
punch the dough down . let rest for 10 minutes . divide the dough into
loaves . shape each into a ball . set each ball on a greased baking
sheet . let rise until doubled in bulk . preheat the oven to 400
degrees . bake until the loaves sound hollow when tapped on the bottom
( about 20 minutes ) .

yield : 2 loaves




baked french toast ( ovo lacto )

breads , breakfast

2/3 cup cottage cheese , lowfat
1/4 cup skim milk
2 tablespoon sugar
1 large egg white
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 slice whole grain bread

: perheat the oven to 425 . in a food proscessor or blender ,
whirl the cottage cheese , milk , sugar , egg , egg white , & vanilla for
about 1 minute or until smooth . transfer the mixture to a shallow
dish , place the bread in it , and let stand for 10 minutes . turn the
bread over and let stand another 10 minutes . meanwhile , grease a
baking sheet & place it in the perheated oven for 7 minutes .
: remove the baking sheet from the oven , place the bread on it ,
and bake for 6 minutes . turn the bread over & bake 5 to 6 minutes .
turn the bread & bake 5 to 6 minutes longer or until golden brown .
: cal 149 , fat 3g , sodium 369mg , cholesterol 55mg , cal from fat 18 %
from : readers digest live longer cookbook
:

d/l from prodigy 12-14-94 . recipe collection of sue smith . 1.80

yield : 4 servings




saluf bi hilbeh ( flat bread with fenugreek & coriander pa

breads , yemani

1 pkg active dry yeast warm water
2 cup plain flour
2 cup wholemeal flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 oil or ghee
1 hilbeh

makes 12 loaves oven temperature : 260c ( 500f ) cooking time : 4
minutes each lot

soak yeast in 1/4 cup water and stir to dissolve .

sift flours into a mixing bowl , remove 1 cup flour and keep aside .

blend remaining water and salt into yeast liquid and pour into flour .
mix in a little of the flour to thicken liquid , cover and leave in a
warm place for 10-15 minutes until frothy . blend in remaining flour
in bowl , then beat by hand for 10 minutes , or on electric mixer using
dough hook for 5 minutes .

turn onto a floured board and knead in enough of the reserved flour
to make dough smooth and satiny . return to bowl , sprinkle top of
dough lightly with flour and stretch a sheet of plastic film over top
of bowl . leave in a warm place until doubled in bulk - about 30
minutes . preheat oven .

punch down dough and turn out on board . knead a little , then divide
into 12 equal portions . place a heavy flat griddle or baking sheet
on centre shelf in oven and heat for 10 minutes . grease with a wad
of paper towelling dipped in oil . roll out each portion to a 15 cm
( 6 inch ) round and prick with a fork . brush top lightly with oil and
spread on 1 teaspoon hilbeh . lift 2 loaves onto a lightly floured ,
flat-edged baking sheet or plywood board and slide onto heated
griddle or baking sheet .

bake in hot oven for 4 minutes . top may be lightly browned under a
hot grill . as breads are removed , wrap in a cloth to keep them warm
and soft . serve warm .

note : if breads begin to puff up during cooking , press top with a
folded cloth . breads should be bubbly , but should not form a pocket .

source : the complete middle east cookbook by tess mallos typographical
errors courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




beignets with chocolate & apricot sauce

breads

3/4 cup ; water
6 tablespoon butter , unsalted ; cut into slices
1 tablespoon sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup flour , sifted
3 large egg ; room temperature
1 oil , for shallow frying
1 sugar , powdered ; ( garnish )
-- -- bittersweet chocolate sauce -- --
4 oz chocolate , semi-sweet
1 oz chocolate , unsweetened
1/2 cup ; water
2 1/2 tablespoon butter , unsalted
1/2 cup sugar , powdered
-- -- apricot sauce -- --
1 cup apricot preserves
3 tablespoon apricot brandy ; or water

pour the water into a small , heavy saucepan , and add the butter ,
granu- lated sugar , and salt . bring to a rolling boil , at which time
the butter should be melted . add the flour all at once . lower the
heat , and cook , stirring constantly with a wooden spoon , for a minute
or two , until the mixture comes away from the sides of the pan .

remove the pan from the heat , and beat in the eggs , one at a time ,
incorporating each egg thoroughly before adding the next . continue
beating until thick and smooth . allow the mixture to cool while
heating the oil .

pour enough vegtable oil in a large skillet so that it is at least 1
inch deep . heat to 360 degrees .

drop the mixture by heaping teaspoonfuls into the hot oil , frying
only a few beignets at one time so that they are not crowded . fry for
about 4 to 5 minutes , or until they are crusty and a dark golden
brown , turning occasionally with a spoon so that they color evenly .

note : it is important that the fritters are crusty , if undercooked ,
they will deflate before being served .
using a 10-inch skillet , you should be able to fry 10 fritters at a
time ( one-third the mixture ) .

when they are sufficiently cooked , remove the fritters with a slotted
spoon , and drain on paper toweling . place successive batches in a 250
degree oven to keep hot while frying the remainder .

place the beignets on a heated serving platter , and dust the tops
generously with confectioner 's sugar put through a wire sieve . pass
the sauces separately .

chocolate sauce : chop the chocolates into coarse pieces and place in
the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water . add the
water , butter and sugar . stir occasionally until the chocolate is
melted and the mixture is well blended and smooth . remove from the
heat , but keep the sauce over hot water until ready to serve . it
should be served warm .

apricot sauce : turn the apricot preserves into a small saucepan . add
3 tablespoons of the brandy or water , and simmer , stirring , just until
thoroughly heated . add additional liquid , if necessary , to bring to a
sauce consistency . serve warm . note : if there are any large pieces
of fruit in the preserves , break them up while heating . submitted by
sam waring < sam.waring @ 382-91-12.ima.infomail.com > on wed , 01 nov
1995 111938 gmt

yield : 30 beignets




cheesy corn bread

breads , cheese , quick bread

1 cup unbleached flour
1 cup corn meal ; white or yellow
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon mustard ; dry
2 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded
1 each egg ; lg , slightly beaten
1 cup milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil

combine the dry ingredients , then stir in the cheddar cheese .
combine the egg with the milk and oil . stir into the cheddar
mixture , mixing until just moistened . pour the mixture into a
greased 9-inch square baking pan .
bake at 425 degrees f. for 20 minutes . cool slightly and cut into
squares , then serve warm .

yield : 6 servings




east texas corn bread

breads

1 cup yellow corn meal
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/3 cup flour
1 egg
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon bacon drippings

preheat oven to 400 degrees f .

place bacon drippings in skillet in oven while it is heating . the
skillet must be hot before batter is added .

in large mixing bowl , beat buttermilk and egg , then sift in dry
ingredients , mix well . from hot skillet , pour l/2 grease and mix
well . pour batter into skillet with remaining grease . this makes a
crisp crust , bake at 400 degrees f for approximately 30 minutes .

recipe : avis walker of saint christopher 's episcopal church , houston ,
texas
from somewhere in the sixies .

yield : 8 servings




rice crust for pizza

breads , pizza , rice

3 cup cooked brown rice
2 eggs ; beaten
1 cup grated mozzarella cheese

mix the rice with eggs and cheese . press into 10 '' pizza pan . bake
for 20 minutes at 450* . put on sauce and toppings of your choice ;
bake 10 minutes longer . protein : 45.4 grams ; calories : 1066

these are all from the _whole_foods_for_the_ _whole_family_cookbook_ .

from : sandra may refer # : none conf : ( 1010 ) f-cooking

yield : 1 servings




langos- hungarian fried bread

breads , ethnic , hungarian

200 gm flour
2 cooked , baked potato , mashed
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon oil
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup milk , lukewarm
1 cup oil , to fry

let the yeast grow in 1/2 cup of lukewarm sweetned milk for 10
minutes . add mixturte to the flour . add one tablespoon of oil . add
the mashed potatoes . add salt . add as much warm milk as needed to
make a soft bread dough . work the dough well , for at least 15
minutes , until smooth . on a warm place let it rise for one hour ( or
until doubled in bulk ) make little balls from the dough and then
flatten them in your hand by pulling it to the size of a large
saucer . fry then in hot oil . toppings : sour cream , or grated cheese ,
or feta cheese with fresh dill and sour cream . or if you like sweet
toppings , mashed strawberries with whipped cream , or vanilla custard ,
or apple sauce , etc . posted on *prodigy 's food and wine bulletin board
by janos korda ( dnpm90c )

yield : 4 servings




herb bread ( lerner )

breads

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1 3/4 cup white flour
1 pinch oregano
2 pinch parsley
3 pinch chives
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt

in a bowl , add yeast with the water . stir in 1 1/2 c flour , herbs ,
oil , sugar & salt . allow to rest for 15 minutes .

sprinkle 1/4 flour on a board & turn the dough onto it . knead gently ,
adding more flour if you need to . let rest for 10 minutes . knead
again for a short time .

place dough in a 3 3/4 '' x7 1/2 '' x2 '' aluminimum foil pan . allow to proof
for 20 minutes . preheat oven to 350f & bake for 40 to 50 minutes .
allow to cool in the pan for 5 minutes before turning out .

anne lerner , `` breads you would n't believe ''

yield : 1 servings




kiwifruit bread

breads

1/4 cup liquid honey
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1 egg
1 1/2 cup whole wheat
1 flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup raisins
1 cup chopped walnuts
1 cup kiwifruit pulp

( a moist loaf , low in fat and sugar )

( about 3 large )

beat honey , oil and egg well .

sift flour , spices and baking powder and salt and add
to oil mixture .

lightly stir in remaining ingredients .

spoon into 8-inch oiled loaf pan and bake at 350 f for
40-45 minutes .

allow to cool .

source : new zealand kiwifruit cookbook by jan bilton

yield : 6 servings




grandma 's donuts

breads , desserts

3/4 cup sugar
1/3 teaspoon salt
1 each egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 tablespoon lard or butter
2 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup buttermilk
1 cup powdered sugar

beat sugar , salt and egg together . add vanilla and fat , and cream
into sugar . in a separate bowl , combine flour , soda and buttermilk .
stir two mixtures together . place on floured surface and flatten to
1/4-inch . cut into 4-inch rounds and cut out 1-inch centers . drop
into hot oil in a skillet , and brown on each side . drain on paper
towels . coat warm donuts with powdered sugar , if desired . makes 1
batch .

yield : 12 servings




date nut loaf

breads , cakes , desserts

1 cup boiling water
1 cup chopped dates
1/2 stick unsalted butter
1/2 cup packed brown sugar ( dark )
1/4 cup white sugar
1 egg
1 3/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup coarsely chopped pecans

preheat oven to 350 . grease 8 x 4 '' loaf pan-line bottom with wax
paper . pour boiling water over dates -- let soften . with elec . mixer ,
or by hand , beat butter untill creamy in lge . bowl . gradually beat in
the sugars and cream well ; beat in the egg . beat in the dates and
their liquid ( at lowest speed ) .

sift together flour , salt , baking powder and soda and add gradually ,
on lowest speed to the creamed mixture ; stir in the nuts . turn into
greased loaf pan . bake in center of oven 45 min. , or until cake
tester inserted in middle of loaf comes out clean . cool loaf in pan
on rack for 10 min . and turn out on rack to cool . wrap airtight -- will
keep for at least a week , referigerated . longer storage , freeze .

yield : 1 servings




challah i

breads , jewish

2 1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon yeast ( active ) , dry ( one package )
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt ( optional )
1/4 cup oil
2 eggs , beaten
10 cup flour ( or less )
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon water

dissolve the yeast and sugar in lukewarm water ( 105 degrees f. ) . ( lukewarm
water feels neither hot nor cold when a drop is placed on your wrist . ) let
sit for 10 minutes to proof the yeast . if there are no bubbles in the
water after this time , the yeast is inactive and you should start over with
new yeast .

add the salt ( optional ) , oil , eggs and most of the flour to the 2 1/4 cups
of water . mix . place dough on floured board and knead for 5-10 minutes .

place dough in a clean bowl , brush some oil on the top ( optional ) and cover
the bowl with a towel . let rise in a warm place until doubled , about 1 1/2
hours .

punch the dough down and let rise until doubled again ( maybe another hour ) .

punch dough down and place onto floured board . form into two loaves . you
can make normal loaves , or you can cut the dough and braid ( with three or
six pieces per loaf ) , or you can make braided or un-braided rolls , or you
can roll the dough out until it 's about 1/4 inch thick and then spread
fried onions over it . place loaves into oiled pans .

cover pans and let rise for about 30 minutes . ( skip this step if you 've
rolled the dough out and covered with onions . )

mix the egg yolk with about 1 tablespoon of water . brush loaves with this
mixture . ( again , skip this if you 've rolled the dough out . ) bake at 400
degrees f. for 20 minutes , then lower heat to 350 degrees f. and bake for
40 additional minutes . if you are making rolls , you probably need to bake
for a total of 20-25 minutes .

you can add poppy or sesame seeds to the dough , or you can sprinkle the
seeds on top . this bread is traditionally made with white flour , but is
still good if made with all or part whole wheat flour . i think its good
taste comes from the oil and eggs in the dough .

notes :

* challah is a traditional jewish bread that is part of many festivals ,
including sabbath dinners and weddings . for making a wedding loaf , this
recipe can be doubled and used to make one braided loaf . it will fill up
the entire oven , and you will have to find a cookie sheet big enough to put
the loaf on . yield : 2 loaves .

: difficulty : easy , as bread goes .
: time : preparation : 3-5 hours ( including rising ) ; baking : 1 hour .
: precision : measure ingredients carefully .

: aviva garrett
: santa cruz , california
: excelan , inc. , san jose , calif. , usa
: ucbvax ! mtxinu ! excelan ! aviva

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




bobalky

breads , ethnic

1 tablespoon butter
1 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup water , lukewarm
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
7 cup flour , all purpose , sifted
2 cup milk , scalded

into a mixing bowl , place butter , sugar , and salt . add scalded milk ;
let cool until lukewarm . add yeast dissolved in water . add enough
flour to make a soft elastic dough . turn onto a floured board and
knead . place in a greased bowl and let rise until double in bulk ( 1
to 1 1/2 hours ) in a warm place , free from drafts . punch dough down
with fingertips and let rise again ( about 45 minutes ) . toss lightly
on floured board , knead , and shape into a roll ( like a pipe ) about
1/2 inch in diameter . place on cookie sheet . cut with edge of
teaspoon into small pieces and let rise for 10 minutes . bake at 375-f
for 15 minutes or until lightly brown . when cool , break and place in
collander . pour boiling water over bobalky . place on serving dish ,
mix with poppy seed and melted butter , and serve .
poppy seed ( 1/2 cup ) should be ground and cooked in 3/4 cup
water for 10 minutes . boil 3 cups milk and 1 cup sugar and mix with
poppy seed .
instead of using sugar in poppy seed mixture , honey may be used ,
poured over the bobalky .
if your family is small , divide the above dough into two
portions , bake bobalky from one portion , and a loaf of bread from the
other .

yield : 4 servings




bohemian apple waffles

breads , breakfast , pancakes

1 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 egg yolks
1 cup milk
1/4 cup cooking oil
1 cup apple , peeled -- chopped
2 egg whites
1 maple syrup
1 butter or margarine
1 fresh fruit -- optional

in a mixing bowl , combine flour , sugar , baking powder , cinnamon and
salt . in another bowl , beat egg yolks slightly . beat in milk and
cooking oil . add the egg yolk mixture to the flour mixture all at
once . stir just until combined , but still slightly limpy . stir in the
chopped apple . in a small bowl , beat egg whites until stiff peaks
form ( peaks will stant straight . ) gently fold beaten egg whites into
batter , leaving a few fluffs of egg white . do not overmix . pour some
of the batter onto grids of a preheated lightly greased waffle baker .
close lid quickly . do not open during baking . bake according to
manufacturer 's directions . when done , use a fork to lift waffle off
grid . repeat with remaining batter . serve with warm maple syrup and
butter . top with fresh fruit , if you like.= - - - - - - - - - - - - -
~ - - - -

notes : recipe from therese suess of luxemburg , wisconsin . mc
formatting by bobbi744 @ sojourn.com recipe by
: midwest living magazine , june '95

yield : 4 servings




bread making ( lesson four of four )

breads

1 ( in which we get a little
1 fancy )

first , let 's review the basic recipe for one loaf of `` plain '' white
bread --

3 c all-purpose flour 1 pkg yeast 1 1/4 c liquid ( water or
milk ... milk recommended ) 1 egg ( optional but recommended ) an egg can
be added for extra flavor and nutrition ; it softens the crust and
gives the interior a finer crumb . 1 teaspoon salt ( optional but
recommended ) 1 tablespoon sugar ( optional but recommended )

mix about three minutes until dough does not stick to floured fingers .
knead for no less than 10 minutes ; cover with towel and let it rise
in a warm ( 75 - 80 f ) place for about an hour , or until it has about
doubled in size ; punch it down ; let it rest about 15 minutes ; place
in greased bread pan ; cover ; let it rise about another hour ; bake at
400 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes or until it sounds `` hollow '' when
thumped ; remove from pan ; let cool .

to make 2 loaves , simply double everything except the yeast .

now , for a couple of variations on a theme :

rye bread -- instead of 3 cups of all-purpose flour , use 2 cups of
all- purpose and 1 cup of rye flour ( available at a health food
store ) ... add 2 tablespoons of caraway seed to the dough ... use
buttermilk instead of plain milk or water ... add 1/3 cup of light
molasses to the dough ... omit the sugar ... the egg is still
optional ... instead of baking in a bread pan , shape into a round ball
and bake on a lightly greased cookie sheet . reduce the baking
temperature to 350 degrees ... baking time may be 5 - 10 minutes
longer ... ( one loaf ) .

whole wheat bread -- increase sugar to 1 1/2 tablespoons ... use 1 1/2
cups of all-purpose flour and 2 cups of whole-wheat flour ... use milk
instead of water ... add 1/4 cup of butter or margarine ... add 1/2 cup
molasses ... the egg is still optional . the method is the same except
the baking time may be 5 - 10 minutes longer .

for the above two variations , do not be tempted to use all rye flour
or all whole-wheat flour . those flours do not have enough gluten in
them for proper rising action , so you must use some all-purpose
flour , otherwise your finished product will be very heavy and close
textured .

for high-altitude baking ( above 5,000 feet ) , use 1/2 the yeast . yeast
dough rises faster at high altitudes .

a `` perfect '' loaf of bread should :

o have a well-browned , evenly rounded top o have a soft and moist
interior , easily pulled apart o have a uniform color o have an even
texture -- holes are small and uniform in size from top to bottom

to keep bread fresh , wrap each cooled loaf in foil or plastic wrap ,
or seal in a plastic bag ; store in a cool , dry cupboard or bread box .
bread may be stored in the refrigerator but it goes stale more
quickly .

bread keeps in the freezer for up to 3 months if tightly wrapped in
foil , heavy-duty plastic wrap , or freezer wrap , or sealed in plastic
bags . always make sure to press out as much air as possible .

well , that 's about it , li'l buckaroos . do n't be afraid to experiment
~ add raisins , nuts , cheese , finely diced and lightly sauteed onions ,
or anything else you can think of to the dough . add green food
coloring for st. patrick 's day ! add a squid or two ... play around
with using different liquids ... a friend of mine recently told me she
was baking a cake and ran out of milk , so she substituted baby
formula ... said it was the best cake she 'd ever made ! play around with
different shapes ... knots , pinwheels , crescents , rolls , etc . use your
imagination ! make a heart-shaped loaf of bread for valentine 's day or
a birthday ! tell us about your successes , give your not-so-valiant .

bread from scratch -- lesson four

yield : 4 servings




winter squash herb bread

breads , seasonings

1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup butter or margarine
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking yeast warm water
3 cup unbleached flour
2 eggs ; lightly beaten
1 cup finely chopped fresh sage or- dried ; sage
1 tablespoon finely chopped dill weed ; or- dried dill weed
4 garlic cloves ; crushed
1 teaspoon salt

combine the milk , butter , and sugar in a small saucepan and heat ,
stirring , until the butter is melted . remove from heat and set aside .

in a large mixing bowl , dissolve the yeast in the warm water . add 2
cups of flour and the eggs , squash , sage , dill , garlic , and salt . mix
slightly to combine ingredients . when the milk mixture has cooled to
lukewarm , stir it in with the rest of the ingredients to form a
sticky ball .

add the remaining flour 1/3 cup at a time , mixing to moisten each
addition , until the dough becomes smooth . it will be wet and slightly
sticky . cover your hands with a little flour , turn the dough out onto
a lightly floured surface , and knead briefly .

form the dough into a ball and place in a lightly greased loaf pan .
it can also be divided into small balls to make dinner rolls ( place
on a lightly greased cookie sheet or in a muffin tin ) . cover with
plastic wrap and let rise until the dough has more than doubled ,
about 1 to 1-1/2 hours . while the dough is rising , preheat oven to
275 degrees f .

place the risen dough in the oven and bake until the top is golden
brown and the sides are slightly brown , an hour or 70 minutes . check
the sides by pulling the bread out of the pan . when done , cool bread
on a wire rack , then serve or wrap and refrigerate .

* source : dan nicklas in the herb companion , october/november 1993 *
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 servings




simple orange muffins

breads , vegetarian

1 large orange
1 oz tofu
3/4 cup sugar ; ( less if desired )
3 tablespoon oil
1/2 cup water or orange juice
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 teaspoon salt

preheat the oven to 350 degrees f .

finely grate the zest from the orange . squeeze out and strain the
orange 's juice . set zest and juice aside .

in a bowl , thoroughly mash the tofu with the sugar , or blend together
with an electric mixer . mix in the finely grated orange zest and
juice from the orange , oil , and water ( or additional orange juice ) .

in a large bowl , sift together the flour , baking soda , cream of
tartar and salt . blend in the orange juice mixture . spoon batter
into muffin pans , filling each cup about 2/3 full . bake for about 15
minutes , or until muffins are starting to brown very lightly , and
toothpick inserted in center comes out clean .

karen 's notes : i always use tofu as an egg-replacer in baked goods ,
with excellent results . it may only be luck , or coincidence , so if
you do n't have a piece of tofu handy , try omitting it .

these muffins are pretty sweet , so you may want to decrease the
amount of sugar used . the sugar does seem to act as a humectant
though , so the muffins will stay a little moister in storage if you
use more sugar .

from the kitchen of karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




whole wheat apple-raisin bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
1 1/8 cup whole wheat flour ( 5 1/4 oz )
1 1/8 cup bread flour ( 5 1/4 oz )
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup apple sauce ( 2 oz )
1/4 cup raisins ( 1 1/2 oz )
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2/3 cup water
1 teaspoon dry yeast

bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except liquids
and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close cover
and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat bake
mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




gingerbread scones

breads , breakfast

2 cup flour
3 tablespoon brown sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 cup butter
1 beaten egg yolk
1/3 cup molasses
1/4 cup milk
1 slightly beaten egg white
1 coarse sugar ( optional )
1 recipe nutmeg whipped cream
-- -- for the nutmeg whipped cream -- -
1/2 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg

for the scones :

in a large mixing bowl , combine the flour , brown sugar , baking powder ,
ground ginger , baking soda , salt and cinnamon . using a pastry cutter ,
cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . make a
well in the center .
in a small mixing bowl , stir together the egg yolk , molasses , and
milk ; add all at once to the center of the flour mixture . with a
fork , stir until combined ( mixture may seem dry ) .

turn dough onto a lightly floured surface . quicly knead dough for
10-12 strokes or until nearly smooth . pat of lightly roll dough into
a 7 '' circle . cut into 8 wedges . arrange wedges on an ungreased baking
sheet about 1 inch apart . brush with egg white and sprinkle with
coarse sugar if desired .

bake at 400f for 12-15 minutes or till lightly brown . cool scones on
a wire rack for 20 minutes . serve warm with nutmeg whipped cream if
desired .

nutritional info per serving : 223 calories ; 7 gm total fat ( 4 gm sat .
fat ) ; 43 mg chol ; 286 mg sodium ; 37 gm carbo ; 1 gm fiber ; 4 gm pro .

to freeze : cool scones completely and wrap tightly in foil ; place in
freezer bags . freeze for up to 3 months . place frozen , foil-wrapped
scones in a 300f oven and heat for 15-20 minutes or until warm ( 10-15
minutes if thawed ) .

for the nutmeg whipped cream :

in a chilled small mixer bowl , combine all of the ingredients . beat
with chilled beaters of an electric mixer on medium speed until soft
peaks form . serve immediately or cover and chill until needed , up to
2 hours . makes 1 cup .

nutritional info per 2 tbsp : 58 calories ; 6 gm total fat ( 3 gm sat
fat ) ; 20 mg chol ; 6 mg sodium ; 2 gm carbo ; 0 gm fiber ; 0 gm prot .

source : beter homes and gardens magazine , feb. 1995 typed in mm
format by linda fields , cyberealm bbs 315-786-1120

yield : 8 servings




jan 's german apple cake - pjxg05a

breads , fruits , ethnic , german

1 cup sugar
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup oat bran
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon allspice
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 granny smith apples ; chop
1/2 cup golden raisins

preheat oven to 350 deg . spray loaf pan with pam or other veg . spray .
in one small bowl ; beat together eggs , veg . oil and vanilla . mix
together all dry ingredients in a large bowl . add liquid ingredients
to dry and mix well . fold in chopped apples , walnuts , and raisins .
spoon into loaf pan until half full . bake in preheated oven for 50-60
mins . check center with toothpick to see if done . remove and cool on
wire rack .

one of my dearest friends gave me this recipe . judy garnett/pjxg05a
raleigh , nc

yield : 8 servings




rice flour yeast bread

breads

3 cup rice flour
10 tablespoon potato starch flour ( 5/8 cup
2 pkg dry yeast ( 2 tb )
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup dry milk
1/4 cup instant mashed potatoes
2 cup very hot tap water
1/4 cup soft butter or margarine
4 eggs , beaten

1 . sift together flours . measure 2 cups into large mixer bowl . add
dry yeast , sugar , salt , baking powder , and dry milk . mix thoroughly .

2 . combine instant mashed potatoes and hot tap water ; whip lightly
with a fork .

3 . add potato mixture and soft butter to dry ingredients in mixer
bowl . beat 3 minutes on medium speed .

4 . add remaining flour and eggs ; beat 3 minutes on medium speed .
mixture will be like thick cake batter .

5 . leave batter in bowl ; cover and let rise in warm place for 1 hour .
batter will rise about 2 '' depending on size of bowl .

6 . beat just enough to remove large gas bubbles .

7 . preheat oven to 325 f .

8 . grease two 9 x 5 loaf pans . pour batter into pans ; cover and let
rise 30 minutes .

9 . bake 30 to 35 minutes until lightly browned . especially good
toasted .

source : gluten intolerance , a resource including recipes the food
sensitivity series , the american dietetic assoc . 1985 isbn
0-88091-013-5 216 west jackson boulevard , suite 800 chicago , illinois
60606-6995 ( 312 ) 899-0040

recipes are wheat-free but not all gluten-free . no nutrition info .
other books in the series are lactose intolerance and food
sensitivity . appendix 1 - packaged food allowed on a modified gluten
diet appendix 2 - food company addresses for product information
appendix 3 - addresses for am . celiac society , gulten intolerance
group and midwestern celiac-sprue assoc . appendix 4 - addresses for
distributors of gluten-free products . appendix 5 ~ additional
literature on food sensitivity and allergy . appendix 6 - suggested
cookbooks ( 11 ) for the food sensitive individual .

yield : 2 servings




biga di grano duro ( durum flour biga )

breads , italian , bakery

1/2 teaspoon dried yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 cup water at room temperature
2 1/4 cup golden durum flour

stir the yeast into the warm water in a large bowl & let proof for 10
minutes . add the rest of the water & the flour 1 c at a time , mixing
vigorously after each addition . continue to mix for about 6 minutes .
the mixture will clear the sides of the bowl but remain soft &
sticky . cover with plastic wrap & leave to rise at room temperature
for 24 hours . the starter will triple in volume & then collapse a
little . cover & refrigerate until ready to use . to use the biga ,
scoop out the needed amount while it is still cold & has n't begun to
grow & expand at room temperature . note : ensure that you use golden
durum flour & not durum integrale which contains the whole husk of
the wheat berry & is not right for this recipe .

yield : 2 cups




sata andagi ( okinawan doughnuts )

breads , okinawan

1 salad oil for deep frying
4 eggs
3/4 cup milk
3/4 teaspoon vanilla
4 cup flour
2 cup sugar
3 1/2 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt

in a skillet , heat oil to 350 f. in a large bowl , beat eggs , milk ,
and vanilla . sift flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . add to egg
mixture ; stir until dry ingredients are moistened and dough is
smooth . drop teaspoonfuls of dough into the hot oil ; fry until golden
brown and doughnuts rise to the surface . makes
4 dozen .

demonstrated by bea shimabukuro of hui makaala

okinawan recipes - september 1995

reprinted with permission from : the electric kitchen & hawaiian
electric company , inc .

[ meal-master compatible format by karen mintzias ]

yield : 48 pieces




slovak doughnuts

breads , cakes , desserts , ethnic

1 pkg yeast
1/2 cup sugar
1 pint scalded , cooled milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
7 cup flour ( approx )
1 teaspoon salt
4 each egg yolks
1/4 lb butter
1 each egg
1/2 single grated rind , lemon or orang

dissolve yeast in lukewarm milk . add 2 cups of flour . let stand in
warm place 30 minutes . beat egg yolks , egg , sugar , vanilla , rind
( grated rind of 1/2 lemon or 1/2 orange ) and salt until light . add
this to the yeast mixture . melt butter and mix in , then add remaining
flour . cover and let rise one hour or until double in bulk . when
light , turn on floured board and pat with hands till dough is half an
inch thick . cut with a doughnut cutter , cover and let rise again
until light . drop in hot fat and fry till done .

yield : 12 servings




rice batter bread i

breads , yeast , no-gluten

4 1/2 cup am brown rice flour
1 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
2 cup warm water or soymilk
2 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil
1 tablespoon active yeast

combine rice flour , salt and baking powder . in a separate bowl ,
combine remaining ingredients and let set until bubbly . sprinkle
water on the bottom of a 5 '' x 9 '' loaf pan and place a piece of wax
paper so that it sticks to the bottom , then oil and flour the sides .
combine both mixtures and pour into pan . bake for one hour at 375 f .
loaf should be lightly brown on top . leave in pan until cool and cut
with wax paper still in place .

source : arrowhead mills `` recipes for special dietary needs '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 1 5x9 '' loaf




zucchini bread-hilda tuccillo

breads

4 eggs
1 cup golden raisins
2 cup granulated sugar
1 cup vegetable oil
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour , unsifted ,
1 unbleached
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt* ( see note )
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup grated , unpeeled , zucchini
1 teaspoon vanilla , if desired
1 cup walnuts , chopped

beat eggs , then gradually beat in sugar . then add oil gradually also .
combine all dry ingredients and add to first mix . stir in raisins ,
walnuts , then vanilla . turn into greased and lightly floured loaf
pans 9 x 5 x 2 3/4 . bake on lowest rack in oven at 350f degrees for
55 minutes or until loaf tests done with clean toothpick . remove from
oven , let stand in pan on wire rack for 10 minutes . then remove from
pan to allow to cool further .

*note : my mother said she uses only 3/4 teaspoon of salt and it is
still tasty .

recipe from : hild tuccillo via my aunt grace byrne , and my mother ,
henrietta trescher .

posted by bobbie beers 3/95

yield : 2 loaves




new york crumb buns

breads

2 yeast
1/3 cup warm water
1/4 lb butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon honey
1 egg
2 egg yolks
4 cup flour
1/2 cup milk
-- -- crumb topping -- --
1/4 cup almond paste
1 tablespoon egg white
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 lb butter
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup flour

dissolve the yeast in the water . beat the butter until creamy , then
beat in the sugar , salt , honey , egg and egg yolks . beat in half of
the flour , then the milk , then the remaining flour . set aside in a
warm place to rise until doubled . deflate the dough , then divide into
24 pieces . shape the pieces into 2-inch squares and set on an
18x24-inch baking sheet which has been lined with buttered parchment
or foil . brush with milk and sprinkle crumbs over the tops and sides
of the buns . cover and let rise until doubled . bake at 400f for 20
minutes . mix the almond paste and egg white until smooth . add the
remaining ingredients in order and mix until smooth . chill , then
break into coarse crumbs . this recipe was adapted from `` modern pastry
chef '' by william j. sultan . nick malgieri
prodigy service guest chef

yield : 12 servings




pretzels ( soft )

breads

1 cake yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
4 cup flour
1 large egg , beaten
1 course salt

dissolve yeast in warm water , add salt and sugar . blend in flour and
knead until smooth . as soon as kneaded cut into small pieces and
roll each into a rope . twist rope in shape and place pretzels on
paper lined cookie sheet . brush with beaten egg and sprinkle
generously with course salt . bake a 425 for 12-15 minutes or until
browned .

yield : 6 servings




glazed cinnamon loaf

breads

1 pkg ( 5/16-oz ) yeast
1 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon cinnamon
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon margarine
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon dry milk
7/8 cup water
-- -- glaze -- --
1/2 cup powdered sugar
2 teaspoon milk

serve hot , as a dessert bread or for a fancy brunch
put all ingredients in the order given into the bread pan , select
white bread , and push start .
after bread is cooled , blend powdered sugar with milk . drizzle
over loaf . note : enjoy the lovely aroma of this bread while it 's
baking and the sweet , spicy taste when it 's done . serve hot , as a
desert bread , or for a fancy brunch . the perfect companion for fresh
fruit and poached eggs . makes 1 loaf , 8 slices . each slice : 164
calories ; 1 gm dietary fiber , less than 1 gm soluble fiber ; 33 gm
carbohydrates ; 4 gm protein ; 2 gm fat ( 1 % calories from fat ) ; less
than 1 mg cholesterol ; 269 mg sodium ; 69 mg potassium ; 28 mg calcium .

yield : 1 servings




pineapple upside-down loaf

breads , holiday

8 oz pineapple rings , drained
4 maraschino cherries , halved
2 pkg coffee cake mix ( 10.5 ozs . each )
2 eggs
1 cup milk , divided

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. generously butter the bottom and sides
of an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch loaf pan . cut pineapple rings in half . place
4 pineapple-ring halves decoratively on the bottom of the prepared
pan , and the remaining 4 halves standing along the long side of the
pan . place cherry halves , cut-side-down , in the center indentations
of the pineapple-halves . sprinkle bottom and sides of the pan with 1
1/2 packets of the crumb mixture from coffee-cake mix . discard
remaining crumb mixture . prepare bags of coffee-cake mix with eggs as
package directs , but use the milk instead of water called for .
squeeze batter from both bags gently over streusel , pineapple , and
cherries . let stand 10 minutes . tap pan gently on counter to release
any air bubbles . bake 40 to 50 minutes , or until a wooden pick
inserted in the center comes out clean . let cool on a wire rack for
20 minutes . with a long , serrated knife , cut the top of the bread
level with the top of the pan . invert bread onto a serving plate
while warm . to serve , cut with a sharp ( not serrated ) knife .

yield : 1 loaf preparation time : 10 minutes baking time : 40 to 50
minutes

recipe from : parnets magazine , november 1986

yield : 6 servings




peanut butter chocolate chip breads

breads

3 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon unsalted butter , softened
1 1/2 cup chunk-style peanut butter
1 cup firmly packed light brown su
2 each large eggs
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 cup miniature chocolate chips

this recipe can be used to make mini-muffins or mini-loaves . into a
bowl sift together the flour , the baking powder , the baking soda , and
the salt . in a large bowl with an electric mixer cream together the
butter , the peanut butter , and the brown sugar and beat in the eggs ,
1 at a time . beat in the buttermilk and beat the mixture until it is
combined well . add the flour mixture , beat the batter until it is
just combined , and stir in the chocolate chips . divide the batter
among 5 buttered and floured loaf pans , each 5 3/4 by 3 1/4 by 2
inches , and bake the breads in the middle of a preheated 350 oven for
40 to 45 minutes , or until a tester comes out clean . remove the
breads from the pans and let them cool , right sides up , on a rack .
the breads keep , wrapped well in plastic wrap and foil , chilled for 1
week or frozen for 1 month . makes 5 small loaves .

yield : 25 servings




cream scones

breads , quick bread

4 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
8 teaspoon baking powder
2 eggs , beaten
1 cup heavy cream
1 cup milk
1 milk for brushing tops
1 sugar for sprinkling

fat grams per serving : approx . cook time : 15mn combine
flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . stir

in another bowl , beat eggs until frothy . add to flour mixture along
with cream and milk . stir until a soft ball of dough is formed . turn
out on a lightly floured surface . knead 8 - 10 times . pat or roll 1
inch thick . cut with round cookie cutter . arrange on an ungreased
cookie sheet ( close together for soft sides and 1 inch apart for crip
sides ) . brush tops with milk and sprinkle with sugar . bake 425f for
15 minutes until risen and browned . source : company 's coming !

yield : 24 servings




estelle 's broccoli puff

breads , cheese

20 oz frozen broccoli
1 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1 1/2 cup milk
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 to 1 cup bisquick
1/2 cup butter ( softened )

blend milk , eggs , salt and butter .

add bisquick , then add cheese

add broccoli , half cooked

bake at 350 for 1 hour or until cooked .

from : estelle shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




kfc biscuits

breads , biscuits , dressings

2 cup self-rising flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 cup milk
1/3 cup mayo

combine flour , sugar , milk and mayo into smooth dough .
divide batter equally between 10 paper-lined cupcake
wells and bake 350~ about 30 minutes or until golden
brown .

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




flaky cheese twists

appetizers , breads

2 1/2 cup instant flour ( wondra )
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter , chilled > > > > >
1 cut into bits .
1/2 cup ice water , or as needed
1 cup cheddar cheese , fine grate
1 teaspoon paprika ( med-hot if avail . )
3/4 teaspoon coarse ( kosher or sea ) salt
2 tablespoon dry bread crumbs , fine
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

whisk together the flour and 1 ts . salt thoroughly . add the butter
bits and , using your fingers or pastry blender , blend into flaky
mixture . sprinkle ice water gradually and mix lightly with a fork .
add just enough water to make the dough bits adhere to each other ;
do n't overmix . form dough into brick , wrap in plastic , and chill for
at least 1 hr or as long as 12 hrs .

when ready to bake the twists , halve the pastry , return one-half to
'fridge , and roll remaining half on lightly floured surface to make
rectangle 8 x 12 '' . turn pastry so that a long side faces you and
brush off all surplus flour , then fold pastry like a book where the
ends meet at the center . roll folded pastry out again , this time to
an oblong 7 x 10 '' . stop at any point and refigerate dough if it
becomes too soft . dough must remain cold .

cover large baking sheet with wax paper and sprinkle lightly with
flour . lay pastry on paper and roll out to 9 x 12 '' . chill . roll and
fold second half of pastry . chill both halves , uncovered , for 30 min .
or cover loosely and chill up to 12 hrs . combine cheese , papprika ,
coarse salt , and bread crumbs in a bowl . beat egg with 1 tbs . water
in another bowl . preheat oven to 400 f .

slide one sheet of dough , on its wax paper , onto the work surface .
brush lightly with egg mixture and sprinkle with 1/4 cup of cheese
mixture , pressing into surface . cover with sheet of wax paper and
turn dough over . peel off wax paper from top , then coat surface with
egg and another 1/4 of cheese mixture , pressing it in as before .

quarter sheet of dough ( pastry wheel or pizza cutter ) , then cut each
quarter into strips 1/2 '' wide and 4 '' long . twist each strip to pencil
thinness ( they will lengthen as you twist ) and place them 1/2 '' apart
on ungreased baking sheet . press ends of twists onto pan to prevent
unrolling .

bake abt . 10 min. , until the sticks are golden brown , then remove to
racks to cool . when cool , trim off any unsightly flattened ends .
repeat forming and baking proceedure for the second half of the
dough . store airtight for up to 2 wks in the 'fridge or 1 wk . at room
temp . baked twists may be frozen . however stored , they improve with
brief warming before serving . yield : 5 dozen sticks

yield : 1 servings




bread cakes

breads , cakes

1 egg yolk
3/4 cup milk
3/4 cup water
2 1/2 cup dry bread crumbs
1 egg white
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon melted shortening

soak dry bread in water until soft . squeeze as dry as possible . then
crumble and measure . beat egg yolk , add milk , water , bread crumbs ,
and shortening . sift flour , measure , and sift with salt and baking
powder . add to first mixture . mix thoroughly . fold in stiffly
beaten egg white . drop by tablespoonfuls on hot griddle . bake until
well browned on both sides . 12 servings . mrs. j.e . lewis , brockton ,
mt .

yield : 2 servings




corn pone

breads

1/4 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
2 each eggs
1 cup milk ; sweet
3/4 cup corn meal
1 3/4 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

cream shortening and sugar . add eggs beaten , milk . sift corn meal ,
flour together with baking powder and salt . bake about 20 minutes .

note : temperature not give , assume a moderate 350 - 400 f. oven .

source : mrs. j. l. powell , robertsville grange , stark county , oh

yield : 1 servings




wheat germ & oatmeal cookies

biscuits

3/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup cane or sorghum molasses
2 eggs , beaten
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup raisins or 1/2 c. ea . chopped nuts ; and raisins
1 1/2 cup wheat germ
2 cup rolled oats
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup dry milk powder

combine the first seven ingredients in a large bowl . sift in the
remaining ingredients . stir until well blended . drop batter from a
teaspoon ( or larger spoon ) onto a greased cookie sheet . bake at 350 f
for 10-12 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




breakfast cake

breads , breakfast

3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon shortening ; melted
1 cup milk
1 each egg ; slightly beaten

sift dry ingredients together . add shortening , milk , and egg . spread
1/2-inch think in greased pan . add this top mixture : 2 t flour , 1 t
cinnamon , 5 t sugar mixed together and 3 t. butter rubbed in . bake
about
30 minutes in moderate oven .

note : exact temperature not give . moderate oven 350 - 400 f. source :
mrs. raymond iden , dan emmett grange , knox county , oh

yield : 1 servings




baby routh 's rosemary muffins with goat chees

breads , herbs

3/4 cup milk
3/4 cup golden raisins
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
1/4 cup unsalted butter
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
8 tablespoon goat cheese

rosemary , golden rasins , and a creamy goat cheese center make these
muffins taste so special . carla wood , sous chef and butcher at baby
routh in dallas serves them with wild game , lamb , or pork dishes or
with a festive luncheon salad .

directions : =========== simmer milk , raisins , and rosemary in a small
saucepan for 2 minutes . remove from heat , add butter and stir until
melted . let cool .

mix dry ingredients in a large bowl . beat egg into cooked milk
mixture . add to dry ingredients and mix lightly just until dry
ingredients are moistened . spoon 1/3 of the batter into 12 greased
muffin cups . place 2 teaspoons of goat cheee in center of batter in
each cup . cover cheese with remaining batter , dividing among each of
the muffins . bake approximately 20 minutes in a preheated 350 degree
f oven , or until brown and springy in the center .

serve muffins hot or cool . if desired , a 3/4-inch cube of cream
cheese may be substituted for goat cheese . without cheese , muffins
are still delicious !

* source : the herb garden cookbook , by lucinda hutson * typed for you
by karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




leftover rice muffins

breads , rice

1 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 tablespoon brown sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 eggs
2/3 cup skim milk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
1 cup cooked brown rice

contributed to the echo by : boyd naron leftover rice muffins stir
first three ingredients together . beat remaining ingredients ,
stirring rice in last . combine two mixtures just until moistened .
spoon into 12 muffin cups . bake at 440 degrees for 20 minutes .

127 ea 27 calories per serving .

yield : 12 servings




100 % whole wheat bread

breads

2/3 cup water
1 tablespoon sugar
2/3 cup shortening
1/2 cup molasses
12 cup whole wheat flour
3 pkg yeast
8 cup scalded milk
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon salt

dissolve yeast in 2/3 c water while your milk is cooling . dissolve 1
cup sugar in the hot milk . stir all ingredients in large bowl , turn
out and knead about 5 minutes , adding flour if needed . knead about 5
minutes . let rise until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours .
knead down and shape into 6 loaves , let rise until doubled in pans .
bake at 375 degrees f. for 40 minutes . turn out on wire rack and let
cool to cold before slicing , if you can . note : raisins and/or walnuts
can be added for a change . also this bread freezes well .

yield : 6 servings




raisin bran muffins ww

breads , fruits

3 oz cereal , bran flakes w/raisin
1 1/2 cup flour , whole wheat
1/4 cup sugar , granulated
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup milk , skim
6 tablespoon margarine , unsalted melted
1 eggs beaten

preheat oven to 400f . combine cereal , flour , sugar and baking powder ,
using a fork . combine milk , margarine and egg ; add to dry mixture ,
and use a fork to combine ~ do not overmix or beat . spray muffins
tins with cooking spray , divide batter amoung cups and bake for 15 -
20 minutes , until browned or toothpick comes out clean . remove to
rack and cool .

weight watcher exchanges : 1 bread , 1-1/2 fat , 35 optional calories

nutritional analysis per serving : 153 calories , 4 g .
protein , 7 g. fat , 21 g. carbohydrates , 89 mg .
calcium , 171 mg. sodium , 23 mg. cholesterol .

calories from fat : 39 %

original recipe from weight watchers `` quick start plus program ''
cookbook . conversion by rick weissgerber .
[ genie d.weissgerbe ]

yield : 12 servings




mom 's soft raisin cookies

biscuits

1 cup water
2 cup raisins
1 cup shortening
1 3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs , lightly beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

combine raisins and water in a small saucepan ; bring to a boil . cook
for 3 minutes ; remove from the heat and let cool ( do not drain ) . in a
mixing bowl , cream shortening ; gradually add sugar . add eggs and
vanilla . combine dry ingredients ; gradually add to creamed mixture
and blend thoroughly . stir in nuts and raisins . drop by teaspoonfuls
2 in . apart on greased baking sheets . bake at 350 ! for 12-14 minutes .
yield : about 6 dozen .

from the files of al rice , north pole alaska . feb 1994

yield : 1 servings




filo pastry

breads , greek

2 2/3 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 cornstarch , for dusting pastry boar ; d

sift flour and salt into bowl . gradually add water to make a stiff
dough . turn onto pastry board .

place the oil in a bowl and spread a little of it on the palms of your
hands . knead the dough , gradually adding more oil until you have a
smooth , elastic ball . roll the ball of dough in the remaining oil to
cover all sides . place in a bowl , cover with a cloth , and allow to
stand in a warm place for about 2 hours .

divide the dough into 10 parts and roll to 1/4-inch thickness on a
pastry board dusted with cornstarch . cover with a cloth and let set
for 10 minutes .

cover a table or counter top with a smooth cloth and lift rolled
dough onto it . put your hands , palms down , under the dough and gently
stretch the dough with the backs of your hands , working your way
around the table until the dough is stretched as thin as tissue
paper . for moist filo , using scissors , cut dough immediately into
desired size pieces ; if you prefer dry filo , allow it to stand for
about 10 minutes before cutting .

yields 10 12x16-inch sheets .

source : rodale 's naturally delicious desserts and snacks , by faye
martin , 1978 .

shared by june hoffman , 9/93

yield : 6 servings




toasted hazelnut oat bread

breads

1 1/2 cup warm water , 105 to 110 f .
1 1/2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup honey
1/4 cup butter
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup non-fat dry milk
2 1/2 cup all-purpose white flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup oat bran
1 cup finely ground hazelnuts ( roasted or ; egon hazelnuts )
2 tablespoon coarsely chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ; hazelnuts )
2 tablespoon oatmeal
-- -- egg glaze -- --
1 egg yolk
2 teaspoon water
1 pinch salt

yield : two 20-ounce loaves .

whisk glaze ingredients together . cover and refrigerate . stir
together the warm water , yeast and honey . let stand until foamy ,
about 5 minutes . mix in butter , salt , non-fat dry milk and 2 cups of
the white flour . beat until smooth and creamy . beat in remaining
white flour , whole wheat flour , oat bran and ground hazelnuts . knead
until smooth and elastic . cover and let rise until doubled in bulk .
punch down and turn out onto lightly floured surface . divide dough in
half and shape into two round loaves , about 7 inches in diameter .
cover and let rise until almost doubled and a slight indentation
remains when lightly touched with fingertip . brush loaves with egg
yolk glaze and sprinkle each loaf with 1 tablespoon oatmeal and 1
tablespoon coarsely chopped hazelnuts . bake in a 350 oven for 25
minutes , or until golden .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 2 loaves




honey , fig and fennel whole wheat bread

breads

1 cup warm water ( 105^ - 115^f )
1/3 cup honey
2 envelopes dry yeast
2 cup unbleached ap flour
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoon fennel seeds , lightly crushed in mo ; rtar w/ pestle
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground ginger
8 oz pkg . dried calimyrna figs , diced

combine water and honey in processor . sprinkle yeast over ; let stand 8
minutes . add 2 cups all purpose flour , whole wheat flour , oil , fennel
seeds , salt and ginger . process until dough comes away from sides of
bowl . turn out dough onto lightly foured work surface . sprinkle figs
over . knead gently until dough is smooth and elastic , sprinkling lightly
with more all purpose flour if sticky , about 5 minutes . shape dough into
ball . lightly flour heavy large baking sheet . transfer dough to sheet ;
flatten to 6 '' round . cover with plastic . let dough rise in warm area
until almost doubled , about 2 1/4 hours . preheat oven to 375^f . bake
until bread is brown and sounds hollow when tapped on bottom , about 50
minutes . transfer to rack and cool . source : bon appetit , 2/94 . mm by
lyn .

yield : 1 loaf




hazelnut~ orange & yogurt muffins

breads

-- -- topping -- --
2 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 tablespoon finely chopped hazelnuts ( roasted o ; regon hazelnuts )
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
-- -- muffins -- --
1 3/4 cup all-purpose white flour
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 cup roasted & chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ; hazelnuts )
1 large egg
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup plain yogurt
1/3 cup orange juice concentrate
1/2 cup raisins ( optional )

in small bowl , mix topping ingredients until well blended . set aside .
in small mixing bowl , whisk together flour , sugar , baking powder ,
baking soda , salt and nutmeg . stir in hazelnut and set aside . in
large mixing bowl , whisk egg until blended . add vegetable oil , yogurt
and orange juice concentrate . whisk until smooth . add dry
ingredients , all at once , stirring just until flour is evenly
moistened . mix in raisins .

prepare 1 standard size muffin tin or 3 miniature muffin tins by
generously spraying with non-stick spray , or by placing liners in the
cups . divide the batter evenly among the prepared pans , filling each
cup a generous 3/4 full . sprinkle each muffin lightly with the
topping mixture . bake in 400 oven for about 18 minutes for the
standard sized muffins , or about 12 minutes for the miniature
muffins , or until golden . remove from oven and cool for 5 minutes
before removing from tins . cool on racks .

yield : 12 standard sized or 36 miniature muffins .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 12 muffins




good morning pizza

breads , meats

1 buttermilk baking mix
4 eggs , lightly beaten
2 small sausages , cut into 1/2 inch pieces
2 slices crisp cooked bacon , crumbled
2 slices cooked ham , cut into thin st ; rips
1 fresh tomato , diced
2 cup grated american cheese

preheat oven to 350degrees . prepare biscuit mix for 1 large pizza
crust according to amounts and directions on package . roll or pat
into a 10-12 inch round pan or 10 x 7 x 1 1/4 inch oblong pan . bake
crust according to box directions .

meanwhile prepare scrambled eggs ; remove from pan . set aside . saute
sausage , bacon and ham . place scrambled eggs on baked crust ; scatter
cooked meat across eggs . sprinkle chopped tomatoes and grated cheese
across top . bake for 7 minutes , or until cheese has melted . serves 6
~ 8 typed in mmformat by cjhartlin @ msn.com source : home cooking jan 97

yield : 6 servings




peanut butter muffins ww

breads

6 tablespoon flour , self-rising
1 tablespoon sugar , superfine
1/4 cup milk , skim
1 eggs lightly beaten
2 tablespoon peanut butter , chunky room tempera ; ture
1 teaspoon margarine melted

preheat oven to 400f . sift together flour and sugar ; add remaining
ingredients , stir until combined . do not beat or overmix . spray 4
muffins cups with cooking spray ; fill 3/3 full with batter . fill
remaining cups 1/2 full of water . bake till golden brown - about 20
minutes . remove muffins to wire rack , cool . serve cooled or freeze
until ready to use .

weight watcher exchanges : 1 protein , 1/2 bread , 1 fat , 20 optional
calories .

nutritional analysis per serving : 160 calories , 7 g .
protein , 8 g. fat , 15 g. carbohydrate , 110 mg. sodium , 69 mg .
cholesterol .

calories from fat : 43 %

original recipe from weight watchers `` fast and fabulous '' cookbook .
conversion and additional analysis by rick weissgerber . [ genie
d.weissgerbe ]

yield : 4 servings




onion squares

breads

1 each onion , sliced
1/2 cup non-fat yogurt
1/4 teaspoon dill weed
1/4 teaspoon lite salt or less or none
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon canola oil
1/2 cup skim milk
1 each egg white
1 pkg frozen corn , thawed,10 oz .
2 drop tabasco sauce
2 tablespoon parmesan , grated

preheat oven to 450 degrees . saute onion slices in nonstick fry pan
until soft and lightly browned . add yogurt , dill weed and lite salt .
in a separate bowl combine flour , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder , oil ,
skim milk and egg white . mix well . add corn and tabasco . pour batter
into lightly oiled 9 inch square pan . spread oniopn mixture over
batter . sprinkle parmesan over onions . bake for 25-39 minutes . cut
into squares to serve . makes 9 servings .

yield : 9 servings




baked cheddar toast

breads , main dish , cheese , eggs

1 cup heavy or whipping cream
1 cup cheddar cheese ; md , shredded
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
4 each eggs ; lg , well beaten
12 each bread slices ; white

in the top of a double boiler , combine the cream , cheddar , white
pepper , and nutmeg . stir over hot water until the cheese melts and
the mixture is well blended . remove from the heat and cool to
lukewarm . generously butter a large baking sheet and set aside . cut
the bread slices diagonally and dip each triangle into the cheddar
mixture . place 1/2-inch apart on the baking sheet and bake until
browned and bubbly , about 15 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 6 servings




little cheddar biscuits

breads , cheese , quick bread

2 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon mustard ; dry
1 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup butter ; room temperature
10 oz cheddar ; sharp , grated
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce

combine the flour , dry mustard , paprika and baking powder in a medium
bowl . beat the butter , either by hand or with an electric mixer at
medium speed , until light and fluffy . slowly beat in the cheddar
cheese and worcestershire sauce . gradually add the flour mixture ,
stirring with a fork ,
until well blended . on a lightly floured surface , shape the dough
into a long roll about 1 3/4-inches in diameter . wrap in plastic
wrap or foil . place on a platter and refrigerate for at least 2
hours , better overnight . preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. slice
the dough about 1/3 inch thick . with your hands , roll each slice into
a ball . flatten slightly and place on an ungreased baking sheet
about 2 inches apart . bake 8 minutes in the preheated oven .
biscuits will only brown slightly on the bottom .

yield : 8 servings




date & nut bread

breads

1 cup dates ; chopped
1 cup water ; boiling
1 teaspoon soda
1 cup sugar
1 each egg ; beaten
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup nut meats ; chopped

add soda and boiling water to dates . let stand and cool . then mix with
remaining ingredients . bake in moderate oven 1 hour . bake in long loaf
bread pan .

note : no exact temperatur give . moderate oven is 350 - 400 f. source :
cora van allen , bugby grange , astabula county , oh
: mabel purdy , pleasent grange , knox county , oh

yield : 1 servings




navajo fry bread # 1

breads , mexican

-- -- fbfj97a -- --
1 oil
2 cup flour ; unsifted
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup water ; warm ( maybe more )
1 cornmeal

put 2 to 3 inches oil in fryer and heat to 400 degrees . combine
flour , baking powder , and salt . add 1/2 cup warm water and continue
adding water to reach the consistancy of bread dough . tear off balls
of dough . roll out balls on a board lightly dusted with cornmeal to
1/4 inch thick . punch a holl in the center of each piece . fry bread
one at a time , turning as soon as it becomes golden . drain on
absorbent paper and serve hot with honey or powderedsugar . these are
also good plain or with salsa on top .
*****tex-mex cookbook*****

yield : 1 batch




sheepherders bread ( basque )

breads

3 cup hot tap water
1/2 cup butter
1/3 cup sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg yeast
9 cup flour ( to 9 1/2 cups )
1 salad oil

in a large bowl , combine hot water , butter , sugar and salt . stir to
melt butter . let cool to 110 deg f. stir in yeast , cover , and set in
warm place until bubbly ( about 15 minutes ) .
beat in about 5 cups flour to make thick batter . stir in enough
flour to make a stiff dough ( about 3 1/2 cups ) . turn dough out onto a
floured board and knead for 10 to 20 minutes , adding flour as needed
to prevent sticking . place dough in a greased bowl and cover . place
in a warm area and let rise until doubled in size .
punch dough down and knead briefly on floured board to release air .
shape into a smooth ball . with a circle of aluminum foil lining the
bottom of a 5 quart dutch oven , greased sides , foil on bottom and lid
with salad oil .
place dough in dutch oven and cover . let rise in warm place until lid
rises up about 1/2 inch ( about one hour ) .
bake , with lid on , at 375 deg f for 12 minutes . remove lid and bake
another 30 minutes or until loaf is golden brown . remove from oven
and turn out onto wire rack . peel foil from bottom and set loaf
upright . makes 1 very large loaf . happy eating . each serving = 213
cal , 5.6 g pro , 41 g carbs , 2.7 g fat , 0 mg chol , 308 mg sodium , 1.45
g dietary fiber . percent of calories from fat = 11.4 %

yield : 20 servings




ida culver 's strawberry shortcake

breads , desserts , fruits

-- -- shortcake -- --
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 milk
-- -- fluff -- --
1 egg white
1 cup sugar
1 cup berries , sliced

preheat oven to 350 degrees shortcake : sift flour , sugar , baking
powder , and salt . cut in butter into small pieces . put egg in a
measuring cup and fill with milk to measure one cup . beat egg and
milk together and add to flour mixture . bake in a greased round cake
pan for 20 minutes . slice fresh strawberry fluff . fluff : put all
ingredients into a bowl beat at high speed for about 15 minutes until
topping is stiff and fluffy .

yield : 4 servings




bread stuffing for fowl

breads , poultry , kosher

1 loaf of stale bread
2 stalks celery , chopped fine
1 raw potato , grated
2 onions , chopped fine
2 eggs
1 teaspoon salt ( or to taste )
1 teaspoon pepper ( or to taste )
1 teaspoon ginger ( or to taste )
3 tablespoon chicken fat
1 nuts
1 chopped parsley
1 mushrooms , canned or fresh > >
1 boiled chestnuts ( opt ) .

soak bread in water and squeeze dry . saute onions and celery until
tender , add mushrooms , chestnuts and nuts and saute for about 1 min .
mix with bread and grated potato . season well . add two beaten eggs
blend well .

yield : 1 servings




cocklecakes with laverbread

breads , seafood

8 oz flour
1 egg
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
8 oz cockles or clams ( shelled )
2 tablespoon ( heaped ) chopped parsley
1 oil for frying
8 oz prepared laverbread ; -or- dried nori , reconsti
1/2 lemon ( juice only )

sieve the flour . separate the egg . work the yolk and oil into the
flour and beat in the water gradually until you have a thick batter .
whisk and leave aside for 30 minutes . whisk the egg-white until stiff
and stir into the batter . add thc cockles , then salt , parsley and
herbs as necessary . heat two fingers of oil in a heavy pan . deep-fry
the batter in spoonfuls until the cakes are golden and crisp . heat
up the laverbread with the lemon juice . serve piping hot , with
wedges of lemon .

source : elisabeth luard in `` country living '' ( british ) , april 1989 .
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 4 servings




chrusti - lover 's knots

breads

5 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon butter ( or shortening )
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 cup flour

chrusti - lover 's knots

hot fat at 375 degrees

sif the flour , sugar and salt together . cut in butter . add vanilla
to the eggs and beat until light and frothy . mix this into the flour .
do not add more egg than to make the flour dough easily handled . if
using large eggs , start with 3 and vanilla and then beat additional
egg or eggs until frothy if needed . knead on lightly floured board
for 3 minutes .

roll dough about 1/8 inch thich and cut , with floured knife , into
strips 1 1/2 inches wide and 4 inches long . make slash 1 inch long in
center of each piece . lift and carefully slip one end through the
slit . this forms the knot .

drop the knots carefully into deep fat being careful not to crowd
them . fry until they are light golden brown on one side , turn and fry
on other side . ( they are done when fork inserted comes out clean ) .
remove , drain on paper towel . when cool , toss in a bag with
confectioners sugar .

makes about 3 doz .

from : a world of good eating

yield : 3 servings




country hearth bread

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup warm water ( 105-115'f . )
2 tablespoon light ( unsulfured ) molasses
1 tablespoon melted butter or vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup nonfat dry milk
2 tablespoon wheat germ
2 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 milk to brush over top
1 rolled oats to sprinkle over top

in large mixing bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water ; add molasses and
let rest 5 minutes until yeast foams . stir in butter , salt , dry milk ,
wheat germ and half the flour . add remaining flour slowly to keep
dough smooth . let rest 15 minutes . turn dough out onto lightly
floured board and knead for 5 minutes until smooth and elastic . wash
bowl , grease it ; add dough to bowl , turn over to grease top , cover ,
and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . cover a baking sheet with
parchment or lightly grease it . punch dough down and shape into a
ball . place ball on prepared sheet and roll or pat into a circle
about 8 '' in diameter . let rise in a warm place until doubled , about
45 minutes . brush top of loaf with milk and sprinkle generously with
oats . preheat oven to 375'f . bake for 25-30 minutes , or until loaf
sounds hollow when tapped . remove from oven and cool on wire rack .

makes 1 loaf ; serves 12 .

yield : 12 servings




cassie 's egg cornbread

breads

1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk
2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
2 eggs , beaten

dissolve soda in buttermilk ; stir well . combine cornmeal , baking
powder , and sugar . add eggs and buttermilk mixture , mixing well .
heat a well greased cast-iron skillte in a 400 degree oven for 3
minutes or until very hot . pour batter into hot skillet .
bake at 425 degrees for 30 minutes or until lightly browned . cassie
was a cook serving the residents of tolville , arkansas from the late
1920s through the 1940s . her egg cornbread was a favorite .

yield : 8 servings




monkey bread i

breads

1 bag of frozen rolls ( 24 )
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 pkg vanilla pudding ( not instant )
1/2 to 1 c nuts
1 stick of margarine or butter
1 1/2 tablespoon cinnamon

grease a bundt pan or tube pan with shortening , place rolls evenly in
pan . pour melted butter over rolls . in a bowl , mix the remaining
ingredients . sprinkle over rolls , cover with plastic and let sit over
night or 6-8 hours ... hint , make sure nuts are not on the outside
edges as they will get pushed out ... i found that mixing the dry
ingredients between and around the rolls works best ... put a liner
under pan in oven ... can make a mess ... butterscotch pudding can be
used ...

yield : 6 servings




favorite potato bread

breads , vegetables

2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
6 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 cup mashed potato up to 1 1/2 cups
1 cup hot potato water
2 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup plain yogurt or buttermilk

dissolve yeast in warm water . combine flour and salt ; make a well in
the center of the mixture . blend together egg , mashed potatoes ,
potato water , honey and oil . combine baking soda and yogurt or
buttermik ; add to egg mixture . pour mixture into well of flour and
salt ; blend thoroughly . turn onto lightly floured surface and knead
10 minutes . cover and let rise 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until a 1/2-inch
hole in dough made with a wet fingertip remains . if the hole fills
in slightly , give the dough more time to rise . deflate gently . let
rest 10 minutes . shape into loaves and let rise until almost
doubles , about 45 minutes . bake at 350 degrees for approximately 1
hour .

yield : 1 servings




cinnamon twist ( basic sweet dough )

breads

1/2 recipe basic sweet dough
1 1/2 tablespoon lightly salted butter or margarine , ; melted
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/3 cup dark seedless raisins
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
1/2 cup confectioner 's sugar
1 tablespoon warm milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract

prepare the basic sweet dough . lightly grease a baking sheet .

on a lightly floured surface , roll out the basic sweet dough to a
rectangle 14 x 10-inches . brush with the melted butter .

mix the sugar and cinnamon ; sprinkle over the dough . sprinkle with the
raisins and walnuts . roll up the dough , jelly-roll style , starting
from one long side . pinch the ends and seam to seal and place the
roll , seam down , on the center of the baking sheet .

with scissors , cut the roll at 1-inch intervals almost through to the
bottom of the roll . pull the first slice to the right side and the
next slice to the left side . continue , alternating to the right and
left . tuck in any raisins that fall out . cover and let rise in a
warm place until doubled in volume , about 1 hour .

heat the oven to 350f . bake the coffeecake for 25 to 30 minutes , or
until lightly browned . remove from the baking sheet and cool on a
wire rack . while the coffeecake is still warm , mix the confectioners '
sugar with the milk and vanilla ; spread over the cake .

makes one large coffeecake .

note :

for a less sweet coffeecake , omit the confectioners ' sugar . instead ,
mix 2 teaspoons of milk with 1 teaspoon of granulated sugar and brush
over the bread as soon as it comes out of the oven .

[ the redbook breadbook ]

posted by fred peters .

yield : 6 servings




corn tortillas ( making )

breads , world

-- -- for 16 tortillas -- --
1 1/2 cup masa harina
1/2 cup cornmeal
1 1/2 tablespoon oil
1 1/3 cup warm water

mix all the ingredients together in a large bowl and beat with a
wooden spoon until thick and smooth . scrape the sides of the bowl ,
and cover the surface of the dough with plastic wrap while pressing
and frying individual tortillas so the dough will not dry out . to
form the tortillas , wet your hands and pull off a lump of dough about
the size of a golfball . roll it into a ball . tear off 2 pieces of
plastic wrap about a foot long . either in a tortilla press , or
between 2 dinner plates , place the ball between the sheets of plastic
wrap . press down with the palm of your hand to flatten slightly , then
press firmly to form a thin circle . use the first tortilla to test
the consistency of the dough . if the edges of the tortilla are uneven
and crumbly , the dough needs a little more water . if the sheet of
plastic sticks to the dough and it is very soft , add a few
tablespoons of masa harina . repeat with the remaining dough , leaving
individual tortillas between the sheets of plastic wrap . heat a heavy
skillet over medium-high heat until hot . peel off the top sheet of
plastic and invert the tortilla into the hot pan . grill until
stiffened , about 30 seconds ; turn for 1 minute or less , until the
side is slightly browned , then turn to the first side for 30 seconds .
the time for grilling each tortilla is less than 2 minutes . repeat
with the remaining tortillas . source : southwest tastes

yield : 16 servings




viennese breakfast cake

breads , breakfast

1 bread
1/2 cup warm water
1 pk dry yeast
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
1 cup butter , softened
6 eggs
4 1/2 cup flour ( sift before measure )
1 filling :
3 tablespoon butter , softened
2/3 cup brown sugar
2 egg yolks
2 tablespoon milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup finely chooped walnuts or
1 pecans
1/4 cup butter , melted
1 confectioners sugar

1 . day ahead , make dough ; if possible , check temperature of warm
water with thermometer ( 105-115 ) . sprinkle yeast over water in large
bowl of electric mixer ; stir until dissolved . add sugar , salt , peel ,
1 cup butter , 6 eggs and 3 cups flour .

2 . at medium speed , beat 4 minutes . add remaining flour ; at low
speed , beat until smooth about 2 minutes . cover bowl with waxed
paper , then with a damp towel ; let rise in warm place , draft free ,
until double in bulk about 1 1/2 to 2 hours .

3 . refrigerate , covered , overnight . next day , make filling : in medium
bowl , with wooden spoon , mix 3 tablespoons butter ; brown sugar and
yolks . stir in milk and vanilla ; blend in nuts . grease two 9x5x3 ''
pans . remove dough from refrigerator .

4 . stir dough down with wooden spoon . dough will be soft . turn out
onto lightly floured board ; divide in half . return half to bowl and
place in refrigerator . on lightly floured pastry cloth or surface ,
roll half of the dough into a rectangle , 14 by 9 '' .

5 . brush with 1 tablespoon melted butter . spread with half of=7f
filling , to 1/2 '' from edge . from each end , roll up dough lengthwise ,
jelly-roll fashion , toward center . turn loaf over ; place in prepared
pan , smooth side up . lightly brush with melted butter .

6 . repeat with rest of dough . lt rise in warm place , covered with
towel , draft free , till double in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . preheat
oven to 350 . bake 35 minutes or till golden brown . remove from pan to
rack . sprinkle with confectioners sugar .

yield : 2 servings




missiiagan-pakwejigan ( sunflower bannock )

breads , bakery , native american , mohawk

3 1/4 cup sunflower seeds
3 1/4 cup water
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon corn flour
2/3 cup corn oil

put the sunflower seeds , water & salt into a pot , cover & let simmer
for 1 1/2 hours . when well cookked , crush the seeds to amke a paste .
add the corn flour , 1 tablespoon at a time to thicken . work with your
hands ; cool a little . make small , flat pancakes of approximately 5 ''
diameter . heat oil & fry both sides , adding more oil if necessary .
drain well & eat .

yield : 18 sm . loaves




sourdough corn bread

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
1 1/2 cup yellow corn meal
1 1/2 cup evaperated milk
2 each eggs beaten
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup melted butter ( warm )
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon soda

thoroughly mix the starter , cornmeal , evap . milk , eggs , and sugar in a
large bowl . stir in melted butter , salt , and soda . turn into a 10 inch
greased pan ( iron skillet works real well ) and bake at 450f for 30
mins

yield : 1 servings




hazelnut maple bread

breads

2 cup all-purpose white flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine - room temperat ; ure
1/4 cup oregon hazelnut butter
2 eggs
1/4 cup maple syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon maple extract
1/2 cup mashed bananas
1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup coarsely chopped hazelnuts ( roasted ; oregon hazelnuts )

sift together flour , baking powder and salt . reserve . in a 2-quart
bowl , cream sugar and butter until smooth . beat in hazelnut butter ,
eggs , maple syrup , vanilla and maple extract . mix in mashed bananas
in three additions ; alternately mix in dry ingredients and milk . fold
in chopped hazelnuts . divide the batter between two greased
7x4x3-inch loaf pans . bake in 350 degree oven for 30 to 35 minutes ,
or until golden and toothpick inserted into the center comes out
clean . cool on rack .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 2 loaves




grandma vanicek 's czechoslovakian potato dump

breads , ethnic

6 medium potatoes
1 egg yolk
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 all-purpose flour

these are *not* fluffy dumplings as in chicken and dumplings . they
are a `` sturdy '' potato dumpling served as a side dish to meat , and
usually with a sweet sauerkraut/carraway/honey dish as the vegetable .

* *
*

boil peeled potatoes in small quantity of water . drain potatoes
thoroughly . rice potatoes through hand held masher/ricer . let
potatoes cool . on floured board , gradually add flour working mixture
into dough with hands . shape potato mixture into a long roll and cut
into 10 slices . drop dumplings into boiling water and boil gently
about 5 minutes .

drain dumplings on paper towel . the dumplings are fully cooked after
the boiling process , but traditionally , czechoslovakians then melt
butter in a heavy frying pan , and fry the dumplings until they are
lightly browned on all sides .

source : grandma vanicek 's czechoslovakian recipes ; shared by cate
vanicek

yield : 1 servings




basic beer bread

breads , quick bread

3 cup flour
3 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 can beer
1 tablespoon honeu

grease loaf pan . combine flour , baking powder , salt , beer , and honey
in large bowl , stir together until well mixed . bake in preheated 350
f oven for 45 minutes . turn on rack and cool .

yield : 1 servings




scones 4

breads

2 cup flour ; unsifted
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter or margarine
2 eggs
1/3 cup sour milk ( see note )

preheat oven to 400 f ( hot ) .

grease a baking sheet . mix dry ingredients thoroughly . mix in fat
only until mixture is crumbly . a pastry blender , two table knives , or
a fork may be used .

beat eggs ; add milk . stir into dry ingredients . mix just until
moistened . divide dough in half . place on baking sheet . shape each
half of the dough into a 7-inch circle about 1/2-inch thick .

cut each circle of dough into six wedges . prick with a fork .

bake 12 minutes or until lightly browned .

calories per scone : about 145

variation : fruit scones ======================= add 1/2 cup chopped
raisins or dates to egg-milk mixture . proceed as in basic recipe .
about 165 calories per serving with raisins or dates .

note : to make sour milk , mix 1 teaspoon vinegar or lemon juice with
enough sweet milk to make 1/3 cup . let stand 5 minutes .

source : food -- by u.s. department of agriculture typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 12 scones




baking mix

breads

-- -- homemade `` bisquick -- --
4 cup whole wheat flour
4 cup white flour
1 cup dry non-fat milk
2 teaspoon cream of tarter
1/4 cup baking powder
2 1/2 teaspoon lite salt or less or none ?
1/4 cup shortening
-- -- for pancakes -- --
2 each egg whites
1 1/2 cup water
2 cup baking mix
-- -- for biscuits -- --
2 cup baking mix
2/3 cup water

baking mix : measure dry ingredients into bowl . sift together three
times . put into large bowl ; cut in shortening with pastry blender ( or
two knives ) until size of small peas . store in tightly covered
container . ( recipe may be easily doubled . ) makes 11 cups . for
pancakes : combine egg whites and water ; stir into baking mix until
well blended . spoon onto a lightly oiled grill and cook , turning when
bubbles appear . makes 12-15 medium pancakes . for biscuits : preheat
oven to 425 degrees . measure mix into bowl and add water ; stir just
to blend . turn onto lightly floured board ; knead a few times . roll to
3/4 '' thickness . cut into circles or squares , place on unoiled baking
sheet . bake 12-15 minutes . makes 12 2 '' biscuits .

yield : 11 servings




yeast ferment

breads

1 medium-size potato
1 teaspoon salt
4 cup water
1 cake dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar

the fermentation period for bread made with dry yeast may be
shortened if the following yeast ferment is first prepared :

crumble yeast and soften in 1/2 cup water . wash , pare , and boil
potato in 3 1/2 cups water . drain potato . save potato water . mash
potato and add sugar and salt . cool to lukewarm . add yeast , and
potato water . if necessary add water to make 1 quart of the mixture .
cover unused portion may be stored in the refrigerator and kept for
several days . the household searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




oat flour muffins

breads , quick & easy

1 cup am oat flour
1 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
2 tablespoon raw honey
1/3 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup raisins or dates or- chopped nuts
1 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil
1 egg ; beaten or- egg replacer

stir together dry ingredients . mix liquids and fruit or nuts
together and add to dry mixture , stirring lightly . fill 6 oiled
muffin tins 1/2 full and bake
15 minutes at 425 f .

source : arrowhead mills `` whole grain muffins '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 6 muffins




orange-walnut muffins

breads , weight watcher

1 flour ; 1 cup + 2 tbls .
2 tablespoon brown sugar ; lt. ( packed )
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon lemon rind ; grated
1/2 oz walnuts ; chopped ( 12 halves )
1 salt ; pinch
1/2 cup orange juice
2 tablespoon margarine ; melted + cooled
1 egg ; large

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. in medium bowl , stir together flour ,
sugar , baking powder , lemon rind , walnuts and salt . in small bowl ,
mix together orange juice , margarine and egg . add to dry ingredients ,
mixing with fork until just combined ; do not overmix . spray six 2 1/2
inch muffin cups with nonstick cooking spray ; divide batter evenly
among the cups . bake 20 to 25 minutes , or until golden brown . makes
six servings . each serving provides : 1 b , 1 f , 60 optional calories .
per serving : 175 calories ; 4 g protein , 6 g fat , 25 g carbohydrate ,
187 mg sodium , 46 mg cholesterol . source : living fit magazine-recipe
given to us at weight watchers meeting .

yield : 6 servings




giant cinnamon buns

breads

-- -- dough -- --
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon vegetable shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup sugar , divided
1 each egg , beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
4 1/2 cup flour
3 tablespoon melted butter
2 teaspoon cinnamon
-- -- icing -- --
2 cup powdered sugar
3 tablespoon soft butter
2 tablespoon water ( 2 to 3 tb )

heat the milk with the shortening , salt and 1/2 cup sugar . heat until
shortening melts but do n't boil . let cool to tepid , then whisk in egg
and vanilla . dissolve yeast in water with 1 teaspoon sugar . combine 3
1/2 cups flour with yeast and milk mixtures to form a ragged dough .
turn this dough out on a lightly floured surface . clean and butter
the bowl . knead dough 8 minutes , until smooth and elastic . return to
bowl . cover and let rise , in a warm place , until doubled in size .
punch down , roll out to 1/4 inch thick on a lightly floured board .
brush with melted butter . mix remaining sugar and cinnamon and
sprinkle over the dough . roll up like a jelly roll . cut 1 1/2 slices ,
using a sharp knife . place cut side up on a greased baking sheet ,
cover and let rise about 45 minutes . bake at 325 deg f. for 25
minutes or until light golden brown . remove to a wire rack . make
icing by blending powdered sugar , butter and enough water to make a
runny consistancy . drizzle over warm rolls .

yield : 8 servings




orange apple pancakes

breads , bisquick , brunch

2 cup bisquick
1 1/2 cup water ; or milk
2 tablespoon orange peel ; grated
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 apple ; cored and cut into thin w
1 tablespoon butter
3/4 cup sugar
1/3 cup pecans ; coarsely chopped

combine bisquick , water , orange peel and cinnamon in bowl . stir until
fairly smooth . in skillet , cook apple wedges in butter until tender ,
about 4 minutes . stir in nuts and syrup . heat through and keep
warm . for each pancake , use 1/4 c batter . when done , top with warm
syrup mixture .

yield : 8 servings




brioche

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup water
1/2 cup milk , scalded
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/3 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 1/4 cup sifted enriched flour
3 beaten eggs
1 beaten egg yolk
1 slightly beaten egg white
1 tablespoon sugar

soften active dry yeast in warm water . cool milk to lukewarm .

meanwhile , cream butter ; add 1/3 cup sugar and the salt , creaming
thoroughly . add milk to creamed mixture ; stir in 1 cup of the flour .
add softened yeast , eggs , and egg yolk ; beat well . stir in remaining
flour ; beat 5 to 8 minutes longer . cover ; let rise in warm place till
a little more than double ( about 2 hours ) .

stir down ; beat well . cover tightly with aluminum foil , place in
refrigerator overnight . stir down ; turn out on lightly floured
surface . divide dough in fourths ; set one section aside . cut the
other three sections in half and form each piece in 4 balls ( 24 in
all ) . form the reserved sections into 24 smaller balls . place large
balls in greased muffin pans . poke indentation in top of each and
moisten hole slightly with water . press small ball in each
indentation . cover ; let rise in warm place till double ( about 1 hour ) .

combine egg white and 1 tablespoon sugar ; brush tops with mixture .
bake at 375 about 15 minutes , or till done . serve warm . makes 2
dozen .

yield : 2 servings




irish sweet bread

breads

2 loaves
3 cup sifted flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon soda
1/2 cup shortening
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup molasses
1 egg , unbeaten
1 1/2 cup sour milk or buttermilk
1 1/2 cup raisins , chopped
1 1/2 cup currants
1/4 cup chopped citron or chopped , candied ; lemon rind

preheat oven to 325 f .

sift together the flour , salt and soda .

cream together the shortening and sugar and the molasses . beat in the
egg .

alternately add the dry ingredients and sour milk ; stir in the fruit .
pour the batter into 2 greased 8 x 4 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pans and bake
75 minutes .

source : new york times cookbook ( 1961 ) from the collection of jim
vorheis

yield : 6 servings




sliced tomato/mozzarella/garlic bread appetizer

appetizers , breads , vegetables

-- -- from linda fields at -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs 3157861120 -- --
1 tomatoes , diced
1 red onion , diced
1 light mozarella cheese ,
1 .sliced or shredded
1 frozen prepared garlic bread
1 vinagrette dressing
-- -- vinagrette dressing recipe -- --
1 cup extra virgin olive oil
1 cup balsamic vinegar
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 teaspoon fresh dill or 1 t dried dill
1 teaspoon minced garlic

prepare the frozen garlic bread according to the directions .

on a slice of the bread , place a slice of the mozzarella cheese , or 1
tablespoon of shredded cheese . add a thin slice of red onion ( or 1 t
diced onion ) and a slice of tomato ( or 1 t diced tomato ) . drizzle the
vinagrette dressing over all and enjoy !

for the dressing , put all ingredients into a small bowl or a jar and
shake vigorously . makes 2 cups of dressing which will keep in the
frige for 2 or 3 weeks .

what i did that was very good was drizzle the vinagrette over the
bread first , then add the onion and tomato and top with a little
grated romano cheese .

source : linda fields at cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 1 loaf




cake-like corn bread

breads

4 1/2 oz ( half box ) corn bread mix
4 1/2 oz ( half box ) yellow cake mix
1 egg
1/2 cup milk

preheat oven to 350 degrees . mix all four ingredients together , stir
until smooth and most of the lumps are gone . pour into 8 or 9 inch
round cake pan . bake at 350 degrees about 20 minutes or until top is
golden brown .

note ... since you are using only 1/2 box of yellow cake mix and corn
bread mix , combine the other half together and store in zippered
plastic bag until the next time you make corn bread .

note 2 ... i use the small boxes of jiffy corn bread mix and jiffy
yellow cake mix . submitted by moorefam @ one.net on tue , 21 nov 1995
210034 -0500

yield : 8 pieces




quick bread mix+++fggt98b

breads , quick & easy , southern , basic , living

10 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup baking powder
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup shortening

combine dry ingredients in a large bowl ; mix well . divide flour
mixture and shortening in half . cut 1 cup shortening into half of
flour mixture with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse
meal . repeat with remaining shortening and flour mixture . combine
mixtures . store in an airtight container at room temperature up to 6
weeks . refrigerate or freeze for longer storage . yield : 13 cups

yield : 1 servings




peanut butter pancakes

breads , breakfast

2 cup pancake mix
2 cup milk
2 eggs
6 tablespoon peanut butter

combine all ingredients and beat until smooth . bake on a preheated ,
lightly greased skillet or grill .

yield : 6 servings




boston brown bread ( a must with baked beans )

breads

1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup corn meal
3/4 cup dark molasses
2 cup milk
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3 cup whole wheat flour
1 egg
1/2 cup melted shortening

sift flour , baking soda , sugar , and salt together . mix in corn meal
and whole wheat flour . add remaining ingredients , mixing only untill
all flour is moistened . pour into 2 greased 9x5x3 inch loaf pans .
bake at 300f for 1 hour and 15 minutes . remove from pans and cool .

yield : 10 servings




old-fashioned chewy double ginger cookies

biscuits

1/2 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
2 large eggs
1 cup molasses
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon ground ginger
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup fine-chopped crystallized ginger
1 sugar

in large bowl , cream together shortening and one cup sugar until
light and fluffy . beat in eggs one at a time ; beat in molasses .

stir together flour , ground ginger , baking soda , cloves and cinnamon ;
stir into creamed mixture in three parts . mix in crystallized ginger
until smooth .

remove dough from bowl and wrap in floured wax paper ; refrigerate
overnight . ( dough will be quite soft . )

with lightly floured hands , form dough into 1 '' ( 2.5 cm ) balls ; gently
roll in sugar . place about 2 '' ( 5 cm ) apart on greased baking sheets .

bake at 350f ( 180c ) for 10 - 12 minutes or just until set . remove to
wire racks to cool .

makes about 6 dozen . i 'm not much of a cookie baker because it seems
so much effort for something that is gobbled down so quickly , but
these are worth the trouble ( i always set some aside for myself , just
to be sure i 'll get some ) . guten apetit !

~- nicole

yield : 72 servings




old-style wheat biscuits

breads , breakfast

1 cup unbleached white flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon lite salt or less or none
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup canola oil
2 tablespoon vinegar
1 cup skim milk

preheat oven to 475 degrees . sift together flours , baking powder ,
lite salt and baking soda . cut in oil until mixture looks like coarse
corn meal . put vinegar and milk together in a cup and stir . stir
enough milk into flour mixture until soft dough is formed . sprinkle
flour on countertop and knead dough . roll out dough to 1 inch thick .
cut with a biscuit cutter or glass . place on baking sheet . bake about
12 minutes . makes 16 2 '' biscuits .

yield : 16 servings




white-flour sourdough starter

breads

2 cup tepid ( 80 ) water
1 pkg yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 cup flour

mix the water , sugar and yeast until dissolved . beat in the flour
until the batter is smooth . pour into a clean 2 qt . jar and cover
with a cloth . let stand at room temp . for 2 to 3 days or until
starter has a sharp , almost winy odor and is bubbly ( it will be full
of lively bubbles after a short time and will continue to bubble ,
more sedately , until it is sufficiently sour ) . exact times ca n't be
given , as weather and temp affect the rate of fermentation .
to use : if not used at once , cover the starter with a lid and
refrigerate it . it will be lively enough to use for about 18 hrs ; if
refrigerated longer , `` feed '' it lightly and let it become bubbly at
room temp - usually letting it stand overnight - before using it .
this tangy batter is the key ingredient of english muffins and many
other sourdough breads . this recipe makes 3 cups enough to make a
large batch of muffins , with enough left over to serve as a nucleus
for a future baking . the starter keeps well in a covered jar in the
refrigerator so long as it is `` fed '' with a small amount of flour and
an equal amount of water about every 2 weeks - this keeps the yeasts
alive . or freeze it for indefinite storage . to revive it , feed it
after it thaws and let it stand at room temperature until bubbly
enough to use . if liquid gathers on the surface of stored starter ,
stir it in before adding flour and water . your starter will be good
so long as it responds to feeding and has a pleasantly odor . if
neglected , it may develop a pink or greenish tinge and an unpleasant
odor . if that should happen , start over . to increase a small amount
of leftover starter to a quantity large enough for a baking , add
flour and water in equal quantities , but never exceed the proportion
of a cup of flour to a cup of starter . let the mix ferment , lightly
covered , at room temp until very bubbly ; then , if you need still more
starter , add more flour and water and ferment again .

yield : 3 servings




herbed parmesan batter bread

breads

1 cup milk
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon oregano leaves
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon onion salt
1/2 teaspoon celery salt
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon sugar
2 env . yeast
1 egg , slightly beaten
1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese
3 3/4 to
4 cup all-purpose flour

makes 2 loaves .

heat milk , 1/4 cup butter , 1/4 cup sugar , oregano , salt , onion salt
and celery salt until butter melts . cool to lukewar . pour lukewarm
water into a large bowl . stir in 1 tsp sugar until dissolved .
sprinkle yeast over mixture . let stand 10 minutes , then stir well .
stir in lukewarm milk-butter mixture , egg and 1/2 cup parmesan
cheese . add 3 cups of the flour . beat until smooth and elastic .
gradually work in sufficient additional flour to make a soft dough ,
3/4 cup to 1 cup more . turn dough into a large greased bowl . cover
and let rise in a warm place until double in bulk ( about 1 1/4
hours ) . stir down batter with wooden spoon and beat vigourously for
30 seconds . turn into two greased 1 quart round casseroles . cover and
let rise until almost double in bulk ( about 1/2 hr . ) bake in
preheated 350 f oven 40 to 45 minutes . remove from pans at once and
cool on wire rack . makes
2 loaves .

source : milk cookbook posted by linda davis

yield : 2 servings




irish buttermilk bannock

breads

4 cup all purpose/bread flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt to taste
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup raisins
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup buttermilk

stir flour , baking powder , salt , baking soda and raisins together .
separately , fork-blend eggs and buttermilk , then add to dry
ingredients . stir until sticky batter is formed . scrape batter onto
well floured surface and knead lightly . shape batter into ball , then
place in round non-stick casserole that has been sprayed with cooking
spray . mark a cross in the center , using a sharp knife . bake
uncovered in preheated 350 degree oven for about 1 1/4 hours .

wait 10-15 minutes before attempting to remove bread from casserole ,
then cool on wire rack . if desired , cut loaf into quarters and then
slice thinly .

yield : 6 servings




chippewa bannock

breads , native american

1 x no ingredients

1 1/2 cups cornmeal 1/2 cup water 4 tbls . hazelnut oil , melted
butter or bacon drippings 4 tbls . maple syrup or honey 1/2 tsp . salt
3 to 4 tbls.cooking oil for frying

in a mixing bowl , combine cornmeal , water , hazelnut oil , syrup and
salt . in a large skillet , heat 2 tbls . oil over medium-high heat .
drop batter by tablespoonfuls into hot oil . flatten with spatula and
fry cakes until crisp and browned on both sides . add more oil as
needed . serves 4 to 6 .

yield : 6 servings




corn & zucchini muffins from bob hogan

breads , breakfast , low fat

1 1/4 cup low-fat milk
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 large egg whites or 1 each egg
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup whode wheat flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shredded zucchini ( 1/2 med )
1/2 cup cooked whole kernel corn

heat oven to 400 .

spray bottoms only of 12 medium muffin cups , 2 1/2 '' x 1 1/4 '' inches
with nonstick cooking spray or line with paper baking cups .

beat milk , oil and egg in medium bowl . stir in flours , baking powder
and salt .

fold in zucchini and corn . divide batter evenly among muffin cups
( cups will be very full ) .

bake 22 to 24 minutes or until golden brown . remove from pan .

nutritional information ( 1 muffin ) :

calories 115 protein
: 6 %

protein , g 4 vitamin a
2 %

carbohydrate , g 18 vitamin c
*

fat , g 3 thiamin
10 %

unsaturated 2 riboflavin
8 %

saturated 1 niacin
: 6 %

dietary fiber , g 2 calcium
10 %

cholesterol , mg 2 iron
: 4 %

sodium , mg 230

potassium , mg 130

source : betty crocker 's new choices cookbook

yield : 12 each




decadent french toast

breads , dairy , brunch

1 jean gaschen
5 tablespoon butter
1 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon dark karo )
1/2 cup milk
5 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 french bread
1 whipped cream
1 pecans ; chopped
1 strawberries

cook corn syrup , butter , and brown sugar until bubbly . pour into a
13x9 baking dish and generously sprinkle chopped pecans over the
syrup mixture . arrange 2 '' slices of french bread over the mixture .
beat together eggs , milk , and vanilla . pour over the bread and
refrigerate overnight . bake at 350 for 45 min.and invert ! serve with
cream and strawberries . a nonstick pan makes life easier . watch
closely , you do n't want it to get too brown . can be made the night
before . format for mm by judy garnett converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 4 servings




farmhouse potato bread

breads

1/2 lb potatoes , peeled and cut into 1-inc ; h pieces
2 cup milk
8 tablespoon ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter , room tem ; perature
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 envelope dry yeast
5 cup ( about ) all-purpose flour

moist , light loaves , perfect with apple butter . they are even better
the day after baking .

makes 2 loaves

place potatoes in small saucepan . cover with cold salted water .
simmer until very tender , about 10 minutes . drain . force hot potatoes
through sieve into large bowl .

combine milk , 4 tbs butter , sugar and salt in heavy small saucepan .
bring to boil , stirring to dissolve sugar . whisk into potatoes . let
cool to warm ( 105 - 115 f ) . sprinkle yeast over mixture , then stir
in . mix in 4 cups flour . knead dough on generously floured surface
until smooth and elastic , adding more flour if stick , about 10
minutes . grease large bowl with 2 tbs butter.l add dough , turning to
coat entire surface . cover bowl with towel . let dough rise in warm
draft-free area until doubled in volume , about 1
1/2 hours .

punch dough down . knead until smooth , about 1 minute . return to bowl .
cover and let rise until doubled in volume , about 1 1/2 hours .

butter two 6-cup loaf pans , using remaining 2 tbs butter . punch dough
down . cut into 2 pieces . shape each piece into loaf ; transfer to
prepared pans . cover pans with towel . let dough rise until level
with tops of pans , about 45 minutes .

position rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 400 f. place
bread in oven . reduce temperature to 375 f. bake until loaves are
rich golden brown and sound hollow when tapped , about 30 minutes .
cool in pans 5 minutes . transfer to racks and cool completely before
serving .

bon appetit

yield : 2 servings




italian bread

breads , italian

1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
5 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 water
1 cornmeal
1 egg
1 salad oil

1 . in large bowl , combine sugar , salt , yeast , and 2 cups flour . in
1-quart saucepan over low heat , heat butter or margarine and 1 3/4
cups water until very warm ( 120 to 130 f. ) ( butter or margarine
does not need to melt . ) ( actually , i use the microwave for this part
-wp- )

2 . with mixer at low speed , gradually beat liquid into dry
ingredients until just blended . increase speed to medium ; beat 2
minutes , occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula .

3 . beat in 1/2 cup flour to make thick batter ; continue beating
mixture at medium speed for 2 minutes , scraping bowl often with
rubber spatula . with wooden spoon , stir in enough additional flour
( about 1 3/4 cups ) to make a soft dough .

4 . turn dough onto floured surface ; knead until smooth and elastic ,
about 10 minutes , adding flour while kneading .

5 . cut dough in half ; cover pieces with bowl ; let dough rest for 20
minutes for easier shaping .

6 . grease large cookie sheet ; sprinkle cookie sheet with cornmeal .

7 . on floured surface with floured rolling pin , roll each half into
15 '' by 10 '' rectangle . from 15 '' side , tightly roll dough , jelly-roll
fashion ; pinch seam to seal .

8 . place loaves , seam side down , on cookie sheet and taper ends .
brush loaves with oil ; cover loosely with plastic wrap ; refrigerate 2
to 24 hours .

9 . preheat oven to 425 f. meanwhile , remove loaves from
refrigerator ; uncover ; let stand 10 minutes . cut 3 or 4 diagonal
slashes on top of each loaf . bake 20 minutes .

10 . in small bowl with fork , beat egg white with 1 tablespoon of
water . remove loaves from oven ; brush with egg-white mixture ; return
to oven and bake 5 minutes .

contributed by wesley ( `` ai n't no beans in *my* chili '' ) pitts

yield : 2 servings




ha'penny friendship bread-pg . 2****fjvs25a

breads , holiday , christmas , medieval

1 shaping of breads

6 small loaves : grease 6 6x3 '' loaf pans . or , if desired , grease two
cookie sheets to make free form loaves . divide dough into 6 parts .
remove air pockets by working dough with hands and rolling into 6
10x5 '' rectangles . starting from shorter side , roll up , pinching edges
firmly to seal . for free-form loaves , taper ends slightly . place
seam-side-down on prepared pan . cover ; let rise in warm place until
light and double in size , about 45 mins . heat over to 375 degrees f .
bake for 25-35 mins. , until loaves sound hollow when lightly tapped .
remove from pans immediately . cool on wire racks .

6 small braids : grease 2 cookie sheets . divide dough into 6 parts .
remove air pockets by working dough with hands . roll each part into
an 6x3 '' rectangle . cut each rectangle lengthwise into 3 6x1 '' strips .
braid strips togehter , tuck ends under and seal . repeat with
remaining dough . place on prepared cookie sheets . cover ; let rise in
warm place until doubled in size , about 45 mins . heat oven to 375
degrees f. bake for 25-35 mins . until loaves sound hollow when
lightly tapped . remove from pans immediately ; cool on wire racks .

decorating directions to follow on next note . marilyn sultar

yield : 2 servings




cranberry-orange bread pudding

breads , desserts

1 loaf french bread ( about 8
1 oz . )
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) butter or
1 margarine , softened
4 eggs
2 1/2 cup half-and-half
1/3 cup orange flavor liqueur or
1 orange juice
3/4 cup sugar
1 cup cranberries

1 . preheat oven to 350f . grease shallow 2 1/2 quart casserole . cut
bread diagonally into 1/2 inch thick slices . lightly butter 1 side
of each bread slice . arrange bread , butter side up , in prepared
casserole , overlapping slices slightly . 2 . in bowl , whisk eggs ,
half-and-half , liqueur , and
1/2 cup of the sugar
until well combined . gradually pour egg mixture over bread
slices in
casserole . let stand for at least 20 minutes ( or cover and
refrigerate mixture for up to 2 hours ) . with a fork , gently press
bread into egg mixture . sprinkle bread mixture with cranberries ,
and then with remaining 1/4 cup sugar . 3 . bake for 45-50 minutes ,
or until pudding is browned and puffy and
knife inserted in center comes out clean .

yield : 12 servings




bagels 3

breads

4 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( or more )
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 pkg active yeast
2 tablespoon margarine
1 tablespoon sugar
1 egg white
1 water

mix 1 1/2 cups flour , 3 tbs sugar , 1 tbs salt and yeast .
heat 1 1/2 cups water and margarine to 120f to 130f . add to dry
ingredients ; beat for 2 minutes at medium speed . add 1/2 cup flour ;
beat at high speed for 2 minutes . stir in more flour to make a stiff
dough . on floured board , knead for 8 to 10 minutes . set in greased
bowl ; turn to grease top . cover ; let rise in warm , draft-free place
for 1 hour .
punch dough down . cover ; let rest for 15 minutes . in a large
skillet heat 1-inch water over medium low heat to a simmer ; add
remaining sugar and salt .
divide dough into 12 pieces ; shape 3 pieces into smooth balls . with
floured finger , poke a 1-inch hole in each . drop bagels into simmering
water . cook for 3 minutes . turn and cook for 2 minutes . turn again ;
cook for 1 minute more . drain on towels . repeat shaping and cooking
rest of dough .
place on greased baking sheet . mix egg white and 1 tbs water ;
brush on bagels . sprinkle with coarse salt , sesame , caraway or poppy
seed if desired . bake at 375f for 20 to 25 minutes . remove from
sheets . cool .

yield : 1 servings




helen 's favorite banana bread

breads

1 3/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon orange rind , grated
1 egg
1/4 cup oil
1 cup bananas
1/2 cup milk
3/4 cup sugar

sift first 5 ingredients , combine remaining ingredients , stir into
dry mix , bake at 350 for 50 minutes in a greased lined loaf pan .

yield : 1 servings




northern spy apple fritters

breads

3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon baking powder
6 tablespoon sugar
1 pinch of salt
1 egg
1/2 cup milk
1 1/2 cup vegetable oil for frying
1 northern spy apple , peeled , cored a ; nd chopped
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 confectioner 's sugar for garnish

combine all dry ingredients ( except for confectioners sugar ) . add
liquid ingredients ( except for 1 1/2 cups of oil ) one at a time ,
stirring between additions . mix in apple . let batter sit for 10
minutes . in a 1-quart saucepan over medium high-heat , heat the oil
until it crackles , not quite to the smoking point . take precautionary
measures for using hot oil ! drop batter into the oil 1 tbls . at a
time ( get close so the oil does n't splash ) . fry only 2 or 3 fritters
at a time . do n't crowd the pan . flip the fritters over and remove
onto a paper towel when golden brown . sprinkle with confectioners
sugar and serve .

makes 15 to 18 fritters .

from the cookbook , `` apples '' by robert berkley

yield : 15 servings




maxine 's cornbread muffins

breads

1/2 cup corn meal
1/2 cup flour
1 salt
4 teaspoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 egg - beaten
1 milk
1 tablespoon wesson oil

beat the egg in a measuring cup . then add enough milk to the beaten
egg to measure 3/4 cup . mix all dry ingredients together . mix egg ,
milk and oil together , and add to the dry mixture . mix well . pour
into muffin pan . bake at 450 degrees until golden brown - about 15-20
minutes .

taken from : it never turns out the same way cookbook a collection of
recipes from the kitchen of joyce & clem kohl kook-net : the improv
bbs kook-net hub ( 602 ) 991-4849

yield : 1 servings




apricot and rice muffins

breads , low cal

1 1/2 cup flour
2/3 cup whole wheat flour
1/3 cup rice bran
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup cooked , brown rice
1 1/2 cup dried apricots , diced
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup dried prunes
1/4 cup walnuts , chopped
1 cup no fat yogurth
2/3 cup maple syrup
1/4 cup oil
1/4 cup eggsubstitute or
1 egg , lightly beaten

1 . in large bowl combine flours , rice bran , baking powder and
cinnamon . 2 . stir in rice , apricots , raisins , prunes and walnuts . 3 .
in a small bowl , whisk together the yogurth , syrup , oil and egg . 4 .
pour over dry ingridients and fold together until just moistened . do
not overmix . 5 . line 18 muffin cups with paper liners . divide the
batter amoung cups . 6 . bake at 350 f until edges and tops begin to
brown , about 45 minutes . out of `` loose weight naturally '' cookbook .
typed by brigitte sealing , cyberealm bbs and home of kook-net
315-786-1120

yield : 18 servings




maple-nut bread

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg , well beaten
1 cup milk
3/4 teaspoon maple syrup
1 cup chopped nuts

sift together dry ingredients , add milk , egg , and syrup . mix only
until dry ingredients are moistened . stir in nuts . pour into well
greased loaf pan . let stand 20 minutes . bake 1 hour at 350 f .

from : steve herrick source : [ joyful jackies 4 h cookbook -
jacksonville , vt submitted by linda farrington ]

yield : 6 servings




rich white batter bread

breads

1 1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoon sweet butter
2 tablespoon honey
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon sugar or honey
4 eggs
6 cup unbleached white flour

makes 2 large loaves

in a saucepan scald the milk ; add butter , 2 tbsp honey , ginger and
salt . cool .

in a large bowl dissolve the yeast in the warm water with the sugar or
honey . when this is bubbly , add cooled milk mixture . add eggs , one
at a time , beating well after each .

add 3 cups of the flour and beat thoroughly for at least 5 minutes
with an electric mixer . ( a finer texture will result if you can let
this sponge sit , covered with a towel , for an hour or so . ) beat in 3
more cups flour or enough to form a mass which clings together ,
leaving the sides of the bowl . you may have to resort to a wooden
spoon at this point .

cover and let dough rise in its bowl until it has doubled in bulk .
stir down with a wooden spoon and divide equally between two 9x5-inch
buttered loaf pans . you may feel like you are pulling taffy but do n't
give up . smooth the dough out as best you can with the spoon or your
hands . cover and let the dough rise until it reaches the tops of the
pans . preheat oven to 375f . bake 25 - 30 minutes or until the loaves
sound hollow when tapped on the bottom . remove from the pans and put
directly on the oven rack for another couple of minutes baking .

the garden way bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 2 servings




graham crackers or digestive biscuits

breads

1 kg ( 4 cups ) whole wheat flour
250 gm ( 1 cup ) butter
250 gm ( 1 cup ) dark brown sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 lightly beaten egg
125 ml ( 1/2 cup ) hot water

cut butter into flour until mixture is like coarse meal . add all other
ingredients , but only enough water to make dough into pastry
consistency . roll out on a floured surface till very thin ( about 3 mm
[ 1/8 '' ] to 6 mm [ 1/4 '' ] thick ) . cut into small squares , depending on
what size you prefer . bake on *unoiled* baking sheets until golden
brown , about 15 minutes . cool on rack .

yield : 2 dozen . these crackers are very popular in the us for babies ,
but i have never seen them in the uk . they are delicious spread with
cream cheese and apricot preserves -- or strawberry , or red currant
jelly , etc .

yield : 6 servings




kohl 's pumpkin bread

breads

1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3 cup sugar
1 cup corn oil
4 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup pumpkin
1/3 cup water
2 teaspoon baking soda
3 cup flour

mix together nutmeg , cinnamon , sugar , oil , eggs , and
salt . add pumpkin , water , soda , and flour . grease pans
and fill 2/3 full . bake 350 degrees for 1 hour in a
preheated oven . cool 10 minutes before removing bread
from the pans .

taken from : it never turns out the same way cookbook
a collection of recipes from the kitchen of joyce &
clem kohl

yield : 1 servings




raisin nut cereal bars

breads , cookies , desserts

1/4 cup margarine or butter
3 cup miniature marshmallows
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
5 1/2 cup raisin nut bran cereal

butter square pan , 9x9x2 inches . heat margarine , marshmallows and
cinnamon in 3-quart saucepan over low heat , stirring constantly ,
until smooth ; remove from heat . stir in cereal until thoroughly
coated . pat into pan ; cool . cut into 2-1/4 x 1-1/2-inch bars . makes
24 bars .

yield : 24 bars




drop biscuits ( using biscuit mix )

breads

1 1/2 cup biscuit mix ( see recipe )
1/3 cup water

8 biscuits 96 calories per biscuit

1 . preheat oven to 425f ( hot ) .

2 . lightly grease baking sheet .

3 . stir mix and water together . mix well .

4 . drop dough by tablespoon onto baking sheet to form 8 biscuits .

5 . bake until lightly browned -- about 12 minutes .

* thrifty meals for two : making food dollars count * usda home and
garden bulletin number 244 * meal-master format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 8 biscuits




broiled cheese polenta

breads

2 1/2 cup water
2/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1 cup packed grated sharp cheddar

lightly grease 9 '' round pan . combine 1 cup water and cornmeal in small
bowl and stir to blend . bring remaining 1 1/2 cups water to boil in heavy
medium saucepan . stir in cornmeal mixture and basil . cook over low heat
until polenta boils and is very thick , stirring constantly , about 6
minutes . mix in 1/2 cup cheese . season to taste with salt and pepper .
spoon polenta into prepared pan . sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup cheese over .
( can be prepared 2 hours ahead . let stand at room temperature . ) preheat
broiler . broil polenta 5 inches from heat source utnil cheese melts and
bubbles and polenta begins to brown on edges . cool 5 minutes . cut
polenta into wedges and serve . source : bon appetit , 2/94 . mm by lyn .

yield : 2 servings




irish soda bread ( crocker )

breads , crockpot

3 tablespoon margarine or butter , softened
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour*
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup raisins , if desired
3/4 cup buttermilk

heat oven to 375f . cut margarine into flour , sugar , baking soda ,
baking powder and salt with pastry blender until mixture resembles
fine crumbs . stir in raisins and just enough buttermilk so dough
leaves side of bowl .

turn dough onto lightly floured surface . knead until smooth , 1 to 2
minutes . shape into round loaf , about 6 1/2 inches in diameter . place
on greased cookie sheet . cut an x about 1/2 inch deep through loaf
with floured knife . bake until golden brown , 35 to 45 minutes . brush
with margarine or butter. , softened , if desired . 1 loaf ( 12
servings ) ; 125 calories per serving .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 1 loaf




baked apple doughnuts

breads , desserts , quick & easy

3 cup flour
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup shortening
2 eggs -- beaten
1/2 cup milk
1 cup apples -- grated
1/2 cup chopped nuts

topping : 1/2 c butter -- melted 1/2 c sugar 2 tsps cinnamon

mix flour , baking powder , sugar , salt , and nutmeg . cut in shortening
until mixture looks like crumbs . add eggs , milk , apples , nuts and mix
thoroughly .

fill well greased tiny muffin pans 2/3 full . bake in preheated
350-degree oven for 20-25 minutes .

in a plastic bag mix sugar and cinnamon . dip doughnut tops in butter
and shake in bake to coat .

recipe by :

yield : 60 servings




maple oatmeal bread

breads

1 cup regular rolled oats
3 tablespoon butter , cut into bits
1 cup boiling water
1 cup scalded milk
1/3 cup maple syrup
2 teaspoon salt
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon quick rise instant yeast
1 egg , beaten
2 cup all-purpose flour

in a large mixing bowl , combine the rolled oats and butter . pour
boiling water over and stir until butter melts . add scalded milk ,
maple syrup and salt . let mixture cool slightly until warm to the
touch ( if using a thermometer , temperature should read 125 - 130
degrees ) . stir in whole-wheat flour , yeast and egg ; beat vigorously
with a wooden spoon until smooth . stir in enough all-purpose flour to
make a stiff dough . turn out on floured board and knead , sprinkling
surface with additional flour to prevent dough from sticking , until
smooth and elastic , about 8 - 10 minutes . shape into a ball and place
a lightly buttered bowl ; turn to coat dough on all sides with butter .
cover with a clean dry towel and let rise for
30 minutes . punch down dough and divide in half . shape into
loaves and place in 2 greased 8 1/2 by 4 1/2 inch loaf pans . brush
tops of loaves with melted butter . cover and let rise in a warm place
until double in bulk -- about 35 - 45 minutes . bake in an oven
preheated to 375 degrees for 35 - 40 minutes or until done . turn
loaves out of pans and let cool on racks . makes 2 loaves . from the
gazette , 91/02/27 .

yield : 2 servings




blueberry scones

breads

3/4 cup blueberries , dried
1 3/4 cup flour , sifted
2 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar ; plus a little more
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter
2 egg
1/3 cup cream

place blueberries in a bowl with enough hot water to cover . soak for
about 5 minutes . preheat oven to 450 f. drain blueberries . mix
together flour , baking powder , 1 tbsp sugar and salt in a bowl . cut
in butter , using a pastry blender or two knives . stir in blueberries .
in a separate bowl , beat eggs . reserve 2 tbsp and add remaining eggs
to dry ingredients . pour in cream . combine with a few swift strokes .
place on a slightly floured board and pat or roll to a thickness of
3/4 inch . cut with a knife into diamond shapes or into 2-inch rounds .
brush with reserved egg and sprinkle with sugar . bake for 15 minutes .

yield : 16 servings




play dough ( gold medal flour recipe )

breads , misc

1 cup flour
2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cold water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
15 drops food coloring of -
1 your choice

mix all ingredients in a 1 1/2 quart saucepan . cook over medium heat
for 4 to 5 minutes , stirring vigorously , until dough forms a ball .
remove from pan and let stand for 5 minutes . knead for 30 to 45
seconds or until smooth . cool completely . store in airtight container
in refrigerator .

yield : 1 servings




naan

breads

2 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon dry yeast
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup water

combine ingredients to form a dough . let rise until doubled , for
about 1 hour . punch dough down and divide it into 10 parts . roll each
into a thin circle . brush one side with water . spray griddle with
noncaloric spray . put circles on hot griddle , watered side up . bake
until half done -- lightly browned , about three minutes . transfer to
cookie sheet . bake in 400 degree oven until done ( about 5 to 10
minutes ) or use broiler for about 1 minute to finish cooking .

yield : 10 servings




casareccio ( rustic wholewheat bread )

breads , italian , bakery

1 teaspoon dried yeast
1/4 cup warm water
3 1/2 cup water at room temperature
13/16 cup biga pugliese , see recipe
3 3/4 cup wholewheat flour
3 3/4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon salt
1/3 lb walnuts -=or=-
1/2 cup shelled pistachios -=or=-
1/3 cup pitted italian black olive , - all o ; ptional

stir the yeast into the warm water & let proof for 10 minutes . add the
remaining water & the biga , then the flours & the salt . mix with a
wooden spoon for 5 minutes . the dough will not pull away from the
side of the bowl . wet your hands & knead on a lightly floured board
to ensure that all the ingredients are well mixed . turn into a
lightly oiled bowl , cover with plastic wrap & let rise at room
temperature until it has almost tripled in volume , 3 to 5 hours . this
dough works very well if left to rise overnight or in the
refrigerator . let it come back to room temperature before shaping .
flour your work surface very well & flour a scaper . turn the dough
onto the work surface , but do not punch down . divide into 3 equal
pieces . work in your filling if using by flattening the dough &
sprinkling equal amounts of filing over the dough . turn in the sides
of the dough & roll each piece into a ball , being gentle but at the
same time pulling the skin taut . place the loaves on floured
parchment paper set on baking sheets , cover with a heavy cloth & let
rise until doubled , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 450f . bake the
loaves for 15 minutes . at this point the dough should be set you can
remove the paper . slide the loaves directly onto the baking sheets &
bake until crusty & golden , about 30 to 35 minutes .

yield : 3 sm . loaves




molasses cookies ( prodigy )

biscuits

1/4 cup molasses
1/2 cup shortening
3/4 cup dark-brown sugar
1 egg
1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
-- -- optional spices -- --
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

preheat the oven to 350f . mix the molasses , shortening , brown sugar
and egg in a bowl , combining well . mix the flour , salt and baking
soda together , add to the first mixture and blend thoroughly . arrange
by teaspoonfuls on ungreased cookie sheets , about 1 inch apart , and
bake for 6 to 8 minutes or until crisp and lightly browned .

for spiced molasses cookies : add ground ginger , ground cloves ,
cinnamon , and nutmeg to the flour mixture .

these come from the new edition of `` the fannie farmer cookbook ''
( alfred knopf ; 1990 )

marion cunningham

prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 40 servings




del rossi pizza

breads , pizza

1 cup boiling water
3 1/4 cup flour
1/2 tablespoon salt
1 pizza sauce
1 teaspoon sugar
1 mozzarella cheese
1 tablespoon cooking oil
1 oregano
1/4 cup lukewarm water
1 salt
1 pepper
1 oil
1 yeast cake

in a large bowl combine boiling water , salt and sugar . stir untill
dissolv ~ ed and let cool . dissolve yeast completely in warm water
and add to first mixture . after it has cooled off , add 1 cup of flour
and whip well with a wire whip or beat with egg beater . add
remaining flour , mix by hand and knead into a ball . place dough in a
lightly greased large bowl . brush top with oil and cover with a
towel . let rise in a warm place for 15 minutes . remove dough to a
well floured board and knead a few minutes . rol roll dough out thin
and place in a lightly greased baking pan . sprinkle surface with oil
and let rise 15 minutes . cover with pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese
and sprinkle lightly with oregano , salt , pepper , and oil . after pizza
is ready , bake in oven at 425 degrees untill crisp , 25 to 30 minutes .
serves 4 . ( from recipe of mrs. j. volpe )

yield : 4 servings




chapatis ( roti )

breads

1/2 cup whole wheat flour
2/3 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1/2 cup water approximately
1/4 teaspoon salt ( optional )

make up the dough approximately 1/2-hour before you need it . allow the
dough to rest about 10 minutes . pinch off portion of dough to form a
ball about 1 1/2 inches in diameter . roll ball flat on lightly
floured surface . pat back and forth between hands until thin .
( patting makes the chapati puff when baked . )

cook on top of the stove on ungreased griddle until browned and
puffed . use medium heat so the griddle does not get too hot .

yield : 10 servings




christmas tree coffee cake

breads , cakes , yeast

1 cake compressed yeast ; or ... dry yeast
3/4 cup milk ; scalded
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter or margarine
3 cup sifted all-purpose flour - ( plus mo ; re as necessary )
2 eggs ; beaten
1 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
1/2 cup diced mixed candied fruits

soften yeast in lukewarm water . ( use warm water for dry yeast . ) pour
scalded milk over sugar , salt and butter . cool to lukewarm . stir in 1
cup flour and eggs . add softened yeast and oats . combine 1/4 cup
flour and candied fruits ; stir to coat fruits evenly with flour . add
to dough ; mix well . stir in enough more flour to make a soft dough .

turn out on lightly floured board or canvas ; knead until smooth and
satiny , about 10 minutes . round dough into ball ; place in greased
bowl ; brush lightly wtih melted shortening . cover and let rise in
warm place until double in size , about 1 hour .

punch dough down ; cover ; let rest 10 minutes . divide dough in half .
from one half , pinch off 17 pieces of dough ; shape to form balls .
arrange balls in the shape of a christmas tree on greased cooky
sheet . brush lightly with melted butter . repeat with other half of
dough . cover ; let rise in warm place until nearly double in size ,
about 1 hour .

bake in preheated moderate oven ( 375 f. ) about 20 minutes . decorate
with confectioners ' sugar frosting and candied citron .

yield : 2 cakes




berry breakfast puff

breads , breakfast

3 eggs
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 icing sugar
1 1/2 cup berries
1 plain yogurt or
1 whipped cream

in bowl , whisk eggs with flour ; gradually whisk in milk , then
granulated sugar and vanilla . pour into greased 8-inch ( 20 cm )
skillet ; bake in 425 degree f oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until
puffed and golden . dust with icing sugar ; mound berries in centre .
serve immediately with yogurt . makes 2 servings .

yield : 2 servings




banana & mango bread

breads

1 cup butter
1 1/4 cup packed brown sugar
3 eggs
3 cup self-raising flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg
1 1/2 cup mashed ripe bananas
1 small ripe mango
1 cup golden raisins
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

* the recipe says to use self-raising cake/pastry flour and the small
ripe mango should be peeled and pureed . in a bowl , cream the butter
with sugar until fluffy ; beat in eggs , one at a time , until
incorporated . in another bowl , combine self-raising flour with salt ,
cinnamon and nutmeg . combine mashed bananas with mango puree . mix the
dry ingredients and banana mixture , alternately , into the creamed
mixture until batter is just combined ; fold in raisins and nuts . pour
batter into 2 greased 8 1/2 by 4 1/2 inch loaf pans . bake at 350
degrees for 50 - 60 minutes or until cake tester inserted in the
centre tests done . leave in pan for 10 minutes ; remove form loaf pans
and let cool on racks . makes 2 loaves . from the gazette , 91/02/13 .

yield : 2 servings




corn bread or muffins

breads , cakes

1 pkg corn bread mix ( see mm # : 31 )
2 eggs
1 cup milk
4 tablespoon melted butter ( 1/2 stick )

preheat oven to 400 f. grease or spray with food release 1 eight inch
square pan or 12 muffin cups .

empty mix into a mixing bowl . in separate bowl beat liquid
ingredients until well mixed , and stir into dry ingredients until
just moistened . do n't overmix . spoon batter into prepared pan or
muffin cups . a # 12 food dipper ( ice cream scoop ) works nicely for
muffins , cupcakes , etc .

bake muffins for 20 min. , bread for 25 to 30 min .

variations : use 1 1/4 cups biscuit mix ( mm # : 27 ) and 1 1/4 cups
cornmeal . add sugar as desired .

substitute buttermilk in place of sweet milk + pinch or 2 of baking
soda .

yield : 1 pan or 12 muffins .

yield : 1 servings




waffles - history

breads , breakfast

1 text

waffles are as american as apple pie , and like apple pie are an
import . the word `` waffle '' and probably the food , comes to us from the
dutch `` wafel '' , but the french eat them too , calling them `` gaufre ''
from the old french `` wafla '' . whatever their provenance , waffles have
been eaten by americans since pilgrim times .

europeans eat their waffles as a sweet course , topping them with
powdered sugar , whipped cream , or honey or stuffing them with icing .
americans have occasionally served waffles for dessert - perhaps a
chocolate waffle with ice cream - but in general we eat them for
breakfast with all-american maple syrup . at least now we do , if we
eat waffles at all .

but in the thirties , and before that , americans ate waffles with
virtually anything that could be spooned or poured over their bumpy ,
golden tops . and we ate them for breakfast , for luncheon , and for
supper . if we served them to guests at a sunday night supper , it
became a waffle supper , `` sure to be a party guests remember , ''
according to the general foods cookbook `` all about home baking ''
( 1933 ) .

and we made waffles with just about everything : cheese waffles ;
cornmeal waffles ; coconut , pineapple , and chocolate waffles ;
gingerbread waffles ; banana waffles ; cheese and tomato , date , and
peanut butter waffles ; apple waffles ; oatmeal waffles ; and prune ,
bran , apricot , and even pea pulp waffles ( which pictorial review
featured as one of their best recipes for 1927 . )

sylvia lovegren , `` fashionable food : seven decades of food fads '' 1995 ,
macmillan , ny . isbn 0-02-575707-9

yield : 1 info file




cinnamon kuchen

breads

1 each egg ; beaten in cup - milk t o
3 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 each apples ; sliced
1 topping ; -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -
1 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 tablespoon flour
1/2 tablespoon cinnamon

mix together , pour into greased pan , top with topping . ( apples may be
omitted . )

note : no time or temperature given . assume moderate oven 350 - 400 f .
source : mrs. glenn hoelzer , pain township grange , wayne county , oh

yield : 1 servings




maple monkey bread

breads

5 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup sugar
2 pkg yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup butter
2 each eggs
1 cup maple syrup
1 cup chopped walnuts

in large bowl , combine 2 cups flour , sugar , undissolved yeast and
salt . heat milk , water and 5 tbs . butter until very warm ( 120 to 130
degrees f ) ; stir into dry ingredients . mix in eggs and enough
remaining flour to make soft dough . knead on floured surface until
smooth , about 6 minutes . cover ; let rest 10 minutes . divide dough
into 32 pieces ; roll into balls . melt remaining butter , dip balls in
butter . layer evenly in bottom of greased 10-inch tube pan with
non-removable bottom ; 1/3 cup syrup , 1/2 cup nuts , 16 balls , 1/3 cup
syrup , 1/2 cup nuts , 16 balls and 1/3 cup syrup . cover , let rise in
warm place until doubled in size , about 30 to 40 minutes .

bake at 375 degrees f for 35 minutes or until done , covering with foil
during last 10 minutes . invert on serving plate .

yield : 1 loaf




quick graham bread

breads

1/2 cup brown sugar
3/4 cup cold water
1/2 cup melted shortening
3/4 cup milk
1 cup white flour
1 1/3 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup graham flour

dissolve sugar in water ; add shortening and milk . sift white flour ,
measure , and sift with salt and baking soda . add to first mixture . add
graham flour . mix thoroughly . bake in well-oiled bread pan , in
moderate oven ( 375 f ) 1 hour . 1 loaf . the household searchlight -
1941

yield : 6 servings




patio skillet bread

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 cup cornmeal
2 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon poultry seasoning
3 eggs , slighty beaten
2 cup milk
1/3 cup shortening , melted
1 1/2 cup celery , chopped
1/4 cup pimiento , chopped
1/4 cup onion , minced

mix flour , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder , salt and poultry
seasoning . beat eggs and mix with milk and shortening . add to first
mixture . stir until just mixed . stir in celery , pimiento and onion .

pour mixture into greased 10 inch skillet or baking pan . bake at 400f ,
35-45 minutes or until well browned and done . serve hot with butter .

this bread goes well with meat and potatoes cooked outdoors on grill .

from gary ( musicook )

yield : 10 servings




pineapple lemon muffins

breads , fruits

1/2 cup brown sugar ; packed
1 teaspoon lemon peel ; grated
1/8 teaspoon nutmeg ; ground
3 tablespoon margarine ; melted
1 3/4 oz pineapple ; crushed , drained
8 maraschino cherries ; halved
2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon nutmeg
1 egg ; large , beaten
1 cup skim milk
3 tablespoon vegetable oil

servings : 4

combine the brown sugar , lemon peel , the first 1/8 ts nutmeg and the
melted shortening . divide the mixture evenly among 16 greased muffin
cups . place a spoonful of the drained canned pineapple and a cherry
half in the bottom of each cup . in a mixing bowl , combine the flour ,
sugar , baking powder , salt and remaining nutmeg . make a well in the
center of the mixture and add the egg , milk and oil which have been
blended well before adding . add all at once to the dry ingredients
and stir until just moistened and no streaks remain . spoon into the
prepared muffin cups and bake in a 375 degree f. oven for 18 to 20
minutes or until done . remove from the oven and immediately invert
the muffins onto a wire rack to cool .

yield : 4 servings




cheese bread ( libum )

breads

1 cup feta cheese , drained ,
1 crumbled , and packed into
1 the measuring cup
1/2 cup unbleached , all-purpose
1 flour
1 egg , beaten
6 bay leaves
2 tablespoon honey

1 ) put the cheese into a medium sized mixing bowl . mash well with
the fingers until it becomes a smooth , lumpless paste . add the flour
and mix well with the fingers . add the beaten egg and mix well . the
dough will be rather sticky .

2 ) divide the dough into two equal parts , then form two round ,
flat , 1/2 inch thick loaves . lay each on three bay leaves set on a
greased baking sheet , and bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for 1
to 1-1/2 hours , or until cooked through .

3 ) remove the loaves from the oven , spread the tops with the
honey , and let cool . remove the bay leaves before serving . note : if
feta cheese is unavailable , use 1 cup cottage cheese and add 1/4 cup
extra flour ( but the taste is inferior ) .

yield : 2 servings




bacon walnut & feta focaccia

breads

4 strips bacon
1 ( 6-to-7-inch plain focaccia
1 or pizza crust
1 green onion , green part only
1 minced
2 tablespoon chopped walnuts
2 tablespoon crumbled feta cheese

fry bacon in skillet until crisp . drain on paper towels . crumble and
arrange on focaccia . sprinkle with onion , walnuts and feta cheese .
place on baking sheet . bake at 400 degrees until cheese melts and
ingredients are hot , 6 to 10 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 2 servings




bread ( master recipe )

breads

1 cake compressed yeast
1 or 1/2 cake dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon melted shortening
1 1/2 cup lukewarm water
5 to 5 1/4 cups flour

soften yeast in water . add sugar , salt , and shortening . add flour
gradually , beating thoroughly after each addition until the dough is
just stiff enough to knead . turn onto lightly floured board . knead
until dough is smooth and elastic . cover with a warm , damp cloth .
set in warm place and allow to double in bulk . ( if dry yeast is used
allow dough to rise overnight in warm place . ) work down , cover with a
warm , damp cloth , and allow dough to again double in bulk . work down
lightly . form into loaves . place in well-oiled pans . again cover with
a warm , damp cloth . set in a warm place , cover , and let rise until
double in bulk . bake in hot oven ( 450 f ) for 15 minutes . reduce the
heat slightly and continue baking ( 410 - 425 f ) for the remainder of
the time . total baking time 40-45 minutes . from 4- 4 1/2 hours are
required for the entire process . 2 medium sized loaves . the household
searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




potato pancake bread ( lompe )

breads , ethnic , pancakes

2 lb ( 6 medium sized ) old potatoes ( the ; older , the better )
1 tablespoon salt
1/4 lb ( 1 cup ) flour

this excellent soft pancake wrapper , easily made at home , is eaten in
norway with butter and 'geitost ' cheese , or used to wrap delicious
little morsels of smoked ham , 'fenalar ' , dried and salted leg of
mutton , or a spoonful of berry conserve .

you will need a griddle or a heavy frying pan , or best of all , a
'takke ' . boil the potatoes in their skins . peel them as soon as they
are cool enough to handle and immediately mash them with the salt .
speed makes light pancakes . mix with the flour into a dough . ( less
or more flour may be needed - potatoes are very variable . the less
flour you use , the better . ) form into a long sausage and chop of
lengths . roll these pieces out into pancakes about 1/8 inch thick .

bake the 'lompe ' on a hot iron surface .

yield : makes 10 to 12 small pancakes time : 1 hour

from : `` the old world kitchen - the rich tradition of european peasant
cooking '' by elisabeth luard , isbn 0-553-05219-5 posted by : karin
brewer , cooking echo , 7/92

yield : 10 servings




basic pizza dough

breads , italian

4 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 white flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup olive oil
2 pkg dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
2 teaspoon light brown sugar

measure 1/2 cup warm water ( 110 f ) into 2 cup container and stir in
the brown sugar . ( make sure water is warm , not hot - too hot will
kill the yeast ) . dissolve the 2 packages of dried yeast in the water
and set it aside for 5 minutes . will become frothy . ( about 2 cups
worth ! )

sift 4 cups of the flour and the salt into a large mixing bowl . make
a depression in the middle of the flour and pour in 3/4 of the olive
oil and 1 cup of warm water . when the yeast is ready , add it also .

dust your kneading surface with flour , then mix the ingredients in
the bowl with your hands . place dough ball on the floured surface
and knead from 8 to 10 minutes . add flour to the kneading surface if
the dough is too sticky or wet . eventually the dough will become
elastic .

rub the insides of a clean bowl with the remaining olive oil and
place the dough in it , coating the dough with olive oil by turning it
in the bowl . cover with a clean cloth and let rise in warm ,
draft-free place until double in size , 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours . an
oven with the light on or a lit burner pilot will provide suitable
heat for rising dough .

when dough has risen , divide into two halves , then roll each out on
floured surface . a round shape may be cut out with table knife using
12 '' bowl or plate as template .

sufficient for 2 12 '' thin-crust pizzas , or 1 12 '' thick-crust .

hint : before filling and baking , form rim around outer ring of pizza
dough to hold ingredients better . brush the inside area of the
dough , not the rim , with olive oil and let the dough sit in a warm
place and rise a little before filling . then spoon in sauce , cover
with 1 lb . mozzarella cheese , add meat toppings , then cover with
mozzarella/parmesan mixture of cheese . then brush rim of pizza crust
with olive oil . sprinkle the pizza pan or oven tiles with cornmeal to
prevent pizza from sticking to cooking surface !

the very best : cook on a pizza stone or oven tile at 500 f. the
unglazed oven tile makes a huge difference in the crispiness and
texture of the crust . it absorbs moisture and keeps oven temperatures
even . may even be removed with pizza and set on a rack on table -
will keep pizza warm much longer .

yield : 4 servings




pretzels & beer bread

breads

1 ingredient
1 pkg yeast
1/4 teaspoon ginger
1/4 teaspoon sugar
3 cup better for bread flour
2 tablespoon gluten
1 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/3 cup pretzel sticks ; thin/broken
1 in half
1 egg white
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
12 oz light beer plus - >
1/4 cup water ; heated

add all ingredients into the pan in the order listed . select white
bread and push `` start '' containing no cholesterol and negligible
sugar ; this exciting bread is perfect for party snacks or sandwiches .

yield : 1 servings




sour dough bread

breads

2 cup batter
2 tablespoon sugar
1/8 teaspoon soda
1/4 cup melted shortening
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt

sour dough bread pour 2 c. batter into depression in a quantity of
flour . add melted shortening , soda dissolved in small amount of
water , sugar and salt . mix until you form a ball you can handle .
knead just the flour the dough will hold . grease well . set aside to
raise double . cut , place in greased pan . brush with milk . set aside
to raise double - 1/2 hour . bake at 400 degrees f. 35 to 45 minutes .

yield : 4 servings




english muffins

breads , breakfast

-- -- sponge -- --
1/4 cup warm water ( 110f )
1 pinch sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm milk ( 110f )
2 tablespoon unsalted butter , cut in
1 small pieces and softened
1 tablespoon honey
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
-- -- dough -- --
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cornmeal

sponge : butter a 4 quart mixing bowl . in a small bowl , combine warm
water and pinch sugar . sprinkle yeast over water mixture . let stand
until yeast dissolves and bubbles . while yeast is dissolving , in
buttered bowl combine warm milk , butter and honey . stir until butter
is almost melted . stir in 2 1/2 cups flour and dissolved yeast . beat
on high speed for 3 minutes . cover and let rise in warm place until
doubled , about 30 minutes .

dough : butter a 4 quart bowl . stir salt into bread mixture . stir in
enough of remaining flour with a wooden spoon until dough forms a
ball . turn dough out onto a well-floured surface . knead until smooth
and elastic , about 8-10 minutes , adding enough of remaining flour to
keep dough from sticking . place dough in buttered bowl , turning once
to butter surface .

cover and let rise in a warm place until double , about 45 minutes .
punch dough down . divide dough in half . sprinkle board generously
with cornmeal . turn dough out on board . sprinkle cornmeal over top of
dough . gently roll half the dough at a time 1/2 '' thick . cut with a
floured biscuit cutter into 3 '' rounds . repeat with remaining half of
dough . knead , reroll , and cut dough scraps once , if desired . arrang
dough rounds on ungreased baking sheets 2 '' apart .

cover and let rise in a warm place until double , about 30 minutes .
heat a lightly oiled , nonstick griddle or skillet over medium-high
heat . lift some of the dough rounds with a spatula onto griddle . cook
for 2 minutes on each side . reduce heat to medium . cook , turning
every few minutes , 13-18 minutes until done in crnter . cool on racks .
repeat cooking remaining muffins . split muffins in half crosswise
with the tines of a fork .

source : victoria magazine , january 1994 typed by katherine smith
cyberealm bbs and home of kook-net , watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 10 muffins




junco cornbread

breads

3 cup cornmeal
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup fat ( meat drippings or lard )
3 cup water

mix all the ingredients together and bake in a deep pan at 375 f for
30-35 minutes . reduce heat if bread looks as if it is forming a hard
crust . may be doubled or halved . place in mesh bags and hang outdoors .

origin : the old farmer 's almanac : hearth and home companion for 1993
shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 6 servings




bits of sunshine

appetizers , breads , cheese/eggs

1 cup margarine
8 oz sharp cheddar cheese ; grated
1 cup sour cream
2 cup self-rising flour

melt margarine and remove from heat . add grated cheese . stir and
cool 2 minutes . add sour cream and mix well . stir in flour . fill
greased miniature muffin pans 2/3 full . bake at 350 degrees for
20-25 minutes . yield : 48 miniature muffins . ( easy to make cheese
biscuits - very rich in taste ! )

from palm country cuisine received in the july '94 swap from laura
workman

formatted for mm by pegg seevers

yield : 48 muffins




beet nut bread

breads

3/4 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
4 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup shredded beets
3 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 cup chopped nuts

( from kraft 's fresh focus , february 1987 . )

beat shortening and sugar until light and fluffy . blend in eggs and
vanilla . stir in beets . add combined dry ingredients ; mix well . stir
in nuts . pour into greased and floured 9x5 '' loaf pan . bake at 350'f .
for 60-70 minutes or until wooden toothpick inserted in center comes
out clean . cool 10 minutes ; remove from pan .

makes 1 loaf .

nutritional analysis per serving : 441.8 calories ; 23.1 grams total
fat ; ( 5.1 grams saturated fat ) ; 7.5 grams protein ; 30.9 grams
carbohydrates ; 109.6 milligrams cholesterol ; 426.1 milligrams sodium .

yield : 1 servings




cliff house zucchini bread

breads , both

3 eggs
2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup oil
3 cup zucchini ; peeled , grated drained
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup raisins ; optional
1 cup pecans
1 cup pineapple-crushed drained

beat together eggs , sugar , vanilla and oil in large bowl . stir in
zucchini .

in separate bowl , combine flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt ,
raisins and pecans . add to zucchini mixture . add pineapple and mix
well . pour into greased and floured 9x5-inch loaf pan . bake at 350
degrees 55 to 60 minutes or until wood pick inserted in center comes
out clean . makes 1 loaf , or approximately 8 servings .

each serving contains about : 725 calories ; 227 mg sodium ; 80 mg
cholesterol ; 40 grams fat ; 89 grams carbohydrates ; 9 grams protein ;
0.70 gram fiber .

from : l.a. times food section , 9/3/92 posted on genie c02 t29 m286 by
j.applebury [ appledebbie ] 9/8/92 formatted to mm by cathy svitek

yield : 8 servings




jalapeno cornbread ( claiborne )

breads

3 oz sharp cheddar cheese
2 medium jalapeno peppers
8 1/2 oz cream-style corn ( 1 can )
1 cup yellow cornmeal
3 eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup corn oil
2 tablespoon butter

preparation : adjust oven rack to center position ; heat oven to 400f .
grate cheese ( 1 cup ) and mince jalapeno peppers ( 1/4 cup ) . in a
mixing bowl , combine corn , cornmeal , egggs , salt , baking soda ,
buttermilk , oil , 1/2 cup cheese and peppers .

cooking : put butter in a 1 1/2 quart casserole or 9-inch oven-proof
frying pan ; heat in oven until butter is hot . pour cornbread mixture
into the pan and sprinkle with remaining cheese . bake until golden ,
about 35 minutes .

makes 8 servings

[ cooks ; jul/aug 1988 ] posted by fred peters .

yield : 8 servings




cheyenne batter bread

breads

1 quart sweet milk
1 tablespoon melted butter
1 pint white cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 eggs , separated

bring milk to a full boil ; stir in cornmeal slowly . cool . add
well-beaten egg yolks , melted butter and salt . add stiffly beaten egg
whites . bake in moderate oven - 375 until done .

yield : 6 servings




barley bread

breads

4 1/2 teaspoon dry yeast
2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon honey
2 cup barley flour
2 cup wholewheat flour
2 cup unbleached white flour
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 teaspoon salt

dissolve yeast in warm water & place in large mixing bowl . stir in
honey & leave till yeast becomes foamy . combine the three flours &
add half to the yeast . beat with a wooden spoon for 10 minutes . the
consistency should be of thick mud . cover & set aside to rise for 1
hour , till the dough has doubled . punch dough down & carefully fold
in olive oil , salt & 1/2 c remaining flour . gradually fold in more
flour till dough starts to come away from the sides of the bowl .
place dough on a lightly floured surface & knead well for 10 minutes .
add more flour as necessary . place dough in a lightly oiled mixing
bowl . cover & leave to double . ounch dough down again & shape into 2
domed round loaves . cut a cross in the centre . place on an oiled
baking sheet , cover & let rise till doubled , 45 to 60 minutes . bake
at 350f for
50 minutes .

yield : 1 loaf




finnish bread

breads , finnish

1 1/8 cup butter
1/2 cup sugar
3 1/2 cup flour

mix well and let stand in cold place for 1 hour . roll into strips
about 2/3-inch in diameter and cut into small pieces . brush with egg
and sprinkle with sugar and chopped nuts . bake in a moderate oven
( 350 ) till golden brown .

yield : 12 servings




maple biscuits

breads

2 cup sifted flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
5 tablespoon shortening
2/3 cup milk ( about )

sift flour with baking powder and salt . cut in shortening until
mixture is as fine as corn meal . add milk , mixing until a soft dough
is formed . knead lightly on floured board for about 20 seconds . roll
to about 1/4 inch thickness and spread well with soft butter . now
spread one half of the dough very generously with maple sugar which
has been scraped from the pail . fold the other half of buttered dough
over the sugared half . cut in 1 inch squares and place thightly
together in buttered baking pan . bake quickly in 450 f. for 15
minutes .

from : vermont cook book shared by : pat stockett

yield : 16 servings




sourdough starter ( mix )

breads

-- -- chef freddy 's own -- --
1 quart water [ luke warm ]
1 pkg dry yeast
2 teaspoon sugar
4 cup flour

1 ) put the water in a good size crock and add the yeast , and sugar
to soften ... then add the flour ... cover with a clean cloth ... 2 ) let
the mixture rise until it is light and slightly aged ( about 2
days ) ... mixture will thin as it stands , so add flour as needed ...
as yo use the sourdough from the crock replace it with equal
ammouts of flour and water ...

from marlboro country 's chuchwagon cooking and fred goslin , on
cyberealm bbs , in watertown ny at ( 315 ) =786-1120 ...

yield : 1 starter




basic bruschetta

breads , ethnic , italian

8 1/4 thick slices crusty bread
3 centiliter garlic ; cut in half length wise
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 salt

toast the bread lightly on both sides under a broiler or on a grill .
while still hot , rub each slice on one side with garlic , pressing
hard to release the juices into the bread . sprinkle with salt to
taste . serve as is or spoon on topping of your choice .

tomato and herb topping : stir together 1/4 c extra-virgin olive oil ; 1
sweet ripe tomato , seeded and chopped ; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped
fresh thyme ; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil and salt and
pepper to taste .

lemon , caper , and olive topping : stir together 1/4 cup extra-virgin
olive oil ; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice ; 3 tablespoons
chopped pitted imported green olives and 2 teaspoons drained small
capers .

nutritional info per serving for plain bruschetta : 412 cal ; 6g pro ,
35g carb , 27g fat ( 60 % )

source : italy , the vegetarian table by julia della croce ( chronical )
miami herald , 9/7/95 format : 8/7/96 ; lisa crawford

yield : 4 servings




drop doughnuts ( kh )

breads , desserts

4 eggs
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cooking oil for deep frying
1 teaspoon grated lemon or orange peel
1 ( opt )
1 honey
1 cinnamon

beat eggs ; stir in buttermilk , vanilla extract , and grated peel .
combine flour and baking powder . stir into the egg mixture . cover
with a cloth . let stand at room temperature for 1 hour . in a deep
fryer , heat oil to 375 f. drop batter by the tablespoon . cook 4
minutes , or until doughnuts are golden brown . drain on paper towels .
drizzle with honey and sprinkle with cinnamon . serve hot .

about 30 doughnuts

note : batter keeps well in the refrigerator . bring to room temperature
before cooking .

yield : 1 servings




breadsticks ( plain or seeded )

breads

2/3 cup warm ( 110 f. ) water
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 pkg dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 cup a/p flour , or as needed
-- -- optional -- --
4 teaspoon fennel or caraway seeds or > >
2 tablespoon poppy seeds

combine the water , sugar , and yeast in a small bowl and let work till
foamy , abt . 10 min .

in the large bowl of elec . mixer , combine yeast mixture , salt , oil ,
and 1 1/4 c. flour . beat 4 to 5 min . on med . speed . if using elec
mixer , change to dough hook and on low speed , continue to add
remainder of flour as needed to make med . stiff dough . increase
speed to med . and continue to mix untill dough cleans bowl
completely . turn into greased bowl and flip so that greased side is
up . cover bowl with plastic , and let rise till doubled in bulk .

when proof is complete , punch dough down and knead in seeds if
desired . cover in bowl with plastic and let rest for 10 to 15 min .
turn out onto lightly floured working surface and divide into 32 pcs .
and lay plastic over . roll one at a time to form rope about 7 or 8 ''
long ( they 'll be very thin ) . place on lightly greased baking sheets
and proof once more until doubled . preheat oven to 325 f .

bake on shelf in center of oven untill stick are nicely browned all
over . after 5 min. , and without removing from oven , spray with water
using trigger type sprayer or place ice cubes in bottom of oven .
repeat after 5 more min. , then complete baking . cool on racks , store
airtight . will keep for weeks .

yield : 32 servings




goat cheese & spinach turnovers

breads , cheese/eggs , vegetables , greek

1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup diced red onion
2 garlice cloves , minced
2 bunch fresh spinach , stemmed , chopped
2 oz soft fresh goat cheese ( such as mon ; trachet )
1/3 cup toasted pine nuts
3 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary or 1/4 tsp dr ; ied , crumbled .
1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel
4 frozen phyllo pastry sheets , thawed
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter , melted

greens , a vegetarian restaurant in san francisco , serves these
terrific pastries

makes 12

heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat . add onion and
garlic and saute 5 minutes . increase heat to high . add spinach and
saute until wilted , about 5 minutes . drain spinach mixture , pressing
on solids to release as much liquid as possible . transfer to bowl and
cool completely . add goat cheese , pine nuts , parmesan , rosemary and
lemon peel . season to taste with salt and pepper . place 1 phyllo
sheet on work surface . cut lengthwise into 3 strips . brush with
butter . place 1 rounded tbsp filling at 1 end of dough strip .
starting at 1 corner , fold pastry over filling , forming triangle .
repeat , folding up length of pastry as for flag . brush wit butter .
repeat with remaining pastry , butter and filling . transfer turnovers
to baking sheet . cover and chill . preheat oven to 375f . bake turnover
until golden , about 12 minutes . cool slightly and serve .

origin : favorite restaurant recipes , by bon appetit shared by : sharon
stevens

yield : 12 servings




hawaiian macadamia bread

breads

3 cup unsifted all purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter or margarine ,
1 softened
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 can ( 20 oz . ) crushed pineapple ,
1 well drained , reserving 1 c .
1 syrup
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup packaged , flaked coconut
1 jar ( 3 1/2 oz . ) macadamia
1 nuts ,
1 chopped ( 3/4 c . )

combine flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt ; set aside . in
large bowl cream butter and sugar and beat until fluffy . beat in eggs
and alternately flour mixture and pineapple juice . fold in vanilla ,
coconut , macadamia nuts and crushed pineapple . bake in preheated 350
degree oven 55 to 60 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




southwestern corn bread

breads , tex-mex

1 cup yellow corn meal
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2/3 cup melted butter/bacon grease
1 cup sour cream
2 cup kernel corn
1/4 lb jack or cheddar , grated
4 oz green chiles , chopped
1/2 cup bacon bits

preheat oven to 375 f. grease 9 '' square pan or lge . cast iron
skillet . mix dry ingreds . together and make a well in center . add
geggs , butter and sour cream and blend thoroughly . fold in corn
kernels .

pour half of batter into prepared pan . cover with grated cheese and
chiles . pour remaining batter on top . add bacon bits if desired .
bake 30 to 40 min .

yield : 1 servings




boston brown bread ( crockpot )

breads , crockpot

1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 beaten egg
1/4 cup molasses
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon cooking oil
3/4 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon raisins

stir together flours , cornmeal , baking powder , soda , and salt .
combine egg , molasses , sugar and oil . add flour mixture to molasses
mixture alternately with buttermilk ; beat well . stir in raisons . turn
batter into two well greased 16 ounce vegetable cans . cover cans
tightly with foil . place cans in crockery cooker . cover and cook on
high heat setting fro 3 hours . remove cans from cooker . cool 10
minutes in cans . serve warm . makes 2 loaves .

hope this is what you 're looking for ! steve

from : spteach @ interaccess.com ( steve rosenzweig ) on rec.food.cooking

yield : 1 servings




helen 's cinnamon raisin bread

breads

-- -- mm by helen peagram -- --
2 1/2 cup milk
2 oz fresh yeast or
2 tablespoon dried yeast
3 1/2 oz sugar
2 teaspoon cinnamon ( or to taste )
2 lb strong plain flour ( bread )
1 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 oz margarine or butter
1/2 cup raisins ( or to taste )

place the milk and margarine in a saucepan ( i use microwave ) and heat
gently until butter melts . mix the yeast and sugar together in the
mixing bowl . cream the yeast and sugar with a little warm milk . ( the
milk should be at blood heat 38 c ( 99 f ) )

add the remaining liquid at 37 c , the flour and the salt and commence
kneading the mixture at speed 2 . cut dough in half and roll each half
out on lightly floured surface . sprinkle half of raisins on each
rolled out half and roll up . place each shaped loaf in pan . allow to
rise until the dough is double its original size and bake at 375 for
30-35 minutes .

yield : 2 servings




dried tomato crostini

appetizers , breads , ethnic , sun-dried

12 sun-dried tomato halves ; dry pack
1/4 cup boiling water
2 tablespoon balsamic or red wine vinegar
1 medium tomato ; peel , seed , chop
1/4 cup red onion ; finely chop
4 pitted ripe olives ; minced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoon parsley ; snipped
1 centiliter garlic ; minced
1/2 teaspoon capers ; drain , chop
1 cracked black pepper
8 oz loaf baguette-style french bread
1 parmesan or mozzarella ; shred
1 fresh thyme sprigs ; optional

combine dried tomatoes , water and vinegar . let stand for 15 to 20
minutes to soften tomatoes . drain . discard liquid . cut dried tomatoes
into thin strips ; return to bowl . stir in ripe tomato , onion , olives ,
oil , parsley , garlic and capers . season with pepper . bias-slice bread
into 24 pieces , about 1/2 '' thick . place bread slices on a baking
sheet . bake in a 350~ oven for 3 to 5 minutes or till light brown .
turn bread over ; bake for 3 to 5 minutes more or till light brown .
spoon tomato mixture onto toasted bread and serve immediately . or , if
desired , sprinkle added paremsan cheese or mozzarella over tomato
mixture ; return to oven for 3 to 5 minutes more or till cheese is
melted . garnish with fresh thyme sprigs , if desired . serve
immediately . ( wrv )

yield : 24 servings




honey buns

breads

1/2 cup orange juice
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup softened shortening
3/4 cup honey , divided
1/2 cup mashed sweet potatoes
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 eggs
1 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 cups all-purp ose fl ; our
1/3 cup butter or margarine , melted
2 cup chopped pecans or raisins

from the bread cookbook by lena sturges . heat orange juice to
lukewarm ; add salt , shortening , 1/4 cup honey , and sweet potatoes .
mix well and add yeast . when yeast is dissolved , add eggs and beat
well . add flour ; mix until soft dough forms . knead dough gently in
bowl .
form dough into ball and put in a greased bowl . cover and let
rise in warm place until dough is light and doubled in bulk ( about 1
1/2 hours ) .
combine butter , 1/2 cup honey , and pecans . spread over bottoms
of 2 greased 12- by 8-inch baking pans .
turn dough out onto floured surface ; divide in half and fit into
pans over honey-nut mixture . using two well-greased , sharp knives ,
cut each pan of dough into 15 buns . cover and let rise until doubled
in bulk ( 30 minutes ) . bake at 325 degrees for 25 minutes . cool 5
minutes before turning out onto racks or serving plate . yield : 2 1/2
dozen buns .

yield : 30 servings




bean muffins

breads , quick & easy

1 1/2 cup cooked am anasazi beans - drained
1 1/2 cup bean juice , water or milk
1/2 cup molasses or maple syrup
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1 1/2 cup am whole wheat flour
1/3 cup carob powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 pinch nutmeg

blend beans , juice , molasses , egg , and vanilla in a blender or food
processor . add dry ingredients to blender and mix until smooth . fill
oiled muffin tins 2/3 full . bake at 350 f. for 25 minutes , or until
done .

source : arrowhead mills `` variety bean recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 12 lg muffins




butterscotch bubble load

breads

24 frozen dinner rolls or
16 frozen texas rolls , semi- thawed
1/2 pkg butterscotch pudding mix
1 ( about 1/3 cup , non-instant )
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1 non-stick cooking spray

spray bundt pan with non-stick cooking spray .

cut rolls in half and dip in pudding mix . arrange rolls in bundt pan .
alternately arrange dough and sprinkle with pudding mix and pecans .
sprinkle remaining pudding mix and pecans over the top .

combine brown sugar and butter or margarine and heat together until
butter is melted ( microwave for 1-1/2 minutes ) and a syrup ( not
granular anymore ) is formed . pour over rolls and cover with plastic
wrap that has been sprayed with non-stick cooking spray .

let rise until double or even with top of pan . remove wrap .

bake at 350'f . 30-35 minutes .

as soon as you take the rolls out of the oven , loosen the sides of
the pan with a knife and invert bundt pan onto a serving plate .

yield : 1 servings




cream cheese coffee cake

breads

8 oz cream cheese , softened
1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon almond extract
2 cup bisquick baking mix
1/3 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon butter or margarine , softene
1/4 cup fruit preserves ( any flavor )
1/4 cup sliced almonds

grease a round pan , 9 x 1 1/2 '' . mix cream cheese , 1/3 cup sugar and
the almond extract ; reserve . mix the baking mix , 1/4 cup sugar and
the butter or margarine until dough forms . pat in the bottom and 1 ''
up the sides of the pan . spread cream cheese mixture over the dough .
carefully , spread preserves over the cream cheese mixture ; sprinkle
with almonds . bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until golden brown
and the cream cheese is set , 40 to 45 minutes . cool 20 minutes ;
carefully , remove from the pan . refrigerate any remaining coffee cake .

yield : 8 servings




orange-currant scones *jb

breads , desserts , breakfast

3 cup all purpose flour
1/3 cup sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) chilled unsalted butter , ; cut into pieces
1/2 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening , ; cut into pieces
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled buttermi ; lk
3/4 cup dried currants
1 tablespoon grated orange peel
1 additional sugar

these scones are terrific with butter and honey or marmalade .

preheat oven to 425f . line large baking sheet with foil . stir flour ,
1/3 cup sugar , baking powder , salt and baking soda in large bowl to
blend . add butter and shortening ; using fingertips , rub in until
coarse meal forms . add 1 cup buttermilk , currants and orange peel .
stir gently until dough comes together in large moist clumps .

gather dough into ball . transfer dough to lightly floured work
surface . gently knead 3 or 4 turns to combine will . divide into 2
pieces ; flatten into 3/4-inch-thick rounds . using floured knife , cut
each round into 8 wedges . transfer wedges to prepared baking sheet .
brush with remaining 2 tablespoons buttermilk and sprinkle with
additional sugar .

bake scones until light golden brown , about 15 minutes . serve warm or
at room temperature .

bon appetit december 1997

yield : 16 servings




savory cheese biscotti

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon yellow cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 cup nonfat sour cream
2 tablespoon margarine -- melted
3 egg whites
1/2 cup shredded smoked cheddar
1 cheese -- ( 2 ounces )
1 vegetable cooking spray

combine first 6 ingredients in a large bowl . combine sour cream and
next 2 ingredients in a small bowl ; stir with a wire whisk until
blended . stir in cheese ; add to flour mixture , stirring until
well-blended ( dough will be crumbly ) .

turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and knead lightly
7 or 8 times . shape dough into a 16-inch-long roll . place roll on a
baking sheet coated with cooking spray , and flatten roll to 1-inch
thickness .

bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes . remove roll from baking sheet to
a wire rack , and let cool 10 minutes . cut roll diagonally into 24
( 1/2-inch ) slices , and place , cut sides down , on baking sheet . reduce
oven temperature to 325 degrees , and bake 15 minutes . turn slices
over , and bake an additional 15 minutes ( biscotti will be slightly
soft in center but will harden as they cool ) . remove from baking
sheet ; let cool completely on wire rack . yield : 2 dozen ( serving
size : 1 biscotti ) .

recipe by : cooking light , march 1995 , page 132

from : conni marais ( x3648 ) on fri , aug

yield : 24 servings




dow sah bow/ cha siu bow

breads , chinese

1 cake of fresh compressed yeast
1 3/4 cup of warm water
3/4 cup of sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
6 1/2 cup unsifted all purpose flour

first you need to make the dough . this dough is good for steamed or
baked 'bows ' ( buns ) . it will yield 2 dozen buns :

for the dough , you need :

dissolve 1/2 yeast cake with sugar in warm water . immediately add
baking powder and then the flour . the dough will be firm and fairly
dry . knead on board for 20 minutes until dough is elastic and smooth .
place in a mixing bowl , cover with a damp cloth and leave in a dry
warm draft-free place until dough doubles in bulk . ( about 2 1/2 - 3
hours ) . punch down the dough and knead 5 minutes more and it 's ready
to be stuffed .

if you want cha siu bow , you 'll need :

4 cups of finely diced barbecued pork 1/2 cup dehydrated onion flakes

for the sauce ( in cha siu bow ) use : 2 tsp hoisin sauce 2 tsp sherry 4
tsp oyster sauce 2 tsp ketchup 1 tsp sugar 1 1/2 tb cornstarch 1 1/2
cup chicken stock

soak the onion flakes in a cup with enough water to cover flakes . mix
sauce ingredients in a small sauce pan . cook over medium high heat
until sauce thickens . stir in diced pork and onion flakes . chill for
3 - 4 hours .

if you want dow sah bows , use a can of sweet red bean paste .

divide the filling ( pork mixture or sweet bean paste ) into 24
portions . divide dough into 24 balls . slightly flatten each ball then
roll out into 4 inch discs , leaving the center twice as thick as the
side . place 1 portion of the filling in the centre . gather up the
sides around the filling , twist dough to seal . place on a 2 inch
square piece of wax paper , twist side down . allow buns to rise in
draft-free place for another hour .

you can cook them by steaming them 15 minutes . this will give you a
white bun .

you can also bake these . preheat oven to 350 . brush with a mixture of
1 beaten egg white , 1 tsp and 1/4 tsp sugar . bake 20 - 25 minutes
until golden brown . brush with melted butter . from `` dim sum '' by rhoda
yee .

yield : 6 servings




oat crackers

breads

1 1/2 cup rolled oats
1 cup flour
1/2 cup wheat germ
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup oil
2/3 cup water

mix dry & wewt ingredients separately . then combine them together .
roll out dough 1/8 '' thick onto an oiled cookie sheet . score & bake at
325f for 25 to 30 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




sourdough starter : ( great biscuits )

breads

1 cake or envelope of dry yeast
4 cup warm water
2 tablespoon sugar
4 cup flour
1 raw potato , quartered

dissolve yeast in warm water , and then mix all ingredients in a one
gallon crock . ( do not use a metal container . ) cover with a
close-fitting lid and let the starter rise until light ( 12 hours in
warm weather , longer in cool weather ) . do not let the starter get
cold , ever . after using part of the starter , add one cup warm water ,
two teaspoons sugar , and enough flour to mix to the starter 's
original consistency . add more potato occasionally as food for the
yeast , but do n't add more yeast . use daily for best results . starter
improves with age .

yield : 6 servings




killer bread

appetizers , breads

1 10 round sour dough bread :
1 butter
1 cup mayonnaise
1 cup parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 tablespoon minced onion
1 tablespoon parsley ; minced
3 teaspoon cajun seasoning
3 tablespoon garlic ; minced + -

here 's carole rock 's killer bread from poppa rock 's
family cookbook - also . slice loaf in half
horizontally . butter cut sides of both halves3 and
toast under broiler until lightly browned . mix the
remaining ingredients and spread over both halves ,
using the entire mixture . bake at 400 deg . for 15 to
20 minutes , until top is brown and puffed . cut into
wedges and serve hot . carole 's note : if fresh basil &
oregano are available it will really make a powerful
difference , but use triple the amount of each when
using fresh herbs . margaret ... this is one of the most
popular goodies we 've had on the board . carole 's 2
poppa rock cookbooks are full of superb goodies . from :
sallie kratz ( nxmb21a )

yield : 8 servings




focaccia # 2

breads , italian

4 cup unbleached flour
2/3 fresh cake yeast ,
1 dissolved in 2/3 cup warm
1 water
10 tablespoon olive oil
1/3 cup water
2 1/2 teaspoon salt

mix 2 cups flour with the dissolved yeast . knead the dough for 10
minutes , either by hand or in the bowl of an electric mixture with a
dough hook . shape the dough into a ball , and put in an oiled bowl to
rise until doubled in bulk , about 3 hours .

punch down , put the dough on a floured board , and knead again ,
incorporating the remaining flour , 1/3 cup olive oil , water , and salt .
knead until dough is smooth and elastic . let rise again in a covered
bowl for another 3 hours .

preheat the oven to 400 degrees .

divide the dough in half and roll out on a well-floured board to
circles or squares 1/2 inch thick . brush with the remaining olive oil
and press the topping of your choice into the top of each circle .
bake on a baking sheet until golden brown , about 20 minutes . serve
warm or at room temperature , cut into wedges , squares , or triangles .

note : slashes may be made in a decorative or random pattern in the
breads before baking .

toppings : * thinly sliced rounds of yellow onion * paper-thin
crosswise slices of tomatoes and chunks of sun-dried
tomatoes * oregano leaves and slivers of garlic * coarse salt and
olive oil * rosemary sprigs , coarse salt , and olive oil * black olive
halves and coarse salt * sage leaves , coarse salt , and olive oil

yield : 1 servings




banana tea bread

breads , fruits

1 3/4 cup sifted flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup shortening
2/3 cup sugar
2 eggs , well beaten
1 cup mashed ripe bananas

preheat oven to 350 degrees . sift flour with baking powder , soda and
salt and set aside . cream shortening until light , add sugar
gradually , continuing to cream until fluffy . beat in eggs . add flour
mixture alternately with bananas , beginning and ending with flour .
spoon into a well-greased 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pan and bake about 1
hour and 10 minutes until loaf pulls slightly from sides of pan and
is springy to the touch . cool upright in pan 10 minutes , then turn
out on a wire rack and cool before slicing . about 110 calories for
each of 20 slices . posted by terri st.louis-woltmon . internet -
terri.woltmon @ sctcbbs.wmeonlin.sacbbx.com

yield : 1 loaf




pan `` fried '' whole wheat savory bread ( savory

breads , indian

1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup oat bran
1 teaspoon garlic , minced
1 teaspoon ginger , minced
1 teaspoon green chili , seeded and minced
1/4 cup cilantro , minced
1/4 teaspoon salt ( optional )
1/4 teaspoon turmeric
1 teaspoon ground cumin
6 teaspoon canola oil

water all purpose flour for dusting 1 . preheat a griddle . 2 . in a
large bowl , mix flour , oat bran , garlic , ginger , green chili ,
cilantro , salt , turmeric , and cumin . 3 . make a well in the center ,
add 2 teaspoons oil and make a crumbly mixture with fingertips . 4 .
gradually add water ( a shade under 3/4 cup ) and make a pliable dough ;
knead until smooth . 5 . divide dough into 8 equal portions and shape
into balls . flatten slightly and roll out into 5-inch ( 13 cm ) flat
rounds , lightly dusting with flour as necessary . 6 . cook each round
on the preheated griddle , top side first for 15 seconds . turn over
and cook for about 45 seconds . place on a plate and smear each side
with 1/4 tsp of oil . 7 . cook remaining rounds as above and stack on
the plate . keep covered until ready to `` fry '' . 8 . heat a nonstick
skillet and `` dry fry '' the rounds , one at a time , for 20 to 30 seconds
on each side . stack the paratha on a plate and cover until ready to
serve . serve with pickles , chutneys and raita of your choice and/or a
cup of hot tea or nonfat milk . makes 8 paratha . nutrient analysis
( per serving ) : 128 calories 4.4 g protein
: 21.5 g carbohydrates 4.4 g total fat 0.4 g saturated fat 0 mg
cholesterol 69.4 mg sodium with salt included 2.2 mg sodium with salt
omitted from : indian recipes for a healthy heart - from the kitchen
of mrs. lakhani . fahil publ . company , los angeles . 1991 . isbn
0-9630235-0-0 shared by : karin brewer , cooking echo , 9/93

yield : 8 servings




smackin cracklin cornbread

breads

2 cup self-rising corn meal
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup crackers
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
1 tablespoon flour
2 teaspoon melted butter
1 1/2 cup cracklins

mix all ingredients well . form into two pones . put additional
shortening or drippings on top . bake at 450 degrees for 20 minutes .
you may use a divided iron skillet or cornstick pan . actually , you
can use a regular on skillet if that 's all you have .

yield : 8 servings




banana bread ( blair )

breads

2 cup flour ; all purpose
1/2 cup butter ; or other shortening
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 bananas ; mashed
1/2 cup nut meats ; or raisins

mix well and turn in well greased loaf pan . bake in moderate oven 350
f for 45 minutes . remove from oven , let stand in pan a few minutes ,
then remove to cool .

source : emma blair , newbury grange , geauga county , oh mrs. w. f. work ,
hardy grange , holmes county , oh

yield : 1 servings




fat-free pumpkin bran muffins

breads , low fat

1 non-stick cooking spray
1 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin
1 cup high-fiber cereal shreds
3/4 cup skim milk
1/3 cup corn syrup , light or dark
2 egg white ; slightly beaten
1 1/4 cup flour
1/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup raisins

spray 12 ( 2-1/2 '' ) muffin cups with cooking spray . in medium bowl
combine pumpkin , cereal , milk , corn syrup and egg whites . in large
bowl combine remaining ingredients . add pumpkin mixture ; stir until
well blended . spoon into prepared muffin cups . bake in 400 f oven 20
minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . cool
in pan 5 minutes . remove ; cool on wire rack . makes 12 muffins .

each muffin provides : 0 g total fat , 0 g cholesterol , 150 calories , 4
g protein , 35 g carbohydrate , 340 mg sodium

source : karo pamphlet
: typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




orange potato bread

breads , desserts

2 3/4 cup all purpose flour , sifted
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon salad oil
1 1/4 cup fresh orange juice
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon soda
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
1/2 cup nuts , chopped
2/3 cup riced cooked potatoes

in large bowl sift together flour , sugar , baking powder , baking
soda and salt . in small bowl , beat together egg , oil , orange juice ,
orange rind and vanilla . stir in prepared potatoes . add orange
mixture all at once to dry ingredients and stir to mix well ; sift in
nuts . turn into greased 9x5x3 loaf pan . bake in 325 oven 60 min .
until cake tester inserted comes out clean . cool 10 min . remove from
pan and cool completely . source : indian cookin

yield : 1 servings




challah ( sabbath white bread )

breads , kosher

2 cakes yeast
4 teaspoon salt
3 eggs slightly beaten > > > >
1 reserve 1 tb . for brushing
1/4 cup sugar
2 cup warm water
7 1/2 cup flour ( approx )
1/4 cup veg . oul or melted crisco

soften yeast in 1/2 c. of the warm water , adding a little of the
sugar to help rise . in a large mixing bowl place sugar , salt , oil
and the rest of the water .
stir to combine . add yeast mixture which has risen and mix .
blend in the eggas and abbout 3 cups of the flour and beat well . then
knead in remainder of flour and continue to knead on floured surface
until dough is smoth and satiny , about 10 minutes . place in greased
bowl and cover . let rise in warm place , about 2 hrs . punch dough
down and divide into 2 parts . if making twists , divide each half of
dough into 3 strips about 14 '' long . braid the three strips together ,
sealing ends . or divide dough into two parts and proceed as follows :
make six large rolls of each half and place them side by side in a
greased baking pan . let rise for about 45 to 60 min . brush with
reserved eggs mixed with a little water and bake in 375 f. oven for
abt . 45 min . or until a deep golden brown . remove from oven and from
pan so bottom does not become soggy . makes 2 loaves .

yield : 2 servings




jim bowie 's hush puppies

breads , snacks , cajun , side dish

2 cup corn meal
1 cup flour
2 tablespoon minced onions
1 each egg
2 tablespoon bacon drippings
1 dash cajun seasoning
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 milk
1 deep fat for frying

mix all ingredients with just enough milk to make a thick mixture . wet
hands & roll mixture into 1 1/2 inch balls . drop into deep fat &
remove when brown . drain on absorbent paper . you can use salt &
pepper to taste in place of cajun seasoning .

yield : 2 servings




chorizo bread

breads , mexican

5 1/2 oz chorizo
3 cup flour ( not self-rising )
3 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
2 tablespoon brown sugar-packed
4 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon fennel or caraway seeds
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 3 oz . cream cheese softened
1 8 oz . cream cheese softened
1 cup milk
2 eggs
1/4 cup butter or margarine , melted

if necessary , remove sausage casing . coarsely chop sausage ; you
should have 1 cup . set aside . in a bowl , combine flour , parmesan
cheese , sugar , baking powder , fennel seeds , salt , and baking soda .

in another bowl , beat cream cheese until smooth ; then stir in milk .
add eggs , 1 at a time , beating well . stir in butter and chorizo . add
to flour mixture , stirring just to moisten . spoon batter into a
greased
5 x 9 inch loaf pan .

bake in 375 f. oven until bread browns and begins to pull away from
pan sides ( abt . 55 min. ) . let cool in pan on rack for 5 min. , then
turn out . cut bread into thick slices and serve warm . store at room
temp . for 1 day . freeze for longer storage . thaw wrapped . reheat
uncovered in 350 f. oven . yield : 1 loaf

yield : 10 servings




pumpkin cranberry bread

breads

2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2 cup sugar
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 cup solid pack pumkin
1 cup cranberries , chopped

in large bowl , combine flour , pumpkin pie spice , baking soda and
salt . in small mixer bowl , beat eggs ; beat in sugar , oil and pumpkin .
pour pumpkin mixture into dry ingredients ; stir just until moistened .
stir in cranberries . spoon batter into 2 greased and floured
8x4-inch loaf pans . bake in preheated oven at 350 for 60 minutes or
until wooden toothpick comes out clean . cool for 5 to 10 minutes ;
remove from pans .

yield : 10 servings




pizza loaf

breads , cheese/eggs , pizza , beef

1 lb french bread
1 1/2 lb ground beef
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon oregano
2 each green onions
8 oz tomato sauce
2 each tomatoes , sliced
6 each slices , american cheese
6 each slices , mozzarella cheese

cut cheese slices into triangles . split loaf of french bread ,
lengthwise . place bread on baking sheet . in a skillet , brown the
ground beef , drain . add salt , oregano , basil , onions and tomato
sauce . simmer for 5 minutes . spread half the beef mixture on each
piece of bread . alternate cheese cheese slices and tomato on top of
beef mixture .

yield : 4 servings




bread : garlic & oregano croutons

breads , soups , cheese

2 tablespoon olive oil
3 garlic cloves , finely
1 chopped
2 tablespoon grated romano cheese
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano , crumbled
1/8 teaspoon pepper
6 1/3 -inch-thick slices of
1 french bread baguette

preheat oven to 350-degrees f. heat olive oil in heavy small skillet
over low heat . add garlic and saute ' until garlic is just golden ,
about 2 minutes . drain immediately . ( reserve oil for another use . )
combine garlic with romano cheese , oregano and pepper in small bowl .
place bread slices on small baking sheet . sprinkle garlic mixture
evenly over bread . bake unti cheese melts and croutons are golden
brown on edges , approximately 10 minutes .

source : bon appetit favorite restaurant recipes volume ii

shared by cate vanicek

yield : 6 servings




fairy gingerbread

breads

1 cup sugar
1/2 cup butter
2 each eggs
1 cup milk
1 cup molasses
2 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 tablespoon ginger

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease a shallow pan .

cream sugar and butter . add eggs , milk and molasses , mixing
thoroughly .

sift flour , soda and ginger . sift again into creamed mixture . beat
well . pour into pan .

bake 45 mins .

16 pieces .

yield : 16 servings




tropical muffins ww

breads , fruits

2 1/4 cup flour , all-purpose
1/4 cup sugar , granulated
1 tablespoon baking powder
6 tablespoon margarine , unsalted
1 1/2 cup pineapple , crushed , canned no suga ; r added
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon coconut flavor , imitation

preheat oven to 375 . combine flour , sugar and baking powder , cut min
margarine until mixture resembles coarse meal . add remaining
ingredients , stir until mixture forms a sticky dough and leaves sides
of bowl ~ do not overmix . spray 12 muffins cups with cooking spray ,
divide batter amount cups . bake until golden brown - about 30 to 35
minutes . remove to wire rack and cool . serve immediately or freeze .

weight watcher exchanges : 1 bread , 1-1/2 fat , 35 optional calories .

nutritional analysis per serving : 175 calories , 3 g .
protein , 6 g. fat , 27 g. carbohydrate , 103 mg. sodium , 0 mg .
cholesterol .

calories from fat : 30 %

original recipe from weight watchers `` fast & fabulous '' cookbook .
conversion by rick weissgerber . [ genie d.weissgerbe ]

yield : 12 servings




chocolate apricot kugelhupf

breads , desserts

-- -- sponge -- --
1 1/2 cup apricot nectar
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ; sifted
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup nonfat dry milk powder
1 pkg fast-rising dry yeast
-- -- dough -- --
1/2 cup unsalted butter ; at room temperature
1 cup sugar
2 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
3 tablespoon apricot brandy
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pkg fast-rising dry yeast
2 tablespoon hot ( 125f ) water
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ; sifted
12 oz bittersweet chocolate ; coarsely chopped
6 oz moist dried apricots ; quartered
2 tablespoon firmly packed golden brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 powdered sugar
-- -- chocolate swirl cream -- --
2 oz bittersweet chocolate ; chopped
2 cup whipping cream ; plus
2 tablespoon whipping cream
2 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoon apricot brandy

for sponge , boil apricot nectar in a heavy medium saucepan over high
heat until reduced to 1 cup , about 5 minutes . pour reduced nectar
into a large bowl . cool to 120-125f . whisk in flour , sugar , milk
powder and yeast . cover tightly with plastic wrap and let rise in a
warm , draft-free area until double in volume , about 30 minutes .

meanwhile , prepare dough : generously butter a 12-cup kugelhupf pan . ( a
large bundt or angel food pan may be substituted . ) using an electric
mixer , cream butter with sugar in a large bowl until fluffy . beat in
eggs and egg yolks 1 at a time . beat in brandy , salt , vanilla and
ginger . combine yeast and 2 tb hot water in a small bowl and stir
until yeast dissolves . mix yeast mixture and sponge into butter
mixture . gradually mix in 3 cups flour . combine chocolate , apricots ,
brown sugar and cinnamon in a medium bowl . mix into dough .

spoon dough into prepared pan . cover tightly with plastic wrap and
clean kitchen towel . let stand in a warm , draft-free area until dough
rises just to the top of pan , about 3 hours .

position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350f . bake kugelhupf
until deep brown and cracking on top and tester inserted in center
comes out clean , about 48 minutes . cool on rack 20 minutes . turn out
onto rack and cool completely .

meanwhile , make chocolate swirl cream : stir chocolate and 2 tb cream
in a heavy small saucepan over low heat until chocolate melts and
mixture is smooth . cool . beat remaining 2 cups cream and sugar in a
large bowl until soft peaks form . add brandy and continue beating
until stiff peaks form . pour chocolate mixture over cream and fold
together until whipped cream is lightly streaked with chocolate .
transfer to a serving bowl and chill .

place kugelhupf on a platter . lightly sift powdered sugar over . cut
into wedges . serve with chocolate swirl cream .

source : gourmet magazine from katherine smith , kook-net : the shadow
zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 12 servings




cinnamon bread pudding

breads , desserts

6 cup cubed cinnamon swirl bread
1 ( pepperidge farm )
1/2 cup raisins
4 eggs , beaten
2 1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 sweetened whipped cream

place bread in greased 2 quart shallow baking dish . sprinkle raisins
over bread . mix eggs , milk , sugar and vanilla . pour over bread . bake
at 350 for 40 minutes or until knife inserted near center comes out
clean . serve warm with whipped cream . if desired , garnish with cinna
mon stick , mint leaf and confectioner 's sugar .

yield : 6 servings




my oatmeal bread

breads

2 cup water ; boiling
5 tablespoon margarine
3 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon molasses , dark , unsulphured
1 cup oats
2 egg , extra large , lightly beaten
6 cup bread flour
2 pkg yeast , sprinkled over flour

blend all together and knead . let rise til double and bake at 375 30
to 45 minutes

yield : 2 servings




deluxe jalepeno cornbread

breads , ethnic

1 cup yellow cornmeal
17 oz whole kernel corn
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 jalepeno peppers chopped
2 eggs beaten
1 cup buttermilk
1 pimento chopped
1/2 cup margarine melted
1 cup cheddar cheese grated
1 medium onion chopped

mix all ingredients except cheese . pour into a well-greased 9x9 '' pan .
place the 1 c. cheese on top . bake at 350^ for 45 minutes . serves 4-6
people .

source ; fiesta favorites - compiled by california home economics
teachers of

yield : 9 servings




chili-cheese bread

breads , vegetables

3 cup monterey jack cheese ; grated
4 oz chiles ; chopped , *
1 cup mayonnaise
1 each french bread ; loaf , unsliced

* you can use one can of sweet green chiles or jalapenos that have
been
chopped .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++ mix the cheese , peppers , and mayonnaise , blending well . spread
on the cut surface of the french bread , which has been sliced in half
horizontally . bake at 350 degrees f for 20 to 30 minutes and cut into
thick slices and serve hot .

yield : 6 servings




southern banana bread

breads

2 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 cup mashed , ripe bananas
1/3 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup chopped pecans

everyone has banana bread recipes , but this one uses buttermilk which
i thought was interesting .

banana bread is made all over the northern hemisphere but this recipe
is from the south .

combine flour , soda and salt in a mixing bowl . cream butter with
sugar and beat in eggs with bananas , buttermilk and vanilla . stir
into dry ingredients and fold in nuts . spoon into a greased 9 x
5-inch pan and bake in a preheated 350f oven for about an hour , or
until bread tests done in the center .

makes 1 loaf .

from the san francisco chronicle , 11/16/88 .

posted by stephen ceideberg ; november 2 1992 .

yield : 1 servings




coffee banana scones

breads

2 cup all purpose flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup mashed ripe banana
1/4 cup milk
1/4 cup strong black coffee at room tempera ; ture
1 teaspoon vanilla

in large bowl , combine flour , baking powder , salt and sugar . cut in
butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs . in separate bowl , combine
banana , milk , coffee and vanilla ; add to dry mixture , stirring
lightly to make a moist dough .

on lightly floured board , knead dough lightly for about 30 seconds .
roll out dough to 1/2 inch thickness ; cut into 3 inch rounds and
place on lightly greased baking sheet . bake in 425 f oven for 15
minutes or until lightly browned . makes about 10 scones .

source : canadian living magazine posted by linda davis

yield : 10 servings




croissants

breads

1 cup milk
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1 cup butter ; cold

combine milk , first amount of butter , sugar and salt in a small pot
and bring to a boil over high heat . immediately remove from the heat
and let stand to room temperature . in the meantime , dissolve the
yeast in the water and add it to the milk . place the liquid in a
mixer and add the flour . using the dough hook , mix until the dough is
elastic . it will be sticky . place in a bowl , cover and let rise until
double in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . place in refrigerator and chill
for 30 minutes . meanwhile , soften the remaining cold butter by
pounding with a rolling pin . roll the dough on a floured board to
form a 1/4-inch thick rectangle . spread the butter over 2/3 of the
rectangle closest to you . fold the unbuttered third over the center
third . then fold the bottom 1/3 over the doubled portion . swing the
dough around a quarter turn , that is , bring east to south . roll it
again into a 1/4-inch thick oblong . fold again in thirds . cover the
dough and place in the refrigerator for 2 hours . when the dough is
chilled , remove from the refrigerator and repeat the folding and
turning twice more . then roll the dough to 1/4-inch thickness again .
cut the dough into 3-inch squares and cut the squares on the bias to
form two triangles . roll each triangle beginning with the wide side ,
then shape the rolls into crescents . chill for 30 minutes in the
refrigerator before baking . preheat oven to 400f . bake for 10
minutes . reduce heat to 350f and continue to bake another 15 minutes .

michael roberts - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 12 servings




cranberry almond bread

breads , fruits

2 cup flour ; sifted
1/2 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup orange juice
1 egg ; beaten
2 cup cranberries ; chopped
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup shortening
1 tablespoon orange zest
1/2 cup almonds , sliced

approx . cook time : 1:20

sift together the dry ingredients . cut in the shortening . combine the
juice , orange zest , and egg ; pour over the sifted dry ingredients and
mix with a few quick strokes . fold in cranberries and nuts , reserving
a few almond slices to sprinkle on the top for garnish . spoon into a
loaf pan and garnish . bake at 350 f for one hour or more . remove
from pan and cool .

-- linda graham

yield : 1 loaf




raised donuts

breads

1 cup sugar
1 cup milk , scalded
2 tablespoon melted butter or butter substitute
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , well beaten
1 flour
1/2 cake dry yeast
1 or 1/2 cake compressed yeast
1/4 cup lukewarm water
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 or
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon

scald milk , at night , and add butter and salt . cool until lukewarm .
add yeast , softened in lukewarm water , and nutmeg or cinnamon . cut in
enough flour to make of soft roll dough consistency . cover and let
rise overnight . next morning cut down , add sugar , eggs , and enough
additional flour to form a soft roll dough . cover and let rise until
double in bulk . turn onto lightly floured board , roll in sheet 1/3
inch thick , cut with lightly floured cutter . cook in deep , hot fat
( 365 f ) . drain on crumpled , absorbent paper . the doughnuts should
rise to the top and begin to brown almost instantly . 48 doughnuts .
florence taft eaton , concord , ma .

yield : 6 servings




lamb & tomato bread lachmanjan

breads , armenia , flatbread

-- -- dough -- --
1/2 teaspoon honey
1 cup warm water
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour or bre ; ad flour , pref bread
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour , up to 2c
-- -- topping -- --
1 teaspoon olive oil
1/4 cup shallots or onion ; chop fine
3 garlic cloves ; chop fine=1tb
1/4 lb lamb ; lean , ground fine=1/2c
1 can plum tomatoes ; 14oz can drained and chop
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/2 teaspoon salt ; or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon black pepper ; grind fresh
1 1/2 tablespoon pine nuts ; toasted or more

: to prepare dough ; in a large bowl , combine honey and water .
stir in yeast and set aside for 5 minutes . stir in unbleached flour ,
followed by salt , oil and 1/2 cup of the whole wheat flour . stir 100
times in the same direction to properly develop the gluten . gradually
stir in additional flour until the dough becomes too stiff to stir .
turn out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth
and elastic , 8 to 10 minutes . ( it will still be somewhat sticky . )
transfer the dough to a large , lightly oiled bowl , cover with plastic
wrap and let rise until more than doubled in volume , 1 1/2 to 2 hours .
: to prepare topping : meanwhile , heat oil in a skillet over
medium heat . add shallots and garlic and cook , stirring occasionally ,
until soft , 2 to 3 minutes . add lamb and cook until the meat changes
color , 2 to 3 minutes . stir in tomatoes and simmer over medium-low
heat until slightly thickened 3 to 4 minutes ; drain off any excess
liquid . the filling should be moist but not watery . stir in cinnamon ,
allspice , salt and pepper . transfer to a bowl , cover and refrigerate
until baking time .
: to assemble and bake breads ; once the dough has risen , lightly
punch it down and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface . with a
sharp knife , cut into 12 pieces . cover and let rest for 5 to 10
minutes . preheat oven to 450 degrees f. lightly oil 2 baking sheets
or coat them with nonstick cooking spray .
: lightly flour your palm . flatten one piece at a time , keeping
the rest of the dough covered . with a rolling pin , roll out each
piece ( or with your hands , stretch it out ) to a 4-inch circle .
transfer to a prepared baking sheet .
: in the center of each circle , spoon about 1 1/2 tablespoons
of the topping , spreading it almost to the edge . sprinkle each with a
few pine nuts . bake the breads , one sheet at a time , in the lower
third of the oven until lightly browned , 7 to 12 minutes . serve
hot ... .

yield : 12 flatbreads




pumpkin doughnuts

breads , desserts , quick & easy

2 eggs -- beaten
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon oil
1/2 cup buttermilk
1 cup pumpkin , canned
4 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 sugar for coating

beat eggs and sugar until light and fluffy . add oil , pumpkin and
buttermilk .

mix dry ingredients together and add to egg mixture . chill 1 hour .

turn out on floured board and roll to 1/2 inch thickness . cut with a
doughnut cutter .

deep fry ( 375-degrees ) until brown on one side . turn over . brown
other side . drain well on paper towels and roll in sugar .

recipe by :

yield : 24 servings




pancakes ( using mix # 23 )

breads

2 eggs -- 3 for richer cakes .
1 1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon unsalted butter , melted
1 bag pancake & waffle mix > > >
1 see # 23

in mixing bowl , beat eggs with a whisk until they are well mixed , then
whisk in the milk and melted butter .

add the mix and stir the batter with a fork or the whisk just until
the dry ingreds . are moistened -- it will be a little lumpy .

bake pancakes on hot griddle , greased or not according to
manufacturer 's instructions . if using elec . griddle or skillet use
400 f. setting . use 1/4 scant cup per cake . turn when bubbles for all
over top and edges look dry . continue baking until no more steam
rises . serve at once .

yield : 12 servings




microwave pumpkin coffee cake

breads , microwave

1/3 cup margarine or butter
1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/3 cup sugar
1 1/4 cup flour
3/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 cup chopped nuts
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup dairy sour cream
1/2 cup cooked , mashed pumpkin
1 egg
1 glaze
1/4 cup powdered sugar
1 teaspoon margarine or butter
1 teaspoon to 2 ts milk

from : barbara sherrick

microwave pumpkin coffee cake

**

in 2 quart microwave safe bowl , melt 1/3 c margarine on high for 30 -
45 seconds or until melted ; stir in brown sugar and sugar . lightly
spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . mix in flour , pumpkin pie
spice and salt until crumbly . remove 1/2 c of mixture to small bowl ;
add nuts and cinnamon . mix well ; set aside . to remaining mixture add
baking powder , baking soda , sour cream , pumpkin , and egg . beat until
smooth . pour batter into ungreased 8 or 9 inch round microwave safe
dish . sprinkle with reserved mixture .

microwave on medium for 8 minutes , rotating dish 1/4 turn halfway
through baking . microwave on high for 3-1/2 to 5-1/2 minutes or
until cake pulls away from sides of dish , rotating dish once halfway
through baking . let stand 5 minutes on flat surface .

in small bowl , combine powdered sugar , 1 tsp margarine and enough
milk for desired drizzling consistency . drizzle glaze over coffee
cake . serve warm or cold . 8 ~ 10 servings .

yield : 6 servings




grilled vegetables & tomato bread

appetizers , breads , vegetarian , low fat , bbq

1 head garlic
1 red onion ; sliced thickly
1 medium eggplant
2 zucchini ; cut in half lwise
2 yellow squash ; halve lwise
1 yellow bell pepper ; quarter
1 red bell pepper ; quarter
1 loaf crusty bread
1 tomato
1 bunch arugula or basil

coat onion and garlic with oil and cook over medium-hot grill slowly
for 5 to 10 minutes , turning garlic often . continue to cook while
grilling vegetables .

cut eggplant into thick slice or in half lengthwise -- salt and place
in a colander to drain for 20 minutes . coat vegetables with oil and
grill a few minutes on each side until veggies are seared and brown .

slice bread and brush with oil . grill until brown on both sides . cut
tomato in half and rub over one side of hot bread . arrange grilled
veggies , bread , onion , and garlic on top of arugula and serve .

adapted from martha stewart 's what to have for dinner

yield : 4 servings




makana bread

breads

1 cup walnut pieces
1 1/2 cup mashed bananas *
2 1/4 cup granulated sugar
3/4 cup solid crisco shortening
3 eggs
3 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon buttermilk

* about 3 - 4 large , they can be overrippened and black .

preheat oven to 350 degrees . chop walnuts in blender ( remove nuts
from blender and set aside ) . cut bananas into pieces ; puree in
blender jar . with electric mixer , cream sugar & shortening at medium
speed . add eggs to creamed mixture and beat until light and fluffy .
add puree banana mixture to above . mix together the flour , baking
powder , baking soda and salt ; add to creamed mixture alternately with
buttermilk . mix thoroughly . fold in nuts . pour into greased and
floured tube pan ( can be made in loaf bread pan 's also ) . bake 60 -
70 minutes or until btread tests done with a cake tester . cool in
pan on wire rack for 1 hour , remove from pan to serving dish .

yield : 1 recipe




christmas bread 2

breads

1 lb frozen bread dough
1/2 cup candied mixed fruit
1/2 cup walnut , chopped
1/4 cup mincemeat
1 cup confectioners sugar
4 teaspoon milk
1/8 teaspoon cardamom , ground

thaw frozen bread dough according to package directions . on a lightly
flowered board pull dough out until it is 12 inches long . knead in the
fruit , mincemeat and the nuts into the dough . with a sharp knife cut
dough into 3 ropes , 12 inches long . press the 3 ropes together on one
end and braid on a greased cookiesheet . let rise in a warm ( 90 )
degree place until double in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . bake in a
preheated oven at 350 degrees f for 25-30 minutes . cool . combine the
sugar , milk and cardamom , spread this glaze over bread . collected out
of a magazine by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny
315-786-1120

yield : 8 servings




sourdough san francisco bread

breads

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
1 cup sourdough starter
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon cider vinegar
5 1/2 cup white flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 yellow cornmeal

in lg warmed bowl , sprinkle yeast over water , stir to dissolve and let
stand until bubbly . blend in starter , sugar , salt and vinegar .
gradually beat in 3 c of the flour . beat at least 3 mins . turn batter
into a lg oiled glass or ceramic bowl , cover with towel and let rise
in warm place 1 hr or until double in bulk . combine 1 c of the
remaining flour with baking soda . stir batter down and add
flour-baking soda mixture . gradually add remaining flour to make a
stiff dough . turn out onto floured board and knead , adding additional
flour only as needed to prevent sticking , approx 300 strokes of
folding and turnin or until dough is smooth and elastic . sprinkle a
greased baking sheet with cornmeal . form dough into 2 oblong loaves
and place on sheet . cover with towel and let rise in warm place 1 to
1-1/2 hr or until not quite double in size . with sharp razor , slash
the tops of loaves diagonally . mist with water and bake in 450 oven
10 mins . reduce heat to 400 and bake 35 mins longer or until bread
tests done . for a harder crust , place a pan of hot water on bottom of
oven and mist with water several times during baking . remove pan of
water after 15 mins of baking . turn out onto wire rack and cool .
note : if you like your sourdough very dar , remove the baked bread
from the pan or sheet and place under broiler about 2 mins , or until
rich brown in color .

yield : 2 servings




pumpkin waffles from southern living

breads , breakfast

2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
4 large eggs , separated
2 cup milk
1 cup cooked , mashed pumpkin
1/4 cup butter or margarine , melted

combine first 7 ingredients in a large bowl . combine egg yolks , milk ,
and pumpkin ; add to flour mixture , stirring just until moistened .
stir in melted butter . set waffle batter aside .

beat egg shites at high speed with an electric mixer until soft peaks
form , gently fold into batter .

bake in a preheated , oiled waffle iron until crisp . serve with butter ,
maple syrup and toasted pecans .

source : southern living , november , 1995 typed by j. matthews , nov .
26 , 1995 submitted by j.matthews @ factory.com ( j matthews ) on sun , 26
nov 95 202100 -0500

yield : 24 waffles




whole bran muffins

breads

1 cup flour ; sifted
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup milk
1 cup whole bran
1 each egg ; well beaten
3 tablespoon fat ; melted

sift flour once , measure , add baking powder , sugar and salt , and sift
again . pour milk over whole bran , add egg and fat to bran mixture , add
flour , stirring as little as possible . bake in greased muffin pans in
hot oven 425 f. for 20 minutes .

source : shalersville grange , portage county , oh

yield : 1 servings




foundation sponge

breads

1 cup lukewarm water
1/2 to 1 cake dry yeast flour

crumble yeast in water . allow to stand 20 minutes . add flour to make
a stiff drop batter . beat until smooth . cover and let stand in warm
place overnight until light and bubbly . the greater amount of yeast
makes the sponge work more rapidly . the household searchlight - 1941

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




pita bread

breads

5 cup bread flour ( or more )
3 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg dry yeast
2 cup water
1/4 cup oil or shortening
1 single cornmeal

combine 2 cups flour , sugar , salt and yeast in large bowl of electric
mixer and blend well . heat water and oil in small saucepan until very
warm ( 120 to 130f ) . add warm liquid to flour mixture . blend at low
speed until moistened . beat 3 minutes at medium speed . by hand stir
in 2 1/2 to 3 cups flour until dough pulls cleanly away from sides of
bowl . on floured surface knead in 1/2 to 1 cup flour until dough is
smooth and elastic with blisters under surface , about 10 minutes .
place dough in greased bowl , cover loosely with plastic wrap and
cloth towel . let rise in warm place until light and doubled in bulk ,
about 1 1/2 hours . punch down dough , divide in 2 parts , then mold
into balls . allow to rest on counter , covered with inverted bowl , 15
minutes . divide dough in 14 equal pieces and shape into balls . on
lightly floured surface , roll each ball into 7-inch circle about
1/8-inch thick . place circles about 2 inches apart on
cornmeal-sprinkled baking sheets . cover and let rise in warm place
about 30 minutes . bake at 450f 8 to 10 minutes , or until edges turn
light golden brown .
( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 14 servings




wild rice-three grain bread

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/3 cup warm water ; 105-115f
2 cup milk ; scalded and cooled to 105
2 tablespoon butter or margarine ; melted
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup honey
1/2 cup rolled oats ; uncooked
1/2 cup rye flour
2 cup whole-wheat flour
4 1/2 cup bread or all-purpose flour
1 cup wild rice ; cooked
1 egg ; beaten with
1 tablespoon water
1/2 cup sunflower seeds ; hulled

in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in water . let stand 5 minutes . mixture
should become foamy ; if not , either yeast was too old or water was
too hot . in either case , start again . add milk , butter , salt and
honey . stir in oats , rye flour . whole-wheat flour and 2 cups of bread
flour to make a soft dough . knead in wild rice . cover and let rest
for 15 minutes . then mix in enough additional bread flour to make a
stiff dough .

turn onto bread board and knead for 10 minutes , adding more flour as
necessary to keep dough from sticking . turn dough into lightly greased
bowl , cover and leave in draft-free place until doubled in bulk ,
about 2 hours .

punch down dough and knead briefly . to shape , divide dough into 3
parts ; shape each part into a strand and braid together to form a
wreath . or divide dough into 2 parts and place in 2 greased 9 '' baking
pans .

let rise until doubled , about 45 minutes . meanwhile , preheat oven to
375f . brush tops with egg-water mixture . sprinkle with sunflower
seeds . bake about 45 minutes , until loaf or loaves sound hollow when
tapped . cool on rack .

source : medford mail tribune , 28 december 1993 typed by katherine
smith

yield : 1 to 2 loafs




spiced macoun apple bread with walnuts

breads

2 tablespoon butter
1 macoun apple , peeled , cored and dic ; ed
1/4 cup walnuts , chopped
6 eggs , separated
6 tablespoon sugar
2 cup whole wheat flour , sifted
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

preheat oven to 350f . melt 1 tbls . butter in skillet , and saute apple
and walnuts until apple is softened . set aside to cool . beat egg
whites until stiff . combine sugar and egg yolks . gradually fold
beaten egg whites into yolks . fold in flour . add apples , walnuts and
spices , being careful not to overmix or batter will deflate . with
remaining buter , grease a 8x4x3inch loaf pan . gently pour batter into
pan and bake for 30 to 40 minutes , until a toothpick inserted in the
center comes out clean .

servings 6 to 8

from the cookbook `` apples '' by robert berkley

yield : 6 servings




pagan-pakwejigan ( wild nut bannock )

breads , bakery , native american , algonquin

3/4 lb hazelnuts , crushed
3 cup water
2/3 cup corn flour
1 1/3 teaspoon salt
1 cup corn oil

boil the nuts in the water until they turn to a mash . mix together the
flour & salt & add them to the mashed nuts . let the mixture thicken
for 30 minutes . heat the oil in a good saucepan . drop the mixture ,
one tablespoon at a time , into the hot oil . fry both sides until
golden brown .

yield : 15 sm . cakes




basic sourdough starter from katherine smith

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 quart lukewarm water
2 tablespoon sugar
4 cup flour ; sifted

in a large crock , holding at least 3 quarts , add yeast mixed with
water . add sugar and flour , beat to mix . cover , let rise until light
and slightly aged , 24-48 hours . starter may be kept in refrigerator
for 7-10 days without attention . then , it should be stirred and equal
amounts of flour and water added . to keep starter , pour off amount
needed for recipe , then add flour and water to remaining mix . amount
will depend on amount of starter that is left .

source : shelby lynne smith of stinson beach , ca typed by katherine
smith

yield : 1 quart




whole wheat cakes

breads , cakes

1 1/3 cup whole wheat flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon sugar
1 egg , well beaten
1 cup milk
3 tablespoon melted shortening

combine egg , shortening , and milk . blend sugar , salt , and baking
powder with whole wheat flour . beat until smooth . bake on hot
griddle . 8 servings . the household searchlight - 1941

yield : 8 servings




mennonite white bread

breads , penndutch

1 pkg yeast , dry
1/2 cup ; water , warm
1/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 cup ; water , warm
2 1/2 tablespoon shortening ; melted
6 cup flour ; more as needed to 7 c

dissolve yeast in the 1/2 cup water . in a large bowl , combine the
sugar , salt , water and shortening . add the yeast mixture . gradually
add flour to form a soft dough . turn dough out onto a floured board
and knead until smooth . place dough in a greased bowl ; turn to
grease the top . cover with a clean tea towel and let rise until
doubled , about two hours .

punch dough down ; then divide in half and form loaves . place in
previously greased bread pans . prick the tops with a fork . let rise
until higher than the pans ( about two hours ) .

bake in a 375 f. oven for 25 to 30 minutes . cool for 10 minutes .
butter the tops of the loaves . place pans on their sides until bread
loosens . remove loaves and cool completely on racks .

from amish and mennonite kitchens
by good & pellman from : sam waring
date : 24 feb 94

yield : 2 loaves




whole-wheat banana scones

beverages , breads , fruits/nuts

1 cup self-rising flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup whole-wht self-rising flour
2 teaspoon cold butter , cut into small pieces
1/2 cup milk ( about )
1 milk to brush on scones
2 tablespoon honey
2 medium ripe bananas , mashed
1 butter

a bit heavier than traditional scones , because of the whole-wheat
flour .

preheat oven to 450f ( 230c ) . lightly grease a large baking sheet .
sift self-rising flour and salt into a large bowl ; stir in
whole-wheat flour . with your fingers , rub in butter until mixture is
crumbly . make a well in center of mixture . pour in 1/2 cup milk and
the honey and mix well . add bananas and mix with a fork to form a
soft dough . turn out onto a floured surface and knead lightly . roll
out with a floured rolling pin or pat dough with your hands to make a
round about 3/4-inch thick . cut in rounds with 2-inch fluted or plain
cookie cutter . place 1 to 1 1/2 inches apart on baking sheet ; brush
tops lightly with milk . bake 10 to 12 minutes or until well risen and
browned on bottom . transfer to a wire rack and cool 5 minutes . split
and serve warm with butter . makes about 16 scones .

yield : 16 servings




pumpkin bread ( from bobbi )

breads , holiday

1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup butter/margarine
2 each eggs
1 cup unbleached flour
2/3 cup whole wheat flour
1/3 cup apple juice
1 cup pumpkin puree
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon cloves

preheat oven to 350 . cream sugars and butter together . add eggs one
at a time , beating well . mix the flours , baking powder , soda , salt
and spices .
add alternately to creamed mixture with cider and pumpking . beat
well . turn into 2 greased loaf pans . bake for 1 hour until bread
tests done . ( note from bobbi : lady who gave recipe to her usually
baked for
45 minutes . )

yield : 2 servings




citrus grain salad

breads , fruits , salads

2 large naval oranges
4 cup cooked grains , such as brown rice , ; barley or kamut
1 tablespoon grated orange zest
1/3 cup fresh parsley , minced and tightly ; packed
1 cup carrots , shredded
1/2 cup celelry , finely chopped
1/3 cup raisins or currants
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoon safflower or canola oil
1 tablespoon wine vinegar
3 tablespoon lemon juice , fresh squeezed
1/2 teaspoon sea salt or to taste
1 freshly ground pepper
1 lettuce or radicchio leaves

grate 1 tablespoon zest from oranges ( grate with gentle pressure to
remove only the colored part ) . set zest aside . peel oranges and
separate into sections . set aside about 8 sections for garnish and
coarsely chop remainder . combine grains , orange zest , chopped
oranges , parsley , carrots , celery and raisins in large bowl . for
dressing , combine oils , vinegar , lemon juice , salt and pepper to
taste in food processor or jar . pulse briefly or shake well to blend .
pour dressing over grain mixture and toss until thoroughly blended .
taste and add more salt or lemon juice , if needed , to perk up
flavors . serve on a bed of lettuce leaves and garnish with reserved
orange sections .

yield : 4 servings




lemon tea loaf

breads , genie

2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon double acting baking owder
2 tablespoon grated lemon peel
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup whipped butter
2 eggs
1/4 cup margarine
1/3 cup whole milk
1 ... garnish :
6 thin lemon slices

nonstick cooking spray ; set aide . into medium mixing bowl sift
together flour and baking powder ; stir in lemon peel and set aside .
in large mixing bowl combine sugar , butter , eggs , and margarine and ,
using electric mixer at medium speed , beat until combined ; increase
peed to high and beat until mixture is light and fluffy and double in
volume . add flour mixture alternately with milk , beating at low speed
until batter is smooth . transfer batter to prepared pan and bake for
50 to 55 minutes ( until browned and a cake tester inserted in center ,
comes out clean ) . let cake cool in pan for 5 minutes ; invert cake
onto a wire rack and let cool completly . to serve . garnish with lemon
slices and cut into 12 equal slices .

each serving provides : 1 bread exchnge ; 1 fat exchange ; 110 optional
calories . per serving : 220 calories ; 4g protein ; 9g fat ; 31g
carbohydrate ; 56 mg calcium ; 170 mg sodium ; 57mg cholesterol ; 0.8g
dietaryfiber

source : weight watchers quick success program cookbook

individul slices of this loaf may be wrapped in plastic freezer wrap
and frozen for later use ; thaw at room temperature posted by
cookie.lady [ mumsie ] on jul 16 , 1992

mm by cathy svitek

yield : 2 servings




chapatis # 1

breads , indian

1/2 cup whole wheat flour
2/3 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1/2 cup water approximately
1/4 teaspoon salt ( optional )

make up the dough approximately 1/2-hour before you need it . allow the
dough to rest about 10 minutes . pinch off portion of dough to form a
ball about 1 1/2 inches in diameter . roll ball flat on lightly
floured surface . pat back and forth between hands until thin .
( patting makes the chapati puff when baked . )

cook on top of the stove on ungreased griddle until browned and
puffed . use medium heat so the griddle does not get too hot .

yield : 10 servings




rhubarb-hickory nut bread

breads

1 cup coarsely chopped rhubarb
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
2 tablespoon milk
4 tablespoon melted butter ( 1/2 stick )
1/2 cup coarsely chopped hickory nuts

let the rhubarb steep in 1/2 cup of the sugar for 1 hour or more ( even
overnight ) stirring once or twice . toss the remaining sugar and all
of the dry ingredients together to mix thoroughly . beat the egg
lightly and stir into it 1/4 cup of the juice that the rhubarb will
have exuded after steeping , as well as the milk and melted butter .
mix the dry ingredients into the wet , stirring just enough to mix .
fold in the rhubarb ( if there is still more juice , drain it off ) and
the nuts . scrape the batter into a buttered 8-inch loaf pan and bake
in a preheated 350 f oven for 1 hour . let the loaf rest in the pan 10
minutes before unmolding , then cool it on a rack .

makes one 8-inch loaf .

[ the l. l. bean book of new new england cookery ]

yield : 8 servings




cinnamon butter buckwheat puffs

breads , buckwheat

1/2 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg ; large
1 cup flour ; all-purpose
1/2 cup buckwheat flour ; light or
1 whole
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg ; freshly grated
1/2 cup milk
1 ***topping***
1/2 cup butter or margarine ; melted
1 and cooled
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
-- -- ahchoo , t.d . in md . 03/21 -- --

cream together shortening and 1/2 cup sugar then beat in egg . stir
together flours , baking powder , salt and nutmeg . add to creamed
mixture along with milk , stirring only until dry ingredients are
moistened . divide batter among 12 buttered muffin cups ( 1/3 cup
capacity ) . bake at 350f for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown .
for topping , pour melted butter into bowl just large enough to hold 1
puff . combine 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon . dip warm puffs , 1 at a
time , in butter , coating completely . then roll in cinnamon-sugar .

makes 12 puffs .

**formatted by ah** from the birkett mills buckwheat cookbook food
and wine club topic : food software time : 03/21 7:19 pm to : frances
nossen ( swtk50b ) from : ah brown ( bsjr42a ) subject : r-mm buckwheat mega

yield : 12 servings




betty carter 's quick corn bread

breads

1 tablespoon butter
3/4 cup cornmeal , yellow or white
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 egg
1 1/2 cup buttermilk

1 . preheat oven to 400'f .

2 . place the butter in a heavy 4-cup baking dish and place in
preheated oven .

3 . combine cornmeal , salt , and soda . beat egg until blended and stir
onto buttermilk . pour over dry ingredients and stir only until
blended .

4 . remove pan from oven and tilt to distribute butter evenly . pour
batter immediately into hot pan and return to heated oven and bake
until firm and lightly browned , 20-25 minutes .

5 . serve hot with lots of soft butter and jam .

yield : 6 servings




malayan bread

breads , spicy

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg , beaten
1 water for mixing
1 melted mutton fat

yield : 4 to 5 breads cooking time : 10 to 12 minutes

sieve the flour and salt onto a pastry board or table . make a hollow
in the center and pour in the beaten egg . add a little cold water and
mix to a stiff dough . knead for several minutes . divide the dough
into 3 pieces , roll each out very thinly . spread the dough with the
melted mutton fat . pull the dough out by hand until it is paper thin .
gather up the outside ends and knead all together again . roll to a
very long thin strip . gather the dough up on one end and roll the
strip up . roll it out thinly and cut out circles 6-inches in
diameter . heat fat in a frying pan and fry the bread on both sides .

from how to make good curries by helen lawson copyright 1973

yield : 6 servings




corn-meal turnovers

breads , misc

1 1/2 cup flour
3/4 cup corn-meal
2 tablespoon melted shortening
1 egg , well beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup milk

sift flour , measure , and sift with sugar , salt , baking soda , and
baking powder . add corn-meal . combine with egg , shortening , and
milk . turn onto lightly floured board . pat into sheet 1/2 inch thick .
cut as for cookies . brush tops with melted butter , and fold half
over . place on well-oiled baking sheet . bake in hot oven ( 450 f ) 10
minutes . 8 servings . helen king , mishawaka , in .

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




pecan cinnamon buns

breads

1/2 oz yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
6 tablespoon oil
1/2 cup sugar
3 eggs
7 cup flour
1 brown sugar
1 light karo syrup
1 chopped walnuts or pecans

put yeast and 1 tbl sugar and water in a large bowl . set aside . scald
the milk , take off heat . add oil , 1/2 cup sugar , salt and cool to
lukewarm .
in a separate bowl , mix eggs and milk mixture . slowly add flour .
knead lightly , place in a lightly greased bowl and let rise until
double in size . punch down , take about 1/3 of the dough and roll to
about 1/4 '' thick . spread with the following ...
melted butter , sprinkle with white sugar , brown sugar and cinnamon .
roll dough and cut about 1 '' thick . put in *prepared pans*
( directions to follow ) . cover and let rise until double in size .
bake at 350 for 25-30 minutes . let stand for about 1 minute , loosen
rolls from the sides of the pan and turn out on wax paper to cool .
( at least to cool enough so you can pick them up to eat cause they
are best when warm . )
***** prepared pans : lightly grease bottom and sides of pan . put a
thin layer of brown sugar on bottom , chopped walnuts or pecans also .
lightly drizzle melted butter over the sugar and nuts , then lightly
drizzle white karo syrup over the mixture . if you add too much brown
sugar , butter and syrup all the `` sticky '' will run off when cooling .
you have to experiment a little to see how much to add to your liking .

yield : 12 servings




monkey bread - cooking light *jb

breads , desserts , low fat

2 loaves ( 1-pound ) frozen white bread ; dough
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/4 cup 1 % low-fat milk
1 tablespoon reduced-calorie stick margarine
1 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 vegetable cooking spray

1 because the dough has a tendency to drip as it bakes , i usually put
a cookie sheet or aluminum foil underneath the bundt pan . that way i
do n't have to clean up a mess in the oven when the bread has finished
baking . -- rita m. newton , waukon , iowa

2 thaw dough in refrigerator for 12 hours . combine 1 cup sugar and
the next 4 ingredients in a small saucepan ; bring to a boil , and cook
1 minute . remove sugar syrup from heat ; let cool 10 minutes .

3 cut each loaf of dough into 24 equal portions . combine 1/4 cup
sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in a shallow dish ; stir well . roll
each portion in sugar mixture , and layer dough in a 12-cup bundt pan
coated with cooking spray . pour sugar syrup over dough ; cover and let
rise in a warm place ( 85 degrees ) , free from drafts , 35 minutes or
until doubled in bulk .

4 uncover , and bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or until lightly
browned . immediately loosen edges of bread with a knife . place a
serving plate , upside down , on top of the pan , and invert bread onto
the plate . remove the pan , and drizzle any remaining syrup over the
bread .

nutritional information : calories 201 ( 10 % from fat ) ; protein 5.2g ;
fat 2.2g ( sat 0.5g , mono 0.8g , poly 0.8g ) ; carb 40.1g ; fiber 0g ; chol
0mg ; iron 1.4mg ; sodium 302mg ; calc 41mg

from cooking light , jan/feb 1995 , page 102 .

yield : 24 servings




holiday fruit-and-nut bread

breads

2 cup dried apricots , snipped ( 1/2 pound )
1 1/2 cup dried currants ( 1/4 pound )
1/2 cup dried dates , snipped
1/2 cup pecans , chopped
1 1/4 cup water
1/2 cup apricot brandy -or- unsweetened app ; le juice
1 pkg ( or 1 tablespoon ) active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees )
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup honey
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 cup unbleached pastry flour
2 to 2-1/4 c whole wheat flour

combine the apricots , currants , dates , pecans , 1-1/4 cups water and
brandy in a bowl . let stand overnight or for at least 3 hours .

dissolve the yeast in the warm water . add the oil , honey , cinnamon
and cloves . blend in the dried fruit and nut mixture . stir in enough
pastry flour and whole wheat flour to make a stiff dough . beat well .

spoon the dough into two 5- by 7-inch bread pans . cover with a damp
towel and let rise in a warm place for 1 to 1-1/2 hours , or until
almost doubled .

bake in a 400-degree oven for 30 to 40 minutes . cool in the pan for
10 minutes . remove and cool completely on a wire rack . when cooled
thoroughly , wrap in aluminum foil and store for at least 3 days before
serving .

bread may be made several weeks ahead and kept in an airtight
container in a cool place .

serves 25

one serving = calories : 164 carbohydrates : 26 protein : 3 fat : 6
sodium : 2 potassium : 224 cholesterol : 0

exchange value : 1 bread exchange + 1 fruit exchange +
1 fat exchange

source : holiday cookbook , american diabetes association , isbn
0-13-024894-0 , by betty wedman , m.s. , r.d .

yield : 25 servings




kouloura

breads

3 cup plain flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup warm milk - ( water may be substitue ; d )
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon oil
1 sesame seeds

dissolve yeast in warm water . mix in remaining
ingredients except sesame seeds , using more or less
flour , as necessary , to form a workable dough .

knead dough until smooth ; shape into a ball and place
in an oiled bowl . cover and let rise in warm place
until doubled in bulk . punch down and turn out onto a
floured surface to shape . form dough into a thick
rope about 20 inches in length , slightly tapered at
each end . place rope in the shape of a ring on a
greased baking sheet , overlapping and tucking under
ends . cover and let rise again .

preheat oven to 375 f. ( 190 c. ) . brush bread with
water and sprinkle with sesame seeds . bake until
bread is golden brown , about 30 minutes .

variation - elioti ( olive bread ) :

prepare 1 quantity of kouloura dough , as directed
above . during first rising , saute 1 medium onion in 1
tablespoon olive oil until transparent . lightly smash
1 cup of greek black olives with a wooden mallet or
knife handle to split ; remove pits from olives . mix
olives and onions together and let cool .

after punching down dough , turn onto a floured surface
and roll out to form a rectangle about 1/2 inch thick .
cover rectangle with onion and olive mixture , leaving
a border around edges . starting at one long end , roll
up dough and shape into a loaf . press edges closed .

place loaf on a greased baking sheet and slash
diagonally in three or four places . cover and let
rise again until double in size . bake in a preheated
375 f. ( 190 c. ) oven about 35-40 minutes .

adapted by karen mintzias , from a recipe in : `` the
complete middle east cookbook '' by tess mallos
submitted by km @ salata.com ( karen mintzias ) on 08
nov 95 070349 -0800

yield : 1 loaf




new mexico spoon bread

breads , southwest

1 can cream style corn , 16 oz
3/4 cup milk
1/3 cup melted shortening
1 1/2 cup cornmeal
2 eggs , slightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar ( optional )
1 1/2 cup grated cheddar cheese
4 oz can diced green chiles

mix all ingredients . pour the batter into a greased cast iron
skillet . bake at 400 degrees f in oven for 45 minutes ; cool slightly ,
slice like a pie , and serve .

posted to bbq mailing list by steve silcox < wolf @ flash.net > on apr 14 ,
1997 .

yield : 1 batch




sour milk waffles

breads , breakfast

1 1/3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup melted shortening
1 cup sour milk
1 teaspoon sugar
2 eggs

sift flour , measure , and sift with salt and baking soda . beat egg
yolks until light and foamy . add sugar and shortening . mix well . add
milk alternately with sifted dry ingredients to egg mixture . fold in
stiffly beaten egg whites . bake in hot waffle iron . 6 servings . the
household searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




crunchy corn bread dressing

breads

15 oz pkg . corn bread mix
8 oz bacon , cut into 1/2 pieces
5 celery stalks , diced
1 green onion bunch , chopped
1 large onion , chopped
2 1/2 teaspoon poultry seasoning
3 eggs , beaten to blend
1 cup chicken stock or canned
1 low-salt broth

prepare corn bread according to package directions . cool completely ;
crumble ( can be prepared 1 day ahead . cover and let stand at room
temperature ) . preheat oven to 350f . place corn bread on baking sheet .
bake until slightly dry , stirring occasionally , about 30 minutes .
transfer corn bread to large bowl . maintain oven temperature . grease
13x9x2 '' glass baking dish . fry bacon pieces in heavy large skillet
over high heat until brown and crisp , about 8 minutes . using slotted
spoon , transfer bacon to bowl with corn bread . add diced celery and
all onions to same skillet . saute vegetables over high heat until
just tender , about 12 minutes ; add poultry seasoning and stir one
minute . scrape contents of skillet into bowl with corn bread and toss
to blend . season dressing with salt and pepper . mix in eggs , then
chicken stock . transfer to prepared dish . cover dressing with
aluminum foil . ( can be prepared 3 hours ahead ; refrigerate ) . bake
dressing covered 30 minutes ; uncover and bake until golden and crisp
on top , about 30 minutes more . optional : add about 2 dozen fresh
oysters ( or two 8 oz . jars , drained ) just before baking , cutting them
into pieces if they are very large .

yield : 8 servings




belgian loaf

breads

1 cup sugar
1 cup raisins
1 cup milk
1/4 lb shortening
1 egg
1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda

in saucepan put first 4 ingredients and bring to a boil , cool . then
stir in 1 egg , then the dry ingredients , mix in 2nd . cup of flour .
bake at 350 for
45 min .

yield : 6 servings




traditional english scones

breads

2 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup bread flour
6 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
4 1/2 tablespoon chilled unsalted butter , cut into p ; ieces
1 whole milk
2 large eggs
1 large egg yolk
1 cup raisins ( optional )
1 egg yolk beaten with 2 tbsp water
1 strawberry preserves

servings : 10

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. butter and flour heavy large cookie
sheet . mix first 5 ingredients in large bowl . add butter and cut in
until mixture resembles fine meal . add milk , eggs and yolk , then
raisins , and mix until thoroughly incorporated . turn dough out onto
lightly floured surface . press dough into 1-inch-thick round . cut out
rounds using floured 3-inch round cookie cutter . gather scraps and
re-form into 1-inch-thick round . cut out more rounds .

transfer rounds to prepared baking sheet , spacing evenly . brush with
glaze . refrigerate 15 minutes . bake until golden brown , about 25
minutes . serve scones warm with berry preserves .

makes about 10 . from bon apetite magazine .

yield : 10 servings




sourdough~ pt . 2

breads

3 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 flour , divided
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
2 cup hot ( 120f to 130f ) water
1 cup lukewarm ( 100f ) water
1 sourdough starter

yield : approximately 4 cups difficulty : ( one chocolate kiss , or easy )
prepartion : 10 minutes allow at least 4 days for the starter to
ferment before using . `` day 1 : 1 . in a medium bowl , stir together 2
cups of the flour and yeast . make a well in the middle of the
flour/yeast mixture and whisk in the hot water . continue stirring
until the mixture is blended but not completely smooth . it is not
necessary to smooth out all the lumps ; they will dissolve as the
mixture start to ferment . cover the bowl with a clean towel and let
the mixture sit at room temperature . over the next 24 hours the
mixture will rise , become very bubbly and then start to recede .

`` days 2 and 3 : 2 . stir the mixture twice , once in the morning and
once in the evening to invigorate the yeast and to expel the alcohol .
towards the end of the second day the mixture will start to thin and
the surface of the starter will be covered with lots of tiny air
bubbles . by the evening of the third day a thin layer of yellow-brown
liquid may form on the surface of the starter . it is simply the
alcohol given off by the yeast cells as they feed on the
carbohydrates in the flour and multiply . refresh the starter by
stirring in the cup of lukewarm water ( 100f ) and the remaining cup of
flour . stir until blended , but do not worry about any small lumps .

`` day 4 : 3 . the starter is now ready to use , or it may be poured into a
sterilzed 2 quart glass or ceramic covered crock or casserole , or a
flass jar with a non-metal lid and refrigerated .

yield : 4 servings




freezer bread sticks

breads

3 to 3-1/2 cups all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon slt
1/4 teaspoon sugar
2 pkg active dry yest
1 tablespoon margarine , softened
1 1/4 cup very warm water ( 120 - 130 )
1 egg white , beaten
1 tablespoon cold water
1 toasted sesame seed or poppy seed

in a large bowl thouroughly mix 1 cup flour , salt , sugar and
undissolved yeast . add margarine . gradually add tap water to dry
ingredients and beat 2 minutes at medium speed of electric mixer ,
scraping bowl occasionally . add 1/2 cup flour . beat at high speed 2
minutes , scraping bowl occasionally . stir in enough additional flour
to make a soft dough . turn out onto well floured board . divide dough
into 16 equal pieces . roll each piece of dough into a rope , 18 inches
long . cut each rope into three 6-inch ropes . place on greased baking
sheets , rolling to grease all sides of dough . cover with plastic
wrap . freeze until firm . transfer to plastic bags . freeze up to 4
weeks . remove from freezer , place on ungreased baking sheets . cover ;
let stand at room temperature until fully thawed , about 30 minutes .
let rise in warm place , free from draft , until doubled in bulk , about
15 minutes . brush with combined egg white and cold water , sprinkle
with seeds . bake at 375 20 to 25 minutes , or util done . remove from
baking sheets and cool on wire racks .

from : fleischmann 's bake it easy yeast book shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




rosalynn 's hushpuppies

breads

1 1/4 cup cornmeal , self-rising
3/4 cup flour , self-rising
1 salt
1 egg , beaten
1/2 cup onion , finely chopped
1 cup buttermilk

mix all dry ingredients together . add egg , onion , and buttermilk . drop
batter by small spoonfuls into deep fat . they will sink toward the
bottom , then pop back to the top . turn if they do n't pop over when
brown on one side . drain on paper toweling and serve warm .

yield : 12 servings




chocolate banana muffins

breads , low fat

1 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon cocoa powder
1/3 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup kellogs all bran cereal
3/4 cup milk
1/4 egg substitute or 1 egg
2 tablespoon oil
1 cup bananas , mashed ( 1 banana )

1 . preheat oven to 400 f. line 12 muffinpans with paper
liners or spray with pam . 2 . in a medium bowl , stir together flour ,
baking powder , salt ,
cocoa powder and sugar . 3 . combine cereal and milk in large bowl
and let stand 2 minutes ,
or until cereal softens . 4 . add egg or substitute and oil to
cereal.beat well . 5 . stir in banana . 6 . add flourmix , stirring only
once until combined and evenly moist . 7 . spoon batter in muffin cups .
8 . bake for 25 minutes or until muffins are lightly browned .
from `` 366 low fat brand name recipes '' cookbook
typed by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 12 servings




gluten free pancakes

breads , breakfast , quick & easy , gluten free

1 cup am rice or millet flour
1/2 cup am soy flour
1/2 cup am corn meal
1 tablespoon non-alum baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 egg ; beaten
1 1/2 cup water
2 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil

combine all dry ingredients . stir together all liquids ; add to dry
ingredients . bake on pre-heated griddle ( 350 f. to 375 f. ) . turn only
once .

source : arrowhead mills `` recipes for special dietary needs '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 12 pancakes




hardee 's biscuits

breads , desserts , biscuits

1 waldine van geffen
vghc42a -- -- -
2 cup self-rising flour
1 tablespoon sugar or sweet n low
1 cup milk
1/3 cup mayo

combine flour , sugar , milk and mayo into a smooth dough . divide batter
equally between 10 paper-lined muffin wells or cupcake wells . bake
350~ about 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown and doubled in size .

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




egg nog sourdough bread

breads

4 cup sourdough starter sponge
2 tablespoon honey
1 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 teaspoon salt
3 eggs
2 tablespoon butter , melted
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon vanilla or rum extract
4 cup all purpose flour

set your starter the night before by adding your sourdough start to 2
1/2 cups water and 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour . mix well . sprinkle
top with 1 teaspoon sugar . cover and let set overnight . next
morning take your original starter amount back out and return to the
refrigerator for future use . to the 4 cups of starter sponge add the
eggs and beat well . add the melted butter , honey and vanilla . stir
until blended . mix flour , salt , cream of tartar and nutmeg . add to
sponge a cup at a time . knead until smooth . about 10 minutes . put
into a glass bowl that has been greased , turn once to get oil on both
sides . cover with a damp cloth and let rise until double in size .
beat down with fists and make into loaves . put into 2 loaf pans , let
raise again until double in size . bake for 50 minutes at 375f or
until done . makes 2 loaves or 30 dinner rolls . goes wonderfully with
thanksgiving dinner and makes great turkey sandwiches .

yield : 1 loaf




valentine cookies

biscuits

1 stephen ceidebuurg
3/4 cup margarine or butter , softened
3/4 cup honey
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup finely chopped almonds

preheat oven to 300 degrees .

in a large bowl , beat margarine , honey and almond extract with an
electric mixer until mixture is light and fluffy . add flour , 1 cup at
a time , beating well after each addition . mix in almonds . on
ungreased cookie sheets , shape 1/2-cup portions of dough into heart
shapes , no more than 1/2-inch thick . decorate as desired by following
one of the tips below or by using a tooth-pick , fork or other kitchen
tool to create a design . bake 25 to 30 minutes or until edges turn
brown . cool 5 minutes and remove from pan .

decorating tips :

you can create a design on top of the cookies using white or colored
candy sprinkles .

or you could crimp the edges of heart , making a design using the
tines of fork , or a knife , spatula or spoon . sprinkle baked cookies
with powdered sugar .

if you are an experienced baker , you may want to paint a design with a
simple egg-yolk paint . separate an egg ; put the egg yolk in a small
bowl and mix with 1/2 teaspoon water and enough red food coloring to
make the desired sired shade of red . using a clean paint brush , paint
a design on cookie using the colored yolk . or place a small doily on
cookie and , using a clean , stiff brush , work the egg paint through
the cutouts and create a lacy effect . remember that this is all done
before the cookies are baked .

makes 4 large cookies .

cheri swoboda foodday home economist , from the oregonian 's foodday ,
2/9/93 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 4 servings




daddy 's sourdough apricot walnut bread

breads , sourdough

1 cup starter
1 1/2 cup water
1/2 cup oil
1/2 cup sugar
12 apricots ( dried ) , diced
1/4 cup walnuts , coarsely chopped
2 cup whole wheat flour
4 cup bread flour , bromated
1 teaspoon salt

feed starter 1/2 c sugar , 1 c water and 1 t instant potato flakes
once a week , stirring well . let mixture sit in uncovered container
all day to feed and grow . after 8 - 10 hours , remove 1 cup of starter
to bake bread ; return remainder of starter to refrigerator in loosely
covered container .

combine starter , water , oil , sugar and apricots and mix well . add
walnuts and the whole wheat flour ; blend together with a whisk . add 2
cups of the bread flour and mix again .

add the last 2 cups of the bread flour , combined with the salt , and
mix again .

the dough will be sticky and a little stiff . put the dough in a
greased ( or sprayed with pam ) bowl and cover with a damp cloth . let
rise until doubled in bulk .

punch down and divide into three equal pieces . put each piece into a
greased loaf pan and let rise until they reach the tops of the pans .
bake at 350 degrees f. for 30 minutes or until browned and pulling
away from the sides of the pans .

cathe 's notes :

* was originally dot howell 's recipe . you can substitute white corn
syrup for part or all of the oil ; the bread might cook more quickly
and brown too soon if not watched carefully . can also substitute
1/4 c oatmeal for 1/4 c flour .

* daddy speeds up the process ; he feeds the starter and then puts it
into a hot water bath for about an hour . while the starter sits in
its bath , he mixes his ingredients for the bread . he uses 1 cup of
the starter and lets the remainder sit outside for several hours . he
makes his dough and puts it in a hot water bath to rise . when he
punches it down , he puts the pans over a hot water bath to rise . he
accomplishes the entire process in one day instead of two days .

yield : 1 loaf




potica

breads

1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter or margarine
1 cup milk ; hot
2 pkg active dry yeast warm water ( 105 f )
2 eggs
4 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ; unsifted
-- -- filling -- --
3 eggs
4 cup walnuts , finely chopped
1 cup light brown sugar , packed
2 tablespoon butter
1/3 cup butter or margarine ; melted
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla

stir sugar , salt and butter into hot milk ; cool to lukewarm . ( a drop
sprinkled on wrist will not feel hot . ) sprinkle yeast over warm water
in large bowl ; stir to dissolve . stir in lukewarm milk mixture . add 2
eggs and 2 1/2 cups flour ; beat at high speed with electric mixer .
with a wooden spoon gradually beat in remaining 2 cups flour . knead
with hand until dough is stiff enough to leave side of bowl . place
dough in lightly greased large bowl . turn the dough over to bring up
greased side . cover with a towel ; let rise in warm place ( 85 f ) , free
from drafts , until double in bulk , about 1 hour . make filling in
medium bowl .

beat eggs slightly ; add nuts , brown sugar , 1/3 cup butter , cinnamon
and vanilla . stir filling to blend well . shape dough ; punch down
dough . on lightly floured surface turn out dough ; cover with bowl and
allow to rest for 10 minutes . roll out to a rectangle 30 inches
long by 20 inches wide . spread with filling , to 1 inch from the edge .
starting from wide side , roll up tightly , as for jelly roll . with
palms of hands , roll back and forth so that roll is even all over . on
large greased cookie sheet , form roll into a large coil , seam side
down . let rise in warm place ( 85 f ) , covered with towel , free from
drafts , until double in bulk , about 1 hour . preheat oven to 350 f and
brush the roll with the melted butter . bake 35 to 40 minutes until
golden . cool on wire rack . slice crosswise 1/4 inch thick . makes a 4
pound loaf .

source : cathy arkovich `` our favorite recipes '' st. anthony croatian
church women 's guild typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




dutch baby

breads , breakfast

4 eggs , beaten
1 cup flour ( 240 ml )
1 cup milk ( 240 ml )
1/3 cup butter ( 80 ml )
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract ( 2.5 ml )
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg ( 1.25 ml )
1 lemon juice
1 confectioners ' sugar

heat a large , heavy cast iron pan in the oven to 425 f ( 220 c ) . mix
eggs and flour . beat well . add milk . beat well . add vanilla and
nutmeg . melt butter . remove pan from oven and pour butter in . pour
batter in and cook for 20-25 minutes or until dutch baby is brown and
puffed . sprinkle with lemon juice and confectioners ' sugar to taste
and serve hot .

from : michael loo

yield : 2 servings




episcopalian banana bread

breads , fruits

1 1/2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/3 cup oil
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup sugar or
2 eggs , well beaten
1/4 cup brown sugar
3/4 cup oatmeal
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup milk
2 cup mashed bananas

mix everything in one bowl and stir it up . in greased and floured
bread pan , cook at 350 f for 50-60 minutes . this is really better if
left to sit overnight before eating , it 's almost too moist to eat
right away . from *prodigy 's food and wine bulletin board , from cheryl
lawson - sbkr68a

yield : 1 servings




large garlic croutons

breads , garlic

1 centiliter garlic , large
1/3 cup olive oil
12 french bread , slices
1 salt , pinch

contributed to the echo by : sallie austin originally from : the
ultimate salad dressing book by claire stancer large garlic croutons
crush the garlic with a pinch of salt . whisk in olive oil . brush on
12 1/4 ea 4-inch thick slices stale french bread . bake in a preheated
325 degree oven until golden , about 15 minutes . tear into smaller
pieces , if desired .

yield : 1 servings




ww carrot muffins ( no fat )

breads , weight watcher

1 1/2 cup carrots ; grated
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon cloves
1 teaspoon orange peel
2 eggs
4 tablespoon raisins
1 teaspoon vanilla
6 tablespoon flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup powdered milk
1 amount of brown sugar twin to equa ; l 20 tsp . sugar

mix all ingredients . spray muffin tin with pam . divide equally . bake
at 350 f. for 25 minutes . makes 12 muffins which is two servings of
six ( yes 6 ) muffins each . for each six ( 6 ) muffins the following
counts apply : 1 bread , 1 fruit , 1 milk , 1 protein and 3/4 vegetable .
this is a no fat recipe . can substitute egg beaters for the eggs and
use equal instead of sweet and low . freeze well .

yield : 2 servings




oatmeal pancakes with jonathan apples & pec

breads

1 1/2 cup oatmeal
1 1/2 cup boiling water
1 egg
1 cup flour
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 pinch of salt
1/4 cup sugar
1 cup milk
1/4 cup melted butter
3 jonathan aples , peeled , cored and c ; hopped
1/2 cup pecan pieces
2 tablespoon butter

combine oatmeal and boiling water . let stand 5 minutes . add egg ,
flour , baking powder , salt and sugar . mix . stir in milk , melted
butter , apples and pecans . melt 2 tbls . butter in a large , flat
skillet or griddle over medium heat . when the butter begins to
crackle , spoon on pancake batter to desired size . gently flip
pancakes when bubbles form around the edges and in the center . cook
for another minute and serve with maple syrup .

makes about 15 3inch pancakes .

from the cookbook `` apples '' by robert berkley

yield : 15 servings




soft molasses cookies 2

biscuits

1/2 cup margarine , softened
1/2 cup sugar
3/4 cup molasses
1 egg
2 1/2 cup flour , all purpose
1 1/2 teaspoon ginger , ground
1 teaspoon cinnamon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda water

cream margarine and sugar until light and fluffy . blend in molasses ,
1 egg and water . add dry ingredients beat well . drop from teaspoon on
well greased baking sheet . bake about 7-10 minutes in 375 f oven .
source : gail teichmann

yield : 1 servings




home made bread

breads , low fat

1 1/2 lb strong [ bread ] flour , either
1 white or wholemeal
1 [ wholewheat ]
1 as preferred
1/2 pkg instant dried yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 large pinch salt
1 warm water to mix

mix flour , yeast , salt and sugar , then add enough water to make a
fairly firm dough . knead vigorously until dough is smooth and
elastic - you can do this in a food processor , but it is very
therapeutic to do it by hand ! place in a clean bowl , cover , and leave
in a warm place for about an hour , or until doubled in size . knead
again , then place on a greased , floured oven-proof plate . cover , if
possible with an oven- proof bowl , and leave for ten-fifteen minutes .

bake in a hot oven ( mark 7 , 200 c , 425 f ) for about 40 minutes , or
until it sounds hollow when tapped underneath . this does n't keep well
as it has no fat , but that is seldom a problem !

yield : 1 servings




belgian club soda waffles

breads

2 cup biscuit mix
1 1/3 cup club soda
1 egg
3 tablespoon oil

mix well . pour into belgian waffler for an extra light waffle . makes
four belgian waffles . from : lisa crawley ( tspn00b )

yield : 4 servings




onion-cheddar bread

breads

2 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/3 cup warm water ( 110-115 degrees )
1/2 cup orange juice
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoon butter or margarine *
1 each env . onion soup mix
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
5 oz shredded cheddar cheese
1 single melted butter or margarine

* butter or margarine should be cut into small pieces .

yield : 4 servings




cranberry fruit nut bread

breads , desserts , fruits

2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup shortening
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
1 each beaten egg
3/4 cup orange juice
1 cup chopped cranberries
1/2 cup chopped nuts
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

sift together dry ingredients . cut in shortening . combine peel ,
juice and egg . add to dry ingredients , mixing just enough to
moisten . fold in cranberries and nuts . turn into greased 9x5x3 inch
loaf pan . bake at 350 for 60 minutes . cool , wrap , and store
overnight before slicing . from `` make it better with cranberries '' cape
cod cranberry growers ' association , founded 1888 p.o . box 270 carver ,
ma 02330

yield : 1 servings




raisin-spice coffee cake

breads , crockpot

2 cup all-purpose flour*
1 cup sugar
1/3 cup margarine or butter , softened
1 cup milk
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 egg
1/2 cup raisins
1 streusel

heat oven to 350f . grease square pan , 9 x 9 x 2 inches . beat all
ingredients except raisins and streusel on low speed 30 seconds . beat
on medium speed , scraping bowl occasionally , 2 minutes . stir in
raisins .

spread half of the batter in pan ; sprinkle with half of the streusel .
top with remaining batter ; sprinkle with remaining streusel . bake
until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean , 40 to 45
minutes . 1 coffee cake ( 9 servings ) ; 460 calories per serving .

streusel coffee cake : omit cinnamon , allspice , nutmeg and raisins in
batter .

*if using self rising flour , omit baking powder and salt .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 9 servings




mennonite whole wheat bread

breads , penndutch

2 pkg yeast , dry
4 cup ; water , warm
1/2 cup butter ; softened
1/4 cup molasses
1/2 cup honey
2 teaspoon salt
6 cup flour , whole wheat
4 cup flour , white

dissolve yeast in the warm water . combine butter , molasses , honey ,
and salt . mix well . add yeast mixture . gradually add flour . turn
onto a floured board and knead until smooth ( this will take a fair
amount of shoulder ; the dough is fairly heavy ) . place in a large
greased bowl , then turn to grease the top . cover with a clean tea
towel , and let rise until doubled , about two hours .

punch dough down , and let it rest a few minutes . divide into
quarters , and shape into loaves . place in greased bread pans , and
let rise about one hour . bake at 375 f. for 35 to 40 minutes .

from amish & mennonite kitchens
by good & pellman from : sam waring
date : 24 feb 94

yield : 4 loaves




mexican : old el paso enchiladas suiza

breads , cheese/eggs , mexican , poultry

3 cup cooked shredded chicken
1 cup ( 4-oz ) old el paso chopped
1 green chilies
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup ( 10-oz ) old el paso green
1 enchilada sauce
1 can ( 5.33 fl oz ) pet evaporated
1 milk
12 old el paso corn tortillas
2 cup shredded monterey jack
1 cheese

mix together chicken , chilies and salt . combine enchilada sauce and
evaporated milk . fry tortillas in hot oil for a few seconds on each
side until limp . dip each tortilla in enchilada sauce mixture ; fill
with 1/4 cup chicken mixture ; roll up and place seam side down in
13x9-inch baking dish . pour remaining sauce over . sprinkle with
cheese . bake in preheated 425-degree f oven for 15 minute , until
bubbly .

yield : 1 servings




mae regan 's lemon bread

breads

6 tablespoon margarine
1 cup sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk
1 lemon , rind and juice
1/2 cup walnuts , ground fine ( optional )

keywords : new england

lightly oil a regular loaf pan .

cream margarine , sugar and eggs together . add dry ingredients
alternately with milk and finely grated lemon rind . add walnuts .

bake in a 325 f oven for about 45 minutes . remove from oven and
prick top of bread all over with a toothpick .

glaze top with a mixture of 1/3 cup sugar and the lemon juice .

for lemon-poppy seed muffins , add about 1/2 cup poppy seeds to batter
( or more ! ) . bake in large muffin tins at 400 f about 20 minutes or
until golden brown . glaze as above .

source : yankee , april 1993 ; provided by eleanor lundy

shared by : norman r. brown

yield : 6 servings




hearty fig oatbran muffins

breads , low fat

1 1/2 cup bran flakes cereal
1/2 cup apple juice
3 tablespoon egg substitute ; -or- egg
1/2 cup non-fat milk
6 oz apple juice concentrate
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 large banana ; mashed
3/4 cup california dried figs - chopped fin ; ely
2 tablespoon honey ; -or- brown sugar , firmly
1 1/2 cup flour ; oat flour , -whole wheat o
1/2 cup oatmeal ( rolled oats )
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder

combine your favorite bran flakes in a large bowl with apple juice .
moisten the flakes evenly . add the egg substitute , milk , apple juice
concentrate , oil , banana , figs and honey . mix well . in a small bowl ,
combine flour , oatmeal , cinnamon , baking soda and baking powder . add
to bran mixture and mix well . line a muffin tin with paper liners .
spoon batter into paper-lined muffin cups . bake at 350 f for 20
minutes or until done .

each serving contains approximately : calories 199 , fat 4.43g , dietary
fiber 5.34 g , carbohydrates 39.1 g , protein 4.75 g , sodium 221 mg ,
cholesterol .214 mg

source : low-fat recipes featuring california figs reprinted with the
permission of the california fig advisory board electronic format
courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




biga pugliese ( bread starter from puglia )

breads , italian , bakery

1/2 teaspoon dried yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 1/2 cup water at room temperature
3 3/4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour

stir the yeast into the warm water & let proof for 10 minutes . stir
in the remaining water & then the flour , 1 c at a time . mix with a
wooden spoon for 3 or 4 minutes . leave the biga in the mixing bowl .
cover with plastic wrap & let it rise at cool room temperature for
anywhere between 6 & 24 hours . the starter will triple in volume &
then collapse a bit . it will also be wet & very sticky when it is
ready to be used . cover & refrigerate if not using at once . to use
the biga , scoop out the needed amount while it is cold .

yield : 3 cups




dandelion flower fritters

breads , vegetarian

1 cup whole-wheat flour
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup dandelion flowers , clean and
1 unsprayed
1 pinch salt
1 egg
1 nonstick vegetable-oil spray
1/2 cup low-fat milk -or- water

this variation on pancakes uses the yellow puffs of the dandelion , a
good source of vitamin a . in a bowl mix together flour , baking powder
and salt . in a separate bowl , beat egg , then mix with milk or water
and olive oil . combine with dry mixture . stir in yellow flowers
carefully , taking care not to crush them . lightly spray a griddle or
frying pan with vegetable oil . heat until thoroughly warmed . pour
batter onto griddle by spoonfuls and cook like pancakes . makes 10
fritters .

yield : 10 servings




chocolate bunny bread

breads

2/3 cup sugar
1/3 cup unsweetened coca powder
2 pkg rapid rise yeast
3/4 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup milk
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup butter/margarine
1 egg
1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract
1/3 cup milk chocolate or peanut
1 butter morsels
1 decorations ( optional ) are
1 jelly beans , icing and or c .

in large bowl , combine 1 cup flour , sugar , cocoa powder , undissolved
yeast and salt . heat milk , water and butter until very warm ( 120-130
degrees ) . gradually add to dry ingredients ; beat 2 minutes at medium
speed of electric mixer , scraping bowl occasionally . add egg , vanilla
and 1/2 cup flour , beat 2 minutes at high speed , scraping bowl
occasionally . with spoon , stir in enough additional flour to make
soft dough . knead on lightly floured surface until smooth and
elastic , about 4-6 minutes . cover , let rest on floured surface 10
minutes . divide dough in half . for body , knead chocolate morsels into
1 half , form into ball . place on bottom end of large greased baking
sheet ; flatten to make 5-inch round . for head , remove 1/3 of
remaining half , form into ball . place on large baking sheet above
body , flatten slightly , pinching to attach . for nose , pinch off 1/2
inch ball from remaining dough ; place on center of head . divide
remaining dough into 4 equal portions , roll each to form 6-inch rope .
for arms , arrange 2 ropes across body ; attach by tucking one end of
each under body . shape remaining ropes into ears ; arrange above head .
attach by tucking one end of each under head . cover , let rise in
warm draft-free place until doubled in size , about 30-45 minutes .
bake at 350 degrees for 45-50 minutes or until done , covering
aluminum foil after 20 minutes to prevent excess browning . remove
from sheet ; cool on wire rack . decorate as desired .

yield : 1 loaf




bread with yeast ferment

breads

1 quart yeast ferment
4 tablespoon sugar
1 flour
4 tablespoon melted shortening
3 teaspoon salt

combine sugar , salt , shortening , and ferment . add flour slowly ,
beating thoroughly after each addition until a dough just stiff
enough to knead is formed . knead on lightly floured board until dough
is smooth and elastic . cover with a warm , damp cloth . allow to double
in bulk , work down , again cover and allow to double in bulk . form
into loaves and place in well-oiled pans . cover and let rise until
double in bulk . bake in hot oven ( 450 f ) 45 ~ 60 minutes . 4 loaves .
the household searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




dom deluise 's cheese & onion bread

breads , celebrity

1 1/2 cup onion , chopped
1 egg
2 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup sour cream
1 pepper , to taste
2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 cup butter
1 cup cheddar , shredded
2/3 cup milk
3 tablespoon fresh parsley , minced

saute onion in 2tb butter until tender . in a bowl , combine onions
with egg , sour cream and pepper . mix well ; set aside . add flour and
baking powder to another bowl . cut in 1/4 cup butter until crumbly
and fine . stir in half the cheese . add milk to make soft dough . pat
into a buttered 9 '' square pan . spread sour cream mixture on top .
sprinkle with remaining cheese & parsley . bake in oven at 425 for 25
minutes . cut into square and serve warm .

yield : 8 servings




logan bread

breads

6 eggs
1 ( any mixture of whole wheat
1 and rye )
3/4 cup wheat germ
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup powdered milk
1 cup oil
1/2 cup honey
1/4 cup molasses
1/4 cup sorghum syrup -- or maple
1 syrup
1 ( any combination of these
1 four sweeteners
1 totalling 1 cup works fine )
1/2 cup shelled walnuts or pecans
1 cup dried fruit ( raisins , dates ,
1 apricots -- peaches , etc )

beat all the ingredients together in a large bowl . pat down into two
greased 5 x 9 loaf pans . bake at 275 for two hours , or until a tester
comes out clean . the bread will be very heavy and dense . each loaf
weighs
24 ounces .

recipe by : the modern backpacker 's handbook , glen randall

from : carey starzinger - bbq mailing li

yield : 1 servings




spice cakes

breads , cakes

1 egg
2 cup sour milk
1 teaspoon baking soda
3 cup flour
1 tablespoon melted shortening
1 tablespoon sugar
1/8 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt

beat egg and add milk , sugar , and nutmeg . sift flour , measure , and
sift with baking soda and salt . add to first mixture . add melted
shortening . mix until well blended . bake on hot griddle in cakes the
size of a breakfast plate . pile several together on a hot plate ,
spreading each liberally with butter . add a sprinkling of cinnamon
or nutmeg . to serve , cut through the whole , pie-fashion . 8 servings .
florence taft eaton , concord , ma .

yield : 8 servings




irish soda bread # 1

breads

3 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1 1/4 cup buttermilk : to 2 1/2 c *

* you will need somewhere between these two amounts of buttermilk ,
depending on how much liquid your flour tends to absorb . try to avoid
using regular milk : if you must , use baking powder instead of
bicarbonate of soda . -- lightly grease a heavy skillet ( if making
`` soda farl '' , the flat version of soda bread ) or preheat the oven to
450 f ( if making `` soda cake '' , the round , more breadlike version . )
sift the dry ingredients together into a large bowl ; make sure the
soda is evenly distributed . make a well in the center of the dry
mixture and add about half the buttermilk . stir until you have a
raggy dough that is very squashy but which looks more or less dry .
add more liquid sparingly until you achieve this texture . blend until
all the flour has achieved this consistency ; then turn out
immediately onto a lightly floured board and knead ***for no more
than a minute or a minute and a half*** . overkneading makes this
bread very tough , and it 's very easy to overdo it . if making soda
cake , shape the dough into a circle about 8-9 inches across and about
an inch and a half thick . cut a cross about on the top , about half an
inch deep , and place on a floured baking sheet . bake at 450 f for
45-50 minutes . if making soda farl , shape the dough into a circle
about 9 inches by one inch thick and cut into four wedges or `` farls '' :
place in the preheated skillet , with cut edges about half an inch
apart . cook slowly on the stovetop over low-to-medium heat : it should
take about 20 minutes for the farls to puff up and turn a light brown
on the pan side . turn them and cook for another 20 minutes . -- for a
softer crust on either soda cake or soda farl , wrap in a dishtowel
after baking . -- for more information on making sodabread and its
variations , please see the file `` sodabred.txt '' included with this
zipfile .

yield : 8 servings




peppery corn bread bites

breads

1 pkg ( 7 1/2 to 12 ounces ) cornbread muff ; in mix
3/4 cup ( 3 ounces ) shredded sharp cheddar c ; heese
1 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper

i forget what kinds of recipes you like . here are a couple of easy
looking cornbread recipes from a new book a friend gave me .

from : working mother 29-minute meals

preheat oven to 425 deg.f . grease 8-inch square baking pan . prepare
corn bread mix according to package directions , adding cheese to
batter . pour batter into prepared pan ; sprinkle evenly with black
pepper . bake for 15 minutes , or until golden brown and toothpick
inserted into center comes out clean . cut corn bread into squares .

makes about 12 squares .

per square : 160 calories , 4 g protein , 6 g fat , 21 g carbohydrate ,
27 mg cholesterol , 348 mg sodium .

this one also looks good . from same book as above .

herbed corn bread

bake this savory cornbread in the morning and serve at room
temperature -- or if desired , reheat it briefly before serving .

2 boxes ( 8 1/2-ounce size ) cornbread or corn muffin mix 1/2 cup
cottage cheese 1/4 cup minced parsley 1/4 cup snipped fresh chives or
scallions

1 . preheat oven to 350 deg.f . grease several corn-stick molds or
two 8 inch square baking pans . set aside .

2 . prepare mixes according to package directions , adding cottage
cheese , parsley and chives to batter . spoon into prepared molds . bake
for 12 to 15 minutes , or until lightly browned ( corn bread baked in
square pans will take about 25 minutes ) .

makes 12 servings .

per serving : 179 calories , 4 g protein , 5 g fat , 28 g carbohydrate ,
1 mg cholesterol , 455 mg sodium .

my note : even if you dislike cottage cheese , when cottage cheese is
baked into breads and the like it looses its cottage-cheese-ness ; - )
and just tends to make the breads moist . also , you could probably add
smidgens of other herbs to this last bread ... tiny bits of basil or
oregano or thyme , to give it just a hint of herby flavor .

take care , kyosho

yield : 12 servings




party dip

appetizers , breads

1 loaf sheephearders bread
1/4 lb butter
1 bunch green onions , chopped
12 cloves fresh garlic , minced
8 oz cream cheese room temp
16 oz sour cream
12 oz cheddar cheese
1 can artichoke hearts drained
1 and cut into quarters
6 small french rolls , sliced thinly
1 but not all the way through

cut a hole in the top of the bread loaf about 5 inches in diameter .
if you wish , make a zigzag pattern to be decorative . remove soft
bread from cut portion and discard . reserve crust to make top for
loaf . scoop out most of the loaf and save for other purposes , such as
stuffing or dried bread crumbs . in about 2 tbsp butter , saute green
onions and half the garlic until onion wilt . do not burn ! cut cream
cheese into small chunks ; add onions , garlic , sour cream and cheddar
cheese . mix well . fold in artichoke hearts . put all of this mixture
into hollowed out bread . place top on bread and wrap in a double
thickness of heavy duty aluminum foil . bake in 350 degree oven for 1
1/2 to 2 hours . slice french rolls thinly and butter with remaining
butter and garlic . wrap in foil and bake with big loaf for the last
1/2 hour . when ready , remove foil and serve , using slices of french
rolls to dip out sauce .

yield : 10 servings




potato water sourdough starter

breads , sourdough

3 medium potatoes ; peeled and cubed
1 quart water
1 3/4 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 pkg dry yeast
2 1/2 cup potato water

recipe by : fwds07a patricia dwigans cook approximately 3 med
potatoes in water until tender . drain , reserving liquid . use potatoes
in a favorite recipe . in a medium sized mixing bowl combine flour ,
sugar , salt and dry yeast . mix well . stir in reserved potato water .
cover with a towel or cheesecloth and place in a warm place for 1-2
days or until mixture becomes bubbly . stir down several ties a day .
store until needed in refrigerator in a clean plastic container with
tight fitting lid . this lid must have a small hole punched init to
allow gases to escape . te to replenish add equal amounts of all
purpose flour and lukewarm water at least once a week

yield : 1 servings




cato 's grape bread

breads

4 cup unbleached , all-purpose
1 flour
1/2 cup lard , shortening , or butter
1 melted and cooled
1/4 cup feta cheese , crumbled and
1 mashed into a paste
1 teaspoon cumin seed , ground
1 teaspoon anise , ground
1 1/2 cup grape juice , purple or white
1 pkg dry yeast
8 bay leaves

1 ) place the flour , lard , mashed cheese , ground cumin and anise ,
and yeast in a large mixing bowl . blend well . add the grape juice and
mix the dough well for 2-3 minutes until all the grape juice is
absorbed and evenly distributed . the dough will be damp and sticky ,
but no internal dry areas should appear by the end of the mixing . if
they do , mix a few minutes more or add a little more grape juice and
mix again .

2 ) let the dough rest 5 minutes . now sprinkle 1 or 2 tbsp . flour
over the dough and knead , either in the bowl or on a lightly floured
surface for 5-10 minutes , until the dough is smooth and elastic and
only slightly sticky . add more flour if needed . let the dough rest
2 minutes .

3 ) the dough should now be very smooth and easy to handle . knead 30
seconds more , return the dough to the bowl , cover the bowl with a dish
towel or large plate , and let rise at room temperature for at least 3
hours .

4 ) sprinkle top with flour , punch down , and form the dough into 4
rectangular loaves ( 4 in . by 2 in . by 2-1/2 in. ) . place two bay
leaves on the bottom of each loaf , and lay them , leaf side down , on a
greased cookie sheet . cover with a towel and let rise for 1 hour ,
until well risen .

5 ) bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for 35 minutes , until the
loaves are brown on top and make a hollow sound when tapped on the
bottom . serve when cool . note : to make these breads without
leavening , omit the yeast , knead the dough thoroughly , then bake at
350 degrees for about 2 hours . they will be chewy and moist , and very
foreign to our taste . the romans thought unleaven bread was manlier
and much better for the digestion .

yield : 4 servings




chocolate zucchini nut bread

breads , cakes , desserts

1 cup salad oil
3 eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 oz baking chocolate , melted
2 cup grated , peeled zucchini
1 cup chopped nuts
2 cup sugar
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup choc chips

chocolate into egg mixture along with zucchini and vanilla . sift
flour with salt , cinnamon , baking powder and baking soda . with a
large spoon , stir into zucchini mixture , along with nuts and chips .
mix thoroughly . spoon into 2 well-greased 9 '' x 5 '' pans .
bake at 350f for 1 hr . my note : excellent quickbread . very moist and
sweet . is recipe comes out of country cook'n , compiled by the st rose
parishioners fredonia , wis and st mary 's parishioners of little
kohler , wis . this one the recipe of mary niedermeyer .

yield : 2 servings




snook 's bayside club strawberry bread

breads , desserts

3 cup all-purpose flour
2 cup sugar
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs
1 1/4 lb fresh strawberries ; sliced or- unsweetened fr
1/2 cup walnuts , coarsely chopped
2 8-1/2 x 4-1/2-inch loaf pans

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease and flour the two loaf pans .

mix the flour , sugar , cinnamon , baking soda , and salt in a large
mixing bowl . add the oil , eggs , strawberries , and walnuts . beat
until the dry ingredients are just moist . pour into the prepared
loaf pans and bake for 1 hour . the breads are done when they start
to come away from the sides of the pan and an inserted wooden pick
comes out clean .

yield : 2 loaves




sesame orange scones

breads

1/2 cup sesame seeds
3 tablespoon grated orange rind
3 cup unsifted all-purpose flour
3 tablespoon light-brown sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup vegetable shortening
1 cup orange juice
3 tablespoon granulated sugar

1 . heat oven to 425'f . grease baking sheet . set aside 1 t sesame
seeds and 1 t orange rind . in large bowl , combine flour , remaining
sesame seeds and orange rind , the brown sugar , baking powder , and
salt . with pastry blender or 2 knives , cut in shortening until
mixture resembles coarse crumbs .

2 . reserve 1 t orange juice . add remaining orange juice to dry
ingredients and mix lightly with fork until mixture clings together
and fon-ns a soft dough .

3 . turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead gently 5 or 6
times . divide dough in half , with lightly floured rolling pin , roll
one half of dough into a 7-inch round . cut into 4 wedges . repeat with
remaining half of dough .

4 . place scones , 1 inch apart , on greased baking sheet . pierce tops
with tines of fork . in small saucepan , heat reserved orange juice and
the granulated sugar to boiling ; stir in reserved orange rind and
brush over tops of scones . sprinkle with reserved sesame seeds .

5 . bake scones 15 to 18 minutes or until golden brown . brush again
with orange glaze . serve warm submitted by sjofnm @ aol.com on 9 jul
1995 135557 ~0400

yield : 8 scones




triple wheat-honey muffins from bob hogan

breads , breakfast , low cal , low fat

1/4 cup uncooked wheat flakes - ( rolled whea ; t )
2 large egg whites or 1/4 cup -cholesterol ; free egg prod
3/4 cup water
1 1/4 cup nonfat buttermilk
1/3 cup honey
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup wheat bran
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

heat wheat flakes and water to boiling in 1-quart saucepan ; reduce
heat .

cover and simmer about 30 minutes or until liquid is absorbed . cool 10
minutes .

heat oven to 400 .

spray bottoms only of 12 medium muffin cups , 2 1/2 '' x 1 1/4 '' with
nonstick cooking spray or line with paper baking cups .

beat buttermilk , honey , oil , vanilla and egg whites in large bowl .
stir in flour , wheat bran , baking powder , abaking soda and salt just
until flouri is moistened . fold in cooked wheat flakes .

divide batter evenly among muffin cups ( cups will be fery full ) .

bake 22 to 24 minutes or until golden brown . immediately remove from
pan .

*3/4 cup cooked brown rice can be substituted for wheat flakes and
water .

nutritional information ( 1 muffin ) :

calories 155 protein
6 %

protein , g 4 vitamin a
*

carbohydrate , g 23 vitamin c
*

fat , g 5 thiamin
6 %

unsaturated 4 riboflavin
8 %

saturated 1 niacin
: 8 %

dietary fiber , g 3 calcium
6 %

cholesterol , mg 0 iron
: 6 %

sodium , mg 190

potassium , mg 170 source : betty crocker 's healthy choices
cookbook

yield : 12 each




baking powder biscuits

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon double acting baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup unsalted butter =or=- shortening
3/4 cup buttermilk

combine flour , baking powder , salt and butter in a mixer and mix until
crumbly . add the buttermilk and mix until the dough holds together .
do not over-mix . turn out on a floured surface and roll the dough out
to a 3/4-inch thickness . cut into rounds or squares . place fairly
close together on an ungreased cookie sheet and bake in preheated
450f oven for 12 to 15 minutes .

michael roberts - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 16 servings




potato salt-rising bread

breads

3 medium potato raw w/skin
2 1/2 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon cornmeal
4 cup water
1 teaspoon baking soda
11 cup all purpose flour
1 cup milk 1 %
2 tablespoon butter

starter : cut 2/1/2 c new non-mealy potatoes in thin slices , place in
bowl , sprinkle ove them 1 t sale , 2 t sugar , 2 t white cornmeal , add
4 c boiling water and stir till salt disolved . let stand , covered , 15
hours , squeeze out potatoes . drain liquid into bowl and add , stiring
till blended , 1 t baking soda , 1 1/2 t salt , 5 c sifted flour . beat
( forever ) place in greased bowl in warm place to rise till light .
bubbles should come to surface and increase in size 1/3 ( 1 1/2 hrs ) .
scald 1 c milk and when lukewarm , add 2 t butter , add to sponge with
5 -6 6 c sifted flour . knead 10 min , shape into loaves , let rise ,
covered , to near double in size . bake 350 1 hour .

yield : 60 servings




spaetzle

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 dash nutmeg
2 eggs , slightly beaten
1/2 to 3/4 c milk
8 cup water
1/4 teaspoon salt

source : natl cooking echo 19 jun 90

contributed to the echo by : debra heng originally from : pillsbury

also , care to swap spaetzle recipes ? here 's mine , from pillsbury .
they 're delicious with chicken paprikash or in a minestrone-style
soup .

spaetzle

lightly spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . in large bowl ,
combine flour , 1/4 tsp salt and nutmeg . by hand , beat eggs into flour
mixture . gradually adding milk , stirring constantly until mixture
forms a smooth , soft , moist dough . if dough is too thick , add
additional milk 1 t at a time . dough should easily flow through holes
in a colander when pressed with a spoon .

in large pot , bring water and remaining salt to a boil . press spaetzle
dough , a small amount at a time , through colander with large holes
( not slits ) , or drop by 1/4 tspful , into the boiling water . after
water returns to a boil , cook uncovered for 5-7 minutes or until
tender , stirring occasionally . remove with a slotted spoon ; drain .
repeat with the remaining dough . use in soups , stews , tossed in with
veggies , or as a buttered side dish . makes 2-1/2 cups . can be made a

yield : 2 servings




lapland biscuits

breads , breakfast

2 each egg yolks
2/3 cup flour
2/3 cup milk
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon butter , melted
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 each stiffly beaten egg whites

beat egg yolks 4 to 5 minutes or until thick and lemon colored . add
sugar , flour , milk , butter and salt . beat 2 to 3 minutes . gently fold
in beaten egg whites . spoon batter into 12 well greased muffin pans .
fill to 2/3 full . bake at 375 deg f. for 30 minutes . serve with
butter and jam or jelly if desired .

yield : 6 servings




hazelnut pear bread

breads

3 fresh pears
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup sour cream
2 cup sifted flour
1 teaspoon soda
1/2 cup chopped oregon hazelnuts
1/2 cup oil
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon lemon zest

pare , halve and core pears . chop to make 1 cup fruit . in a large
bowl , beat together oil and sugar . beat in eggs , one at a time , then
add sour cream and vanilla . sift flour , salt , soda , cinnamon and
nutmeg . add to oil and sugar mixture and beat until well blended . add
nuts and pears and mix with a large spoon . spoon into a well greased
9 '' x5 '' loaf pan . bake at 350 for 1 hour or until a toothpick inserted
comes out clean . let cool in pan for 10-15 minutes . to serve , slice
thin and butter or spread with cream cheese .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 1 lg . loaf




irish potato cakes

breads

3 tablespoon butter or margarine
2 cup self-rising flour
1 salt
1 1/2 cup mashed potatoes
1/4 cup milk

mix butter into flour ; add good pinch of salt . mix in mashed potato ;
pour in milk to make soft dough . roll out on lightly floured
surface ; cut into rounds 3 inches across . put on greased baking
sheet ; bake at 425 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes . split ; serve hot
with butter . preparation time : 15 minutes
: baking time : 15 to 20 minutes

yield : 1 servings




night before french toast

breads , cheese/eggs , breakfast , diabetic

1/2 teaspoon butter or margarine for baking dish
2 tablespoon butter or margarine - cut into smal ; l pieces
1 10 oz . loaf french or italian bread ; - cut into 1 slices
8 large eggs
3 cup skim milk
4 teaspoon sugar - or sugar equivalent to 4 ts ; . sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon vanilla extract

this was posted on *p by maggie cecil-zachos - id # jshm25a - and is a
favorite of hers .
grease a 9 x 13 inch glass baking dish with the 1/2 tsp . butter or
margarine . arrange bread in one layer in baking dish .
in a large microwave safe bowl or pan , mix eggs , salt , sugar , milk
and vanilla . place the bowl in the microwave and heat on high for
five ( 5 ) minutes , stirring twice .
for heating on the range , place the egg mixture in a medium
saucepan and heat on medium , stirring as needed , until hot , but not
boiling , about 5 minutes . be careful not to let the mixture boil ,
because it will set the eggs .
pour the hot egg mixture gently over the bread slices and cover with
plastic wrap . refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight ... ..
to bake - dot with the 2 tbsp . butter pieces and place uncovered
pan in cold oven . bake at 350 degrees for 45 to 50 minutes , until
bread is puffy and lightly brown . remove from heat and let stand 5
minutes .
serve with cary 's sf syrup , sugar free jelly , or fresh fruit .
enjoy ... .. converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 4 servings




pineapple-macadamia nut bread

breads , hawaiian

4 each eggs
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup oil
3/4 cup pineapple juice
1/2 cup canned crushed pineapple *
1 tablespoon baking powder
3 cup flour
1/2 cup chopped macadamia nuts

*note : pineapple should be with juice .
combine eggs , sugar , oil , juice and pineapple . mix well . sift baking
powder with flour and mix into pineapple mixture . fold in nuts . pour
into greased waxed-paper-lined 9- x 5-inch loaf pan and bake at 350f
about 50 minutes . or fill greased muffin pans 3/4 full and bake 25
minutes . makes 1 loaf or 18 muffins
created by : coco palms , kauai , hawaii
( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 18 servings




gf brown & white rice bread

breads

1 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon yeast ( 1 envelope )
1/4 cup warm water
1 1/2 cup brown rice flour
1 1/2 cup white rice flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon xanthan gum ( 2 tb certo ? )
2/3 cup skim milk powder
1 1/4 cup warm water
1/4 cup margarine
3 eggs

note : general hints on a previous page says 1 tsp certo or 1/2 tsp
xanthan gum can be used as a binding agent in baked recipes dissolve
sugar in warm water . sprinkle yeast over water . stir briefly . let sit
for 10 minutes until foamy on top . mix dry ingredients together in a
large bowl . melt margarine in 1 1/4 cup warm water . add this mixture
to the softened yeast and in turn add this to the dry ingredients .
beat well . add 3 eggs and beat well for 2 minutes . cover . let rise
until double ( 1 1/2 hours ) . beat again for 3 minutes . pour into 9 x
5 inch greased loaf pan . let rise until dough reaches the top of the
pan . bake at 400 f for 15 minutes , cover with foil if top is getting
too brown . continue baking for about 45 minutes longer . remove from
pan and leave unwrapped just until cool .

yield : 15 servings




granny smith buckwheat muffins

breads , buckwheat

4 cup apples , granny smith ; peeled
1 diced ( 1/4 in ) about 1 1/2 lb
1 cup sugar
1 eggs , large ; beaten lightly
1/2 cup oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup flour , buckwheat ; light or
1 whole
1 cup flour ; whole wheat
2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup raisins
1 cup walnuts ; coarsely chopped
-- -- ahchoo , t.d . in md . 03/21 -- --

toss together apples and sugar in large bowl . whisk or beat together
eggs , oil and vanilla . stir together well , buckwheat flour , whole
wheat flour , baking soda , cinnamon and salt . stir egg mixture into
apple mixture . add flour mixture and stir just enough to combine
( batter will be stiff ) . stir in raisins and walnuts . divide batter
among 16 to 18 well -greased muffin cups . bake in middle of 325d
oven for 25-30 minutes . serve warm or cold .

**formatted by ah** from the burkett mills buckwheat cookbook food
and wine club topic : food software time : 03/21 6:37 pm to : frances
nossen ( swtk50b ) from : ah brown ( bsjr42a ) subject : r-mm buckwheat mega

yield : 18 servings




rema pizza dough ( 16 '' )

breads , pizza

3 3/4 cup flour
2 pkg yeast
1 tablespoon oil
1 teaspoon salt
8 oz warm water
1/2 teaspoon sugar

combine flour , yeast , salt and sugar in a mixing bowl and stir . add
oil and water . mix all ingredients together . knead by hand for 3
minutes , shape into ball . place in a greased bowl and cover . let rise
until doubled . punch down , divide into two equal pieces . leave as one
for 16 '' crust . let dough rest for 4 minutes . roll out to 16 ''
diameter . spray pizza pan with cooking spray and place dough on pan .
let rise for 10 minutes . add sauce , toppings and cheese . place on
bottom rack of cold oven .

yield : 1 servings




christmas cardamon bread

breads

1 1/2 cup milk
5 eggs
3/4 cup butter
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon ( rounded ) cardamon
1 pkg yeast
9 cup flour ( approximate )
-- -- manual bread making ( not co

braided loaves

* scald milk , add sugar , butter , salt , and cardamon . let cool ... ...
* dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup warm water , add eggs and 2 cups flour
... . mix well ( dough-hook on ka works well ) ... . let rest for 10 or
15 minutes * add flour ( 7 cups +/- ) until a stiff dough is formed
... . knead , then ( cover with towel ) let rise to double in size ... .
takes about 2 hours .
* punch dough down and divide into 9 equal parts ... . roll each of
the 9 pieces of dough into strips about 18 '' long ... .. then braid the
dough strips , 3 at a time , into three loaves , each about 12 '' long
overall .
* place loaves on buttered cookie sheets and let rise to double in
size ... . bake at 400 f until crust is dark brown or until bread is
well baked .
* brush a glazing liquid over the loaves .. 1/2 cup water , 1/2 cup
sugar , 1 tbs butter .. place back in the oven for a minute to dry .

posted on $ p breads and pizza on 01/06 by james malia ( dcbc39a )

mm by cathy svitek

yield : 2 servings




quinoa corn bread

breads

2 cup corn meal
1 cup quinoa meal *
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon honey or brown sugar
1 large egg ; beaten
3 tablespoon butter or bacon fat , melted
2 1/2 cup buttermilk
-- -- optional -- --
4 oz canned chopped green chilies or- ja ; lapeno-tomato-relish

preheat oven to 425 f. prepare quinoa meal by grinding raw quinoa in
a blender . combine all dry ingredients . combine wet ingredients . mix
the two together . bake in greased 9 '' x 9 '' pan or greased muffin tin
until golden ( about 25 minutes ) .

serve hot , with lots of butter . for a spicier variation add optional
green chilies or jalapeno-and-tomato relish .

source : ancient harvest quinoa recipe leaflet typed for you by karen
mintzias

yield : 6 servings




caramel bread ring

breads

3/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup chopped nuts
1/3 cup margarine or butter
2 tablespoon water
2 tubes buttermilk biscuit dough

preheat oven to 400 degrees . generously grease 12 cup fluted tube
pan . in saucepan , combine brown sugar , nuts , margarine and water .
heat until margarine melts .

separate biscuits . cut each biscuit into quarters . place biscuit
sections in large bowl and pour mixture over them . toss lightly .
spoon biscuits into pan . bake for 20-30 minutes . serve warm . serves
8-10 typed in mmformat by cjhartlin @ msn.com source : home cooking jan
97

yield : 8 servings




sourdough french bread # 3

breads

3 cup all-purpose flour ( i use unbleached ; gold medal )
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 pkg dry yeast
1 cup sourdough starter

in a large bowl ... mix the dry yeast in body-heat water ( about 1/4 to
1/2 cup ) add 2 cups of the flour , the starter , salt and sugar and
stir for about 10 minutes

when smooth , cover with a damp towel and let rise for at least 1 1/2
hours

stir in one cup of flour , or enough to make the dough rigid .

knead dough on a well-floured bread board for 10-15 minutes roll into
a long loaf or form into a round ball , depending on your preference
place on a baking sheet sprinkled with corn meal cover with a damp
towel and let rise for at least 1 1/2 hours

( with this recipe the long rise times allow you to enjoy a ball game ,
read the sunday paper , trim your toe nails , and mow the lawn )

place a pan in the bottom of the oven , and fill it with boiling water
( this , she told me , is the secret weapon )

mix 1/2 t of cornstarch in about 1/4 cup of hot water

make several diagonal slices in the top of the loaf to prevent it from
breaking up when it fills with steam ; brush the loaf with the corn
starch mixture

place the loaf ( on the bread pan sprinkled with corn meal ) in the oven
above the water pan and bake at 400 degrees for 10-12 minutes

remove from the oven , and brush again with the corn starch mixture

remove the water pan from the oven and refill it with cold water

place the bread and water pan back in oven ( water pan below the
bread ) and bake for about 25 minutes

yield : 6 servings




cornbread & bacon stuffing

breads , stuffing

3 cup cornbread
6 bread slices
6 bacon slices
1 cup onion
2 eggs
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup chicken broth

preheat oven to 350 degrees if cooking stuffing alone . coarsely
crumble enough cornbread to make 3 cups . toast bread slices and cut
into cubes . in a skillet , cook bacon until crisp ; crumble and set
aside . cook onion in the bacon drippings until tender but not brown .
in mixing bowl , combine eggs , bacon , onion , poultry seasoning and
salt . add cornbread and bread cubes ; toss lightly until well mixed .
add enough chicken broth to moisten ; toss gently to mix . bake
uncovered in an ungreased 1 1/2-quart casserole for about 30 minutes .
or use to stuff 8 lb . turkey .

source : unknown from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie
the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node
004/005

yield : 7 servings




bacon cheese muffins

breads

1/2 lb bacon
1 veg oil
1 egg , beaten
3/4 cup milk
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup crunchy , nugget cereal
1 cup hredded cheddar cheese c

cook bacon- drain but reserve dripping , if necessary add veg oil to
measure 1/3 c total . in a small bowl combine dripping/oil , egg and
milk- set aside . crumble bacon , set aside . in a large bowl , combine
dry ingredients , make a well in center . add wet mixture all at once ;
stir just til moistened . batter will be lumpy , stir in cheese , bacon
& cereal . fill greased or lined muffin cups 3/4 full . bake at 400 for
15-20 min . makes 12 .

yield : 1 servings




grandma mackay 's cranberry bread

breads , quick bread

2 cup flour , all-purpose
1 cup sugar , granulated
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup orange juice ( juice of one large or ; ange )
2 tablespoon shortening
1 tablespoon orange peel , grated ( one large oran ; ge )
1 egg , beaten
1 cup cranberries , halved or chopped
1 cup walnuts or pecans , chopped

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. grease the bottom , but not the sides , of
two small loaf pans .

in a large bowl , sift together all the dry ingredients ( flour , sugar ,
baking powder , baking soda and salt ) . blend very well .

mix together the orange juice , orange peel , melted shortening and beaten
egg . mix only enough to blend uniformly . mix in the cranberries and the
nuts ; stir gently . pour the mixture into the loaf pans . push it to the
corners , leaving the center slightly hollow .

bake about an hour at 350 degrees f. the loaves are done when a toothpick
inserted in the middle comes out clean . cool completely before cutting . do
not try to serve warm .

notes :

* a festive cranberry-orange nut-bread -- my grandmother mackay clipped
this recipe from the 1951 edition of the pillsbury bake-off competition
recipes , and we 've made it a family tradition ever since . from time to time
my mother and i have both tried to improve on the recipe , but it appears
that the recipe is already perfect ; every variation we have ever tried has
been disappointing by comparison .

when i was a boy , before the invention of the food processor , making this
bread required cutting the cranberries in half by hand , with a knife , and
the person who brought 4 loaves of cranberry bread to the family
thanksgiving meal was more welcome than the person who brought the turkey .
now , between baker 's secret loaf pans and cuisinart slicer blades , you can
knock out 8 perfect loaves of the stuff while watching one episode of
sesame street . my grandmother still cuts each cranberry in half with a
paring knife , and hers still tastes better than mine . yield : 2 small
loaves .

* it takes practice to know when to stop mixing the dough . if you mix too
much , the bread gets a chewy texture to it , whereas it should have a very
crumbly consistency , like a muffin or cornbread .

* it really makes a difference in the texture of this bread to use a
shortening that is solid at room temperature , like crisco . it really makes
a difference in the flavor to use fresh orange-peel and not powdered . i
prefer walnuts to pecans .

* it might seem sensible to try to use the same orange for the peel and
the juice , but it is really more trouble than it is worth to try to peel a
juiced orange or juice a peeled orange . i usually use two oranges and eat
the one that i took the peel from .

* this bread keeps well in the freezer . specifically , it keeps from
thanksgiving to christmas . it also survives quite well being mailed by
parcel post from indiana to maryland .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : 10 minutes preparation if you have a food processor , 2 hours
baking and cooling .
: precision : measure carefully .

: brian reid
: dec western research laboratory , palo alto , california , usa
: reid @ decwrl.dec.com -or- { ihnp4 , ucbvax , decvax , sun , pyramid } ! decwrl ! reid

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




yogurt cheddar scones

desserts , biscuits , cheese

1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter ; cold
3/4 cup cheddar cheese ; shred
1 cup 1 % plain yogurt

in large bowl , mix together flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda
and salt ; cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . stir
in cheese . add yogurt all at once ; stir with fork to make soft ,
slightly sticky dough . on lightly floured surface , knead dough gently
6 times or until smooth . gently pat out dough to 1-inch thick round .
using 2-inch round cutter , cut out rounds . gather up scraps and pat
out dough once morel ; cut into rounds . bake on ungreased baking sheet
at 425f 220c for 12 to 15 minutes or until puffed and golden .
transfer to racks and let cool .

yield : 15 scones




cinnamon toast bread

breads , breakfast

-- -- dough -- --
1 pkg dry yeast
1 pinch sugar
1 1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon oil
2 cup white flour
2 cup whole-wheat flour
1 teaspoon sea salt
-- -- filling -- --
2 tablespoon dark brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 tablespoon unsalted butter

in a large measuring cup , proof the yeast and sugar in the warm
water for about 5 to 10 minutes . stir in the oil . blend the flours
and salt together in a large bowl . make a well in the center . pour
in the liquid and mix until the dough comes together . knead until
elastic , about 10 to 15 minutes by hand , or 5 minutes with a mixer
with a doughhook .
roll into a 9-15 inch rectangle and let rest for 5 minutes .
grease a 9-inch loaf pan . blend the filling ingredients together and
spread evenly over the entire surface of the rectangle . roll up like
a jelly roll , starting at one of the short ends .
tuck in the ends and place , seam-side down , in the loaf pan . let
stand in a warm place till it is doubled in bulk , about 30 to 45
minutes . preheat the oven to 400 degrees .
bake for 35 to 40 minutes , or till the bread sounds hollow when
turned out of the pan and thumped on the underside . let it cool
before slicing , if you can stand it .
each serving contains 100 calories and 1 gram of fat . posted by
monica willyard , db-tech bbs , stone mountain , ga , 404-296-0485

yield : 1 servings




herb-parmesan bread

breads , cheese/eggs

2 pkg yeast
2 cup ; water
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter ; softened
1/2 cup cheese , parmesan ; grated
1 1/2 tablespoon oregano
4 1/2 cup flour

heat water to 105-115 degrees . sprinkle yeast over warm water . let
stand a couple of minutes . stir . add sugar , salt , butter , cheese ,
oregano and 3 cups of flour . beat with wooden spoon until smooth .
beat with electric mixer set to medium for 2 minutes . scrape bowl ,
stir in remaining flour . cover and rise at 85 degrees until double in
bulk ( about 45 minutes ) . grease a 2 qt . casserole . stir down the
dough . beat 25 strokes . turn into casserole . sprinkle with some
grated cheese if desired . bake 55 minutes . from : harriet macdougall .
source : mccall 's collection . uploaded by : acupad [ zack ]

yield : 12 servings




flavorful herb bread ( kh )

breads

3/4 cup warm milk
2 tablespoon melted bacon fat or butter
1 egg
1/4 cup chopped chives
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon minced parsley
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon crushed oregano
1 pkg active dry yeast
3 to 3 1/2 cups all-purpose
1 flour
1/4 cup warm water ( 105 @ to 115 )

heat milk , bacon fat , sugar , and salt ; cool to lukewarm . sprinkle
yeast over warm water in a large mixing bowl ; stir until dissolved .
add the liquid , egg , chives , parsley , and oregano to yeast . stir in 2
cups flour beating until smooth . add enough more flour to make a
stiff dough . turn dough onto floured surface ; knead until smooth and
elastic ( 10 minutes ) . place in a greased bowl , turning to grease top
of dough . cover ; let rise in a warm place until double in bulk ( 1 to
1 1/2 hours . punch dough down shape into a round loaf . place in a
greased 9 inch pie pan . cover ; let rise until double in bulk about 30
minutes . bake at 400 for 10 minutes ; reduce to 375 and bake 20 to 25
minutes longer , or unti bread is well browned .

yield : 1 servings




honeyed-apple bread

breads

2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup bran
1/4 cup wheat germ
1/2 teaspoon ginger powdered
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon oil
2 eggs
1/2 cup honey
1/4 cup apple juice
1/2 cup yogurt
1 apple , peeled , sliced thin
1 cup dates , chopped
1/2 cup nuts , chopped

1 . mix flour , bran , wheat germ , spices and baking powder . 2 . mix oil ,
eggs , honey , juice and yogurt together and stir into
the dry ingridients . 3 . add apple , dates and nuts last . 4 . bake in
greased , floured 9 x 5 baking pan in preheated oven
for 70 to 90 minutes .
this bread slices best the day after baking .
out of have a natural christmas
typed by brigitte sealing

yield : 1 loaf




flour tortillas 1

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon vegetable shortening ( or lard )
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
2 cup tap-hot water

combine all ingredients except water . add water slowly , until dough
is soft , but does not stick to hands . knead dough until satiny .
softer dough is easier to roll . make 2 inch balls of dough , and
flatten , roll on floured surface with a light rolling pin . cook on
cast iron griddle , that has been preheated . griddle should be hot
enough to burn dough in less than 20 seconds . adjustments are
neces- sary , especially on electric stoves . heat is approximately 300
f. yield : 1 dozen .

yield : 6 servings




irish whiskey soda bread

breads , irish

-- -- bread -- --
4 cup flour , all purpose
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup butter , chilled
1 cup raisins or currants ( option )
1/2 cup honey , liquid
1/4 cup irish whisky or buttermilk
-- -- glaze -- --
2 teaspoon irish whisky
2 ilk

bread : in large bowl , combine flour , salt and baking soda . with
pastry blender or two knives , cut in butter until mixture resembles
coarse crumbs . stir in raisins or currants ( if using ) . in separate
bowl , combine buttermilk , honey and whisky . add all at once to dry
ingredients ; stir just until no dry spots remain . turn dough out
onto lightly floured surface . knead lightly 1 minute ( too much
handling will toughen loaves , while too little will inhibit rising . )
divide dough in half and shape each half into an 8 in ( 20 cm ) round .
place in two greased 8 in ( 1.2 l ) round cake pans . with floured
knife , cut a cross 1/2 in deep in each loaf.
glaze : in small bowl , combine whisky and milk . brush loaves with
glaze .
bake in 350f ( 180c ) oven 35 to 40 minutes or until loaves sound
hollow when tapped on bottoms . remove from pans ; let cool on wire
racks . cut into wedges .

yield : 8 servings




pane giallo ( polenta bread )

breads , italian

5 tablespoon unsalted bread
2 tablespoon minced garlic
1 cup polenta ( coarse yellow corn
1 meal )
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
3 eggs ; separated
2 cup milk
1/2 cup half and half
1 cup roasted red peppers ; minced
1 olive oil

in small skillet over moderatly low heat , melt 2 tablespoons of
butter . add garlic and saute until fragrant . remove from heat .
combine polenta , salt and pepper in a bowl and set aside . put egg
yolks , milk and half and half in a saucepan and wisk well . bring to a
boil , whisking constantly . add cornmeal mixture gradually , then add
garlic and red peppers . cook 2 minutes stirring constantly with
wooden spoon . add remaining butter and cook an additional 2 minutes .
preheat oven to 375 brush souffle dish or casserole with olive oil .
place dish in oven for 5 minutes to warm it . beat egg whites with a
pinch of salt until stiff peaks form . gently fold whites into
thickened cornmeal . pour mixture into hot souffle dish . bake until
puffed and golden about 30 minutes . serve immediately .

yield : 8 servings




sourdough cornmeal cakes

breads

4 cup flour
2 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup sourdough starter
3 eggs
2 teaspoon salt

mix all ingredients together the night before and let rise in a warm
place . bake on a griddle the next morning .

from : norman williams date : 08-08-93

yield : 1 servings




goldy 's irish soda bread

breads

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 cup raisins
1 tablespoon caraway seed
1 large egg
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup sour cream

set oven to 350f . butter a 9-inch round cake pan .

sift together the dry ingredients . using a food processor with the
steel blade or a pastry cutter , cut the butter into the flour mixture
until it resembles small peas . blend in the raisins and caraway
seeds . beat the egg , buttermilk , and sour cream together until
blended . stir the egg mixture into the dry mixture just until
blended . transfer the batter to the pan and bake for about 50 to 55
minutes , until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean .
makes 1 loaf .

~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

notes : a goldy bear mystery set in aspen , colorado . recipe by
: diane mott davidson . the cereal murders

from : hp_walls @ woco.ohio.gov date : mon , 15 jul 1996 14:00:51
~0400 (

yield : 1 servings




cheese butter

breads

1/2 cup butter , softened
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon lemon juice
3/4 teaspoon italian seasoning
1 cup cheddar , shredded
1/8 teaspoon pepper

beat butter and seasoning until fluffy . blend in cheese and lemon
juice . form a log and refrigerate .

yield : 1 servings




quick bread sticks

breads , low cal

10 low-fat refrigerated biscuit
1 1/4 cup rice cereal , coarsely crushe
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon skim milk
1 1/2 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese

cut each biscuit into thirds . roll each piece into a 4 inch stick .
combine cereal and salt . roll each stick in milk and then in cereal .
place on baking sheet and sprinkle with cheese . bake at 400 degrees
for 8-10 minutes or until golden brown .

exchanges : 1 starch , 1/2 fat source : first place favorites

yield : 6 servings




vegetable finger salad

appetizers , breads , vegetables

2 pkg pillsbury crescent rolls
2 pkg cream cheese - 8 oz . each
1 cup mayonnaise
1 pkg hidden valley ranch dressing
1 mix ( original recipe - dry )
1/2 cup chopped green pepper
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1/2 cup chopped broccoli
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese

press out in one piece without separation 2 packages pillsbury
crescent rolls in jelly roll pan or cookie sheet with edge ( 2 pans ) .
bake as directed on crescent roll package and cool .

mix together cream cheese , mayonnaise and hidden valley ranch
dressing . spread on cooled baked roll mix .

mix together chopped vegetables and press into cream cheese mixture .

refrigerate . cut into small squares . will keep several days in
refrigerator .

personal note : this recipe makes a lot . i cut all ingredients in
half and still have plenty to serve ( in addition to other snack
foods ) . i also replace half the mayo with non-fat yogert , and replace
the cheddar cheese with a fourth vegetable to cut the fat content
( still tastes delicious ) .

the total servings will change depending on how large or small you
cut each piece . i only listed 24 because meal master requires a
number . please change once you make the recipe and count the pieces .
thanks .

yield : 24 servings




norman brothers ' forgoza bread

breads

-- -- formatted by lisa crawford -- --
2 lb white bread dough
1 cup chopped green onion
1/2 cup chopped parsley
3 oz parmesan cheese
1/4 cup dried oregano
1 tablespoon granulated garlic
2 tablespoon crushed fresh garlic
1/3 cup olive oil

stretch bread dough to about a 12-inch square . sprinkle all
ingredients onto the dough . beginning at the top of the square , roll
up dough . chop the rolled dough into small pieces and pile pices into
2 ungreased 9-inch pie pans . let dough rise in warm place until
doubled . bake at 350 degrres f for 20 to 30 minutes , until nicely
browned .

nutritional infor per serving : ( 10 slices per loaf ) 164 cal ; 6g pro ,
21g carb , 6g fat ( 35 % ) , .2g fiber , 3mg chol , 287mg sodium exchanges :
.1 veg , 1.2 bread , .3 meat , 1.1 fat

source : norman brothers ' market , kendall , florida miami herald ,
10/5/95

yield : 2 loaves




barm brack ( traditional irish bread )

breads , desserts

2 1/2 cup mixed dry fruit -- currants > > >
1 dark & golden raisins .
1 cup boiling black tea
1 each egg
1 teaspoon mixed spice ( see note* )
4 teaspoon marmalade
1 cup ( heaping ) superfine sugar
2 1/2 cup self-rising flour

place dried fruit in a bowl , cover with the hot tea and let soak
overnight . the next day , add the remaining ingreds . and mix well .
preheat oven to 375 f. pour batten into greased 7 '' square pan and
bake in the center of oven for 1 1/2 hrs . let cool in the pan on
awire rack . slice and serve buttered with tea .

note* ( mixed spices : equal parts of cinnamon , clove , nutmeg ,
allspice , and mace .

1 . in northern ireland and in the republic , brack is the celtic
word for salt and is used to mean `` bread '' . barm brack is leavened
bread , the word barm meaning yeast .

2 . the term `` barmbrack '' for an irish fruit loaf or cake does not
derive from barm or leaven . it is a corruption of the irish word
`` aran breac '' ( speckled bread ) .

yield : 1 servings




pear-walnut bread

breads , holiday , pear , walnut

1 box honey-granola bread mix ( 16.1 o ; zs . )
1 cup pear nectar
1 egg
1 can sliced pears , drained and chopped ( ; 8 ozs . )
1/2 cup walnuts , chopped

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. combine bread mix , nectar , and egg in a
large bowl until well blended . stir in chopped pears and nuts . turn
batter into greased and floured 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch loaf pan . bake 45
to 55 minutes , or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes
out clean . cool bread 10 minutes in the pan on a wire rack . remove
from pan and cool completely on rack .

minutes

recipe from : parnets magazine , november 1986

yield : 6 servings

preparation time : 1 loa




vicki 's zucchini bread

breads , quick bread

3 eggs
1 cup oil
2 1/2 cup sugar
2 cup zucchini , shredded ( 2 small zukes )
2 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3 cup flour , sifted
1 1/2 cup walnuts , chopped ( or more )

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. beat eggs till foamy ; add oil and
sugar gradually , continuing to beat . stir in zucchini .

stir together the cinnamon , baking soda and powder , salt and flour .
add to zucchini mixture , stirring just till blended . stir in nuts .
turn into greased tube pan and bake in pre-heated oven for about 1
hour . cool on rack for 10 minutes ; turn out of pan and cool before
slicing .

yield : 2 loaves




german onion cake

breads , ethnic

2 cup coarsely chopped onions ; 3 large
2 tablespoon butter ( 1/4 stick )
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon dried marjoram
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup cornstarch
4 teaspoon baking powder
5 tablespoon vegetable shortening
3/4 cup milk ( may need up to 1 cup )
1 egg ; well beaten
3/4 cup sour cream
2 teaspoon poppy seeds
1/4 teaspoon paprika

in a medium skillet , saute teh onions in butter over low heat until
they just begin to brown , about 15 minutes . season with 1/4 teaspoon
of teh salt , the marjoram , and the pepper . set aside to cool .
preheat oven to 450 degrees . in a food processor bowl place flour ,
cornstarch , baking powder , and the remaining salt , mix . add the
shortening and process just until it is the texture of soft crumbs .
add the milk and mix quickly to form a soft dough .
oil a 10-inch round cake pan and lightly use your fingers to spread
the dough out evenly . spread the cooked onion over the top . beat
the egg and sour cream together . spoon the mixture over the onion ,
and spread it out to the very edge of the pan . sprinkle lightly with
poppy seeds and paprika . bake for 20 minutes . let cool slightly ,
then cut into wedges .

from cooking from quilt country - hearty recipes from amish and
mennonite kitchens by marcia adams .

formatted for mm by pegg seevers 4/24/94

yield : 10 servings




baking powder drop biscuits+++fggt98b

biscuits , jewel

1 1/2 cup bake-it-all mix*
1/2 cup milk

*do not pack
make a well in the mix . add milk and stir with a fork until all
of the mix is moistened . drop dough by spoonfuls onto a cooky sheet .
for 6 biscuits , use 1 cup mix with about 1/3 cup milk .

yield : 9 servings




non-fat blueberry muffins

breads , low cal , low fat

2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 each eggs whites
1 1/4 cup skim milk
1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries
1 ( thawed if frozen )
1 non-fat cooking spray

1 . preheat oven to 400 degrees f. 2 . spray twelve 2 to 2 1/2 inch
muffin pan cups 3 . into large bowl , sift flour with soda , powder and
salt 4 . into medium size bowl beat egg whites and milk 5 . add sugar ,
then egg mixture into large bowl . with spatula , blend until
throughly combined . ( mixure should be slightly lumpy ) 6 . glently fold
blueberries into mixture 7 . spoon batter into prepared muffin cups
about 2/3 cups from top . 8 . bake 18 to 22 minutes

makes about 11-14 muffins about 130 calories and .05 grams of fat

yield : 11 servings




glazed citrus bran loaf

breads

1 egg
1 cup milk
1/2 cup margarine or butter , melted
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
1 tablespoon grated lemon rind
1 cup bran cereal
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 gup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon orange juice
1 tablespoon lemon juice

beat egg , milk , melted margarine , orange and lemon rind together in
mixing bowl to blend . stir in cereal ; set aside . combine flour,1/2
cup sugar , baking powder and salt in large bowl . stir well . add
cereal mixture to dry ingredients stirring just until well blended .
pour into greased 8 '' x 4 '' loaf pan . bake at 350 f for 55 to 60 min .
glaze immediately . bring 1/3 cup sugar , orange and lemon juice to a
boil in small saucepan , for glaze . prick hot loaf with skewer or
wooden pick to make many small holes through loaf . spoon glaze slowly
over surface of pricked loaf , allowing it to soak in . cool loan in
pan , then remove and slice to serve . servings : 1 loaf

yield : 1 servings




irish eggs

breads

-- -- lois flack -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs ( 315 ) 7861120 -- --
1 * * * * * *
1 can ( 20oz . ) corned beef hash
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup ketchup
1 small diced onion
4 eggs

mix all ingredients except eggs . cover and simmer 10 minutes in a
medium skillet . make four hollows in the surface of the hash and
break eggs into each hollow . cover and simmer until eggs are done .

serves 2 to 3 .

source : `` the gookin ' o'the green '' - february '94 edition - family
magazine .

typed for you by lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny .

yield : 2 servings




instant potato starter

breads

-- -- starter -- --
1 pkg dry yeast ,
1/2 cup sugar
2 cup warm water ,
2 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup instant potato flakes
-- -- feed -- --
3/4 cup sugar ,
1 cup warm water ,
1 teaspoon instant potato flakes
-- -- bread -- --
1 cup starter ,
1 1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon salt ,
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup oil ,
6 cup flour

starter : dissolve yeast in 1/2 c. of warm water . add remaining
ingred . and stir well . place in glass jar , covered loosely with foil ,
plastic wrap , etc . ( to allow for gas expansion ) . keep at room
temperature for 24 hrs . then place starter in frig . for 3-5 days .
feed : after starter has been refrigerated 3-5 days , take out and feed
it above mixture . let stand out ( loosely covered ) all day ( 8-10
hrs. ) . take out 1 c. to use in making bread and return remaining
starter to frig . keep refrigerated from 3-5 days ; feed again . after
feeding , take out 1 c. to use in making bread , or give 1 c. to a
friend , or throw 1 c. away . starter must be fed again in 3-5 days .
bread : mix first 5 ingred . together . add in flour 1 c. at a time
until thoroughly mixed . knead until good `` elastic '' consistency , but
do n't over knead . place approx . 2 tbl . oil in bottom of large boowl ;
turn dough over so oiled side is facing up . cover with dish towl ; let
rise until double - about 8-10 hrs . punch down , knead again only a
few times , mixing in flour until good consistency . divide dough in
half , shape into loaves . place in ungreased loaf pans ; let rise again
( 4-6 hrs. ) . bake @ 350 for 25-35 min . until golden brown and loaves
sound hollow when tapped . cinnamon bread : before placing dough in
loaf pans to rise , roll out , brush with melted butter , sprinkle with
cinnamon and sugar . roll up and place in loaf pan to rise . this is a
great receipe - i 've enjoyed it for years ! your starter should bubble
a little after it has set out for the day ( before you feed it ) . if
not , i have added yeast to the warm water of the `` feed '' and added it
in and the starter has recovered just fine ! enjoy ! and let me know
how you like it ! don in arlington , tx 8/28 9:40 a.m .

yield : 1 servings




sourdough starter # 4

breads

1 single unbleached flour
1 single potato water

boil some potatoes for supper , save the potato water , and use it
lukewarm with enough unbleached flour to make a thick batter . without
yeast . this is a good way to make it in camp , where you have no
yeast available and want fast results . this is also the way most
farm girls made it in the olden days . let stand a day or so , or
until it smells right .

yield : 1 servings




honeymoon sourdoughs

breads

1 cup active starter
1 1/4 cup prepared biscuit mix
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon cooking oil

mix all ingredients thoroughly and turn out onto a floured board ,
knead lightly and then roll out gently and cut into biscuits . brush
lightly with melted butter or margarine . place of greased cookie
sheet and bake at 450 degrees for about 15 minutes .
makes 9 large biscuits .

yield : 4 servings




navajo fry bread

breads

4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon double-acting baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup water
1 cup vegetable shortening

in a bowl whisk together the flour , the baking powder , and the salt ,
stir in the water , and knead the mixture on a floured surface until
it forms a soft but not sticky dough . let the dough stand , covered
with a kitchen towel , for 15 minutes . pull off egg-size pieces of the
dough and oat and stretch them into 1/4-inch thick rounds . poke a
hole witha finger through the center of each round so that the breads
will fry evenly . in a large heavy skillet heat the shortening over
moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking , in it fry the
rounds , 1 at a time , for 2 minutes on each side , or until they are
golden , and transfer the breads as they are fried to paper towels to
drain . source : gourmet magazine
: april 1993
: pg . 193-194

from the collection of k. deck

yield : 8 fry breads




cranberry-oat muffins

breads , quick & easy

1/2 cup chopped cranberries ( raw ) or- blueb ; erries
1/4 cup honey or maple syrup
2 tablespoon unrefined vegetable oil
3/4 cup orange juice
1 cup am oat bran
1 cup am whole wheat pastry flour
1 tablespoon non-alum baking powder

( yield : 12 large or 24 mini-muffins )

place berries , honey , oil , orange juice in blender and blend
slightly . mix dry ingredients . add liquid to dry and mix . fill oiled
muffin tins and bake at 400 f. for 20 to 25 minutes or until nicely
browned . the smaller muffins rise better .

source : arrowhead mills `` oat bran recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




spaghetti bread

breads , pasta , italian

1 pkg yeast
3 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon dried italian seasoning
1 tablespoon olive oil ( use ingredients at room ; temperature . )
1 1/2 cup warm water

`` with the powerful flavors of parmesan cheese , italian seasoning and
olive oil , this is the perfect companion or main course for italian
dinners with or without spaghetti . ''

add all ingredients into the pan in the order listed . select white
bread and push `` start . ''

yield : 6 servings




naan bread

breads , indian

2 oz fresh yeast , or
3 tablespoon yogurt
1 1/2 lb fine whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon wild onion seeds
1 lukewarm water
1 melted butter or ghee

( 1 ) using the yeast , water and flour , follow the recipe for unleavened
bread below . add the seeds . ( 2 ) divide the dough into four equal
parts . ( 3 ) roll each part into a teardrop shape at least 1/4 inch
thick . ( 4 ) preheat the grill to three-quarters heat , cover the rack
pan with foil , and set it in the midway position . ( 5 ) put the naan on
the foil and grill it . watch it cook ( it can easily burn ) . as soon
as the first side develops brown patches , remove it from the grill .
( 6 ) turn it over and brush the uncooked side with a little melted
ghee or butter . ( 7 ) return it to the grill and cook it until it is
sizzling . remove . ( 8 ) repeat stages 5-8 with the other three naan .
serve at once . leavened bread : ( 1 ) dissolve the fresh yeast in a
little lukewarm water . ( 2 ) put the flour in a *warmed* bowl , make a
well in the center , and pour in the yeast . yogurt can be used instead
of the yeast by non-vegans . ( 3 ) gently mix into the flour and add
enough water to make a firm dough . ( 4 ) remove from the bowl and knead
on a floured board until well combined .
return to the bowl and leave in a warm place for a couple of hours to
rise . ( 5 ) knock back the dough by kneading it down to its original
size .

yield : 4 servings




victorian tea bread

breads , snacks

1 pkg yeast
3/4 cup milk , warm
1 1/2 cup white sugar
11 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs
3 sticks butter
1 golden raisins
1 maraschino cherries , whole

directions : dissolve yeast cake ( or active dry yeast ) in 3/4 cp luke
warm milk . put in mixing bowl 1 cp flour , 1t white sugar , add
dissolved yeast . beat for few minutes ( until smooth ) and let rise
( rest for 20 min ) . then add 3 cps luke warm milk to batter , 1 1/2 cps
white sugar , 1t salt , 2 eggs ( beaten ) , 3/4 cp melted butter . beat for
few min . add 3 cps flour , mix well . add 6-8 more cps flour gradually
and another 1/3 cp butter to make soft , but kneadable dough . knead
for 8-10 minutes . add 1 1/2 cp raisins and some maraschino cherries .
put into greased tins ( loaf pans ) , let rise for about 90 min . under
damp kitchen towel . spread with butter and sprinkle with white sugar .
bake at 350 ! for about 1 hour . note : this recipe produces a lovely ,
semi-sweet , cake-like bread which is delicious lightly toasted and
served with butter or preserves with devonshire cream .

yield : 30 servings




choco banana loaf

breads , desserts , kids

1/2 cup butter , softened
1 cup granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 medium ripe bananas
1/4 cup milk
1 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/4 cup cocoa
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

you will need : 9x5x3 inch loaf pan , a medium bowl , a mixing spoon , an
electric mixer , measuring spoons , measuring cups , a table fork , a
table knife , oven mitts and a wire rack . 1 . turn the oven on to 350
f. grease the loaf pan . combine the butter or margarine , sugar , eggs
and vanilla in the bowl . beat on med . speed , just until moistened .
2 . mash enough of the bananas with the fork to make 1 cup . add to
the batter in the bowl along with the milk . beat on low speed to
blend in . ( eat any leftover bananas ) 3 . add the next 5 ingredients .
beat on low speed until the flour mixture is moistened . 4 . use the
spoon to stir in the walnuts . turn the bqtter into the loaf pan . bake
on the center rack in the oven for 50-60 minutes . a wooden toothpick
inserted in the center of the loaf should come out clean and dry .
use the oven mitts to remove the pan to the wire rack . let stand for
15 minutes . cut around the sides with the knife to loosen . turn the
pan upside down onto the wire rack to remove the loaf . turn the loaf
right side up . cool completely . store the loaf in a plastic bag .
this slices more easily when it is 1 day old . makes 1 loaf .

from company 's coming : kids cooking formatted by tonya thompson

yield : 1 loaf




blue buck cakes

breads

1 cup am blue cornmeal
1 cup am buckwheat flour
3/4 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 1/2 tablespoon non-alum baking powder
2 cup milk or soymilk
1 1/2 teaspoon unrefined vegetable oil
1/2 cup blueberries

mix dry ingredients and liquids separately . stir mixtures together
just until lumps disappear . pour batter onto hot , oiled griddle ,
turning once . serve hot with your favorite sweetener .

source : arrowhead mills `` blue cornmeal recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 recipe




walnut apple bread

breads , fruits

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour , sifted
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon allspice
1 1/2 cup wheat cereal flakes , crushed
1 cup walnuts , coarsely chopped
1/4 cup apple , chopped
1 each egg , slightly beaten
1/4 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup buttermilk , lowfat

grease or spray 9x5x3 in . loaf pan . preheat oven to 350f . mix and
sift flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt and spices into bowl .
stir in cereal , walnuts and apple . combine egg , brown sugar ,
buttermilk and oil ; add to dry mixture . stir just enough to moisten
dry ingredients . do not beat . spoon into pan . bake at 350 f one
hour or until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean .

makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 servings




hobo bread

breads

2 cup raisins
2 cup boiling water
4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup vegetable oil
3 cup flour , or enough to stiffen

1 . put raisins in a large pot , with tight fitting cover . pour in
boiling water to cover , and stir in baking soda . cover tightly
and let stand overnight . 2 . prepare 3 ( 1 pound ) coffee cans by
oiling and coating each with
flour . 3 . combine flour , sugar and salt . add oil and flour
mixture , one
cup at a time to raisins , stirring well after each addition .
fill prepared cans 1/2 full with batter . 4 . bake in a preheated
350f oven about 70 minutes , or until done .
remove from oven and let stand 5-10 minutes . run a knife around
edge to loosen loaf and shake out .

makes 3 loaves .

yield : 3 servings




heary fig oatbran muffins

breads , low fat

1 1/2 cup bran flakes cereal
1/2 cup apple juice
3 tablespoon egg substitute ; -or- egg
1/2 cup non-fat milk
6 oz apple juice concentrate
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 large banana ; mashed
3/4 cup california dried figs - chopped fin ; ely
2 tablespoon honey ; -or- brown sugar , firmly
1 1/2 cup flour ; oat flour , -whole wheat o
1/2 cup oatmeal ( rolled oats )
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder

combine your favorite bran flakes in a large bowl with apple juice .
moisten the flakes evenly . add the egg substitute , milk , apple juice
concentrate , oil , banana , figs and honey . mix well . in a small bowl ,
combine flour , oatmeal , cinnamon , baking soda and baking powder . add
to bran mixture and mix well . line a muffin tin with paper liners .
spoon batter into paper-lined muffin cups . bake at 350 f for 20
minutes or until done . yield : 12 muffins

yield : 12 muffins




orange scones

breads

2 cup flour
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup chilled unsalted butter , cut into p ; ieces
1/2 cup dried currants
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
1 egg
1 egg , separated
3/4 cup whipping cream

the whitehall inn in new hope , pennsylvania , offers these delicious
cakelike , orange scented scones .

makes about 9 .

sugar

preheat oven to 400f . combine first 4 ingredients in processor . add
butter and cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse
meal . transfer to large bowl . mix in currants and orange peel . beat 1
egg and 1 yolk in small bowl . whisk in cream . add to flour/butter
mixture and stir until dough pulls away from sides of bowl . turn
dough out on lightly floured surface and knead gently until smooth .
roll dough out to thickness or 1 inch . cut into 3 inch rounds using
cookie cutter . transfer rounds to heavy large baking hseet , spacing 1
inch apart . brush tops with egg white . sprinkle lightly with sugar .
bake scones until puffy and light brown , about 18 minutes . cool
scones on rack . serve scones warm or at room temperature .

origin : bon appetit , favorite restaurant recipes shared by : sharon
stevens .

yield : 9 servings




crockpot pumpkin bread in jars ( joan johnson )

breads , crockpot , jar cake

1 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 cup brown sugar ; firmly packed
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 eggs
1/2 cup pumpkin ( canned )
4 tablespoon raisins or dried currants ; f

recipe by : better homes and gardens new crockery cooker in small bowl
combine flour , baking powder and pumpkin pie spice ; set aside .

in med . mixing bowl combine brown sugar and oil ; beat till well
combined . beat in eggs . add pumpkin ; mix well . add flour mixture .
beat just until combined . stir in raisins .

pour pumpkin mixture into 2 well-greased and floured 1/2-pint
straight-sided canning jars . cover jars tightly w/greased foil . place
a piece of crumpled foil in 3-1/2 or 4 qt . crockery cooker with liner
in place . place jars atop crumpled foil .

cover ; cook on high setting for 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 hours or until a
wooden toothpick inserted near centers comes out clean .

remove jars from cooker ; cool 10 minutes in jars . remove bread from
jars . cool thoroughly on wire rack .
makes 2 loaves .

for 3-1/2 to 4 quart crockpots -- halve all ingredients .

warning : use only canning jars for this recipe . others may not be
tempered to withstand the heat . do not use coffee or vegetable cans
as most contain lead and are painted or sealed with materials that
may give off toxic gases when heated .

this recipe does n't say you can seal them up and store them in your
pantry but my kerr canning book recipe says you can ; here 's how :

remove jars from the oven one at a time , wipe rim of jar clean ; put
on lid and ring and screw on tightly .

jars will seal as the cake cools . store like canned goods .

if you 'll be giving these as gifts , take a piece of decorative cloth
( about 1-inch larger in circumference than the lid or as large as
you 'd like ) and put it on top of the lid , then screw on the ring .
make sure you screw the lid on very tightly . i like to use pinking
shears to cut the cloth out with .

yield : 1 servings




sorghum molasses bread

breads

2 cup milk
2 tablespoon shortening , melted
1/4 cup molasses
3/4 cup raisins
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 each yeast cake
6 cup flour

combine milk , shortening and molasses in mixing bowl and let cool til
lukewarm . add yeast and then allow to stand for about five minutes .
then add raisins . add flour , a little each time and beating after
each time , until you have a stiff dough . it must be stiff enough to
knead on a lightly floured board . knead till smooth and elastic .
cover with a warm damp cloth and let set in a warm place till double
in bulk . punch down and let it rise to double in bulk again . form
into loaves and place into well greased pans . cover and let the dough
rise again till double in bulk . bake in a hot oven , 415 degrees for
about 45 minutes or until done . good served warm with coffee .

from `` ma 's cookin ' mountain recipes ''

yield : 16 servings




sausage corn muffins

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup cornmeal
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup milk
1 egg beaten
1/2 lb bulk pork sausage

combine first 5 ingredients . mix in rest of ingredients . spoon batter
into greased muffin pan , filling 2/3 full . bake at 425 for 25 minutes
or until golden brown .

yield : 18 servings




chile cornbread - sunset

breads , mexican , low fat

1 cup yellow cornmeal
1 cup flour , all-purpose
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
2 large egg whites
1 cup buttermilk -- * see note
3 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon butter -- melted
7 oz green chiles -- diced

1 . in a large bowl , mix cornmeal , flour , baking powder and salt . in a
small bowl beat egg , egg whites , buttermilk , honey , butter and diced
green chiles until blended . add egg mixture to flour mixture and
stir until dry ingredients are evenly moistened .

2 . spread batter in an 8 inch square nonstick ( or greased regular )
baking pan . bake in a 375 degree oven until bread pulls away from
the sides of the pan and a wooden toothpick inserted in the center
comes out clean ( about 30 minutes ) .

recipe by : sunset low-fat mexican cookbook

yield : 8 servings




caramel shortbread

breads , desserts

1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup icing sugar
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/4 cup corn syrup ( dark is best )
1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin
2/3 cup sweetened condensed milk

an upside down toffee-like confection .

first layer : measure first 3 ingredients into bowl . crumble together
well . press in ungreased 8 x 8-inch pan . bake in 350 f oven for 20 to
25 minutes . cool .

second layer : melt the scond amount of butter and corn syrup in heavy
saucepan . measure sugar in cup . stir in gelatin to mix thoroughly .
add to saucepan stirring to dissolve . add condensed milk . stir ,
bringing to a boil . boil 4 minutes stirring constantly . it burns very
easily when boiling . remove from heat . beat with spoon until it
thickens and gets blobby . you will need to take a moment 's rest now
and then as you beat . pour over first layer . chill overnight . invert
on plastic wrap . this makes it much easier to cur through to the
bottom . cut into 25 squares .

source : company 's coming - 150 delicious squares by jean pare '

shared by kaitlin young

yield : 6 servings




lola 's whole wheat bread

breads

1 beaten egg
2 cup buttermilk
3 tablespoon molasses or honey
1 1/2 tablespoon melted butter
2 cup wholewheat flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup chopped raisins
1 1/4 cup chopped nuts

combine 1st four ingredients in mixing bowl . add combined dry
ingredients , add raisins and nuts . divide dough evenly in 2 well
greased loaf pans . bake in 400 oven for 50 min . or until bread sounds
hollow when tapped on bottom .

yield : 6 servings




quick raisin bread

breads

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup sugar
1 cup raisins
2 cup cereal flakes
1 each egg
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
4 tablespoon shortening ; melted

dredge raisins in small amount of flour , sift dry ingredients
together and add raisins and cereal . beat eggs slightly , add milk and
melted shortening , blend well with first mixture but do not overmix .
bake in greased loaf pan 350 f. about 1 hour .

note : type of cereal not given , corn or bran could probably be used .

source : ruth hutchinson , marathon grange , clermont county , oh

yield : 1 servings




buttermilk toaster pancakes

breads , breakfast

3 eggs
1 tablespoon brown sugar , packed
1 cup flour ; unsifted
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon oil

preheat griddle .

beat eggs with brown sugar until very light , about 2 minutes .

mix dry ingredients . stir gently into beaten eggs .

add buttermilk and oil . stir only until mixed . batter will be lumpy .

for each pancake , pour 1/4 cup batter onto hot griddle . cook until
surface is covered with bubbles , turn , and cook other side until
light brown . cool on rack .

place pancakes in an airtight container with waxpaper between layers .
or wrap singly in foil . label and store in freezer .

to reheat in toaster : remove from freezer and unwrap pancakes to be
reheated . set toaster on medium-low setting . toast pancakes , twice if
necessary , to heat through .

calories per 4-inch pancake : about 90

source : food -- by u.s. department of agriculture typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 12 pancakes




challah ii

breads , jewish

-- -- dough -- --
1/2 oz yeast ( active ) , dry ( 2 packages )
2 cup water , warm
4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
3 large eggs
3/4 cup vegetable oil ( up to about 1/4 cup ; more , to taste )
9 cup flour , all-purpose ( more if needed )
-- -- glaze -- --
1 large egg
1 sesame or poppy seeds

mix yeast in warm water . let sit 5 minutes . in a large bowl combine salt ,
sugar , eggs and oil . add yeast mixture . slowly add flour , stirring until
not too sticky . when the dough becomes too thick to stir , turn it out onto
a floured board and knead , adding flour as necessary . scrape the working
surface with a plastic dough spatula from time to time , to keep a dry skin
from forming on it . you may find that you need more flour , but do n't add
too much more , or the dough will become heavy . knead until the dough is
smooth and elastic ( about 10 minutes ) .

form dough into a ball and place in a lightly oiled large bowl , turning to
coat the dough with oil . a ceramic bowl is best . cover the bowl with a
clean cloth and leave in a warm , draft-free place to rise for 1 1/2 hours ,
or until doubled in bulk . after the dough has risen , punch it down and
divide it into 6 balls . let the dough balls sit for 5 minutes , covered .

keeping dough balls covered while working , remove a ball and roll it
between your hands ( or on working surface ) into a cord about 1 inch wide by
about 20 inches long . the dough is quite elastic , making it nicely
workable , yet also tending to make it shrink back slightly after being
lengthened . i find it best to lengthen it in a series of passes . form 3
cords this way , and then start from the middle and braid them into a single
loaf . tuck the ends under . it 's a little harder to figure out how to start
braiding from the middle , but the loaves come out more even and attractive
that way . do n't pull the cords while braiding . place the loaf on a lightly
oiled baking sheet , and cover it with a cloth while you form the other
loaf . keep the loaves well apart on the baking sheet , since they will
expand a lot . cover the loaves and place again into a warm , draft-free
place to rise for 45-60 minutes .

after the loaves have risen , gently brush the tops with beaten egg using a
soft brush , and then sprinkle with the seeds . bake at 350 degrees f. for
30 minutes , or until golden brown .

notes :

* challah ( pronounced `` hallah '' ) is a type of braided egg bread
traditionally eaten on the jewish sabbath . it is eaten by tearing off hunks
rather than by cutting with a knife .

i got this recipe from a housemate a couple of years ago ; i do n't know its
origins before that , but it has become one of my favorite recipes , and one
with which i have experimented a good deal . i 've tried several other
challah recipes , but find i like this one the best . yield : 2 large loaves .

* the variation in oil makes quite a difference in the moisture of the
bread : if you use the larger quantity , the bread comes out very nice and
moist , but when it cools it becomes somewhat oily .

the amounts of sugar and oil may sound high , but try it this way once
before cutting back . i have tried other recipes that use less , and they
do n't taste nearly as good .

* here 's the fun part -- > variations . because this dough is so workable ,
you can form it many different ways , limited only by your imagination ; i
once made a whole collection of different shapes and sizes , for a festive
dinner party .

some of the variations i have tried include :

: o adding extra ingredients , such as raisins and/or nuts
: o forming the braided loaf into a wreath-like loop ( joining the ends )
: o braiding 5 ways instead of 3
: o baking a small loaf on top of a larger loaf ( traditional )
: o braiding 3 braided loaves into a recursive loaf ( did n't turn out
well ; it ended up looking knotty , rather than intricate , and being somewhat
tough )
: o varying the loaf sizes . one time i made individual-sized loaves , so
that everyone could have their own loaf at dinner . another time , i divided
the dough into 2 halves , set one aside , and made a loaf out of the other
half . then , i divided the remaining piece into 2 halves , and continued the
process until i had an array of loaves , each half the size of the previous .
i managed to get 9 loaves by doing this , the smallest of which was about
1/4 inch by about 2 inches .

: o varying the length-to-width proportions ; traditionally , challah
loaves are quite wide relative to their length . i find that shorter , wider
loaves are doughier ( and thus tastier ) , but longer loaves look more
elegant .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : 30 minutes dough preparation , 1 1/2 hours first rising , 1 hour
loaf forming , 1 hour second rising , 30 minutes baking . total : 4 1/2 hours .
: precision : approximate measurement ok .

: mike schwartz
: university of washington , computer science , seattle , washington , usa
: ihnp4 ! uw-beaver ! schwartz schwartz @ cs.washington.edu

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 loaves




potato bread

breads

3 potatoes
1 yeast cake
2 tablespoon shortening
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
6 1/2 cup sifted flour

cook pared potatoes in boiling water until tender ; mash in liquid and
heat 2 cups to lukewarm . crumble yeast in 1/4 cup of the liquid . to
remaining liquid add shortening , sugar and salt . add softened yeast
and 1/2 of the flour . beat ; add remaining flour gradually . knead on
floured board until thoroughly elastic . place in bowl , cover and let
rise . when doubled in bulk , divide into 2 parts , shape into loaves
and place in greased pans . let rise again until doubled in bulk . bake
in a 375 degree oven for 45 minutes or until bread shrinks from sides
of pan . makes 2 ( llb ) loaves .

yield : 1 servings




bacon cheddar muffins

breads , breakfast , biscuits , dinner

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup shredded shrp.cheddar cheese
14 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper
1 beaten egg
3/4 cup milk
1/3 cup cooking oil
6 slice bacon crisp-cooked , drained
1 and crumbled ( 1/3 cup )

grease 8 2 1/2 in muffin cups and the top surface of a pan . set
muffin pan aside . in medium bowl stir together , flour , cheddar
cheese , sugar , baking powder , and red pepper . make a well in the
center of mixture . in a small mixing bowl stir together the egg , milk
and cooking oil . add this mixture all at once to flour mixture . stir
till just moistened ( batter should be lumpy ) fold in crumbled bacon .
spoon batter into prepared muffin cups so batter is even wtih the top
of pan . bake 400 f. 20 -25 minutes , until golden brown . let stand for
2 -5 minutes in cups , remove muffins serve warm .

yield : 8 servings




longjohns

breads , breakfast

-- -- for the batter -- --
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup boiling water
1 cup evaporated milk
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract
3 pkg yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 each eggs , beaten
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
9 cup flour
1 each oil for frying
-- -- for the frosting -- --
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup light brown sugar
3 tablespoon heavy cream
3/4 teaspoon maple flavoring
1 each powdered sugar as needed

combine shortening and boiling water . stir in milk and lemon
flavoring . dissolve the yeast in 1/2 cup warm water . when shortening
mixture is lukewarm add in yeast mix . add remaining ingredients ,
adding just enough flour to make a soft dough that can be kneaded .
knead for 5 minutes . cover dough and let rest for 10 minutes . roll
out to 1/4 inch thickness . cut into 6 '' x 1 '' strips . cover with tea
towel and let rise for 1 hour . heat oil to 375 deg f. slip raised
side of dough into oil and then turn over , cooking both sides until
lightly browned . drain on paper towels , then frost . for the icing ,
boil the butter , brown sugar , and cream in a small pan for three
minutes . add flavoring , then enough powdered sugar to make spreading
easy . enjoy !

yield : 18 servings




potato buns

breads

1 text only

follow directions for making potato butter horn rolls . form the dough
into buns ; place in a well-oiled pan . cover and let rise until treble
in bulk . bake in hot oven ( 450 f ) about 25 minutes . the household
searchlight - 1941

yield : 6 servings




basic muffins & variations

breads

1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
3/4 cup milk
1/3 cup cooking oil

in a large mixing bowl stir together the flouw , sugar , baking powder
and salt . make a well in the center . combine egg , milk and oil . add
egg mixture all at once to flour mixture . stir just till moistened ;
batter should be lumpy . grease muffin cups or line with paper bake
cups ; fill 2/3 full . bake in a 400 degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes
or till golden . remove from pans ; serve warm . makes 10 to 12 muffins .
variations add : blueberry : combine 3/4 cup fresh or frozen
blueberries , thawed , and 2 tablespoons additional sugar .
apple-raisin : stir in 1/2 teaspoon groun cinnamon into flour mixture .
fold 1 cup copped peeled apple and 1/4 cup raisins into batter .
jelly : spoon 1 teaspoon jelly atop batter in each muffin cup before
baking . date-nut : fold 2/3 cup coursely chopped pitted dates and 1/3
cup walnuts or pecans to batter . cheese : stir 1/2 cup shedded cheddar
or swiss cheese into flour mixture . banana-nut : decrease milk to 1/2
cup . stir 1 cup mashed banana and 1/2 cup chopped nuts into batter .
pumpkin : increase sugar to 1/3 cup . add 1/2 cup canned pumpkin to egg
mixture . stir 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon and 1/2 teaspoon ground
nutmeg into flour mixture . stir 1/2 cup raisins into batter .
cranberry : coursely chop 1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries and
combine with 1/4 cup additional sugar . fold into batter .

yield : 8 servings




native american hopi blue corn mush `` savory way ''

breads , desserts , ethnic , misc

1 quart water
1 1/2 cup blue cornmeal
1 salt
1 oil for frying

bring water to a boil in a saucepan , add salt to taste , and whisk in
the cornmeal . lower the heat and stir the cornmeal for 10 minutes or
until it tastes done . the coarser the meal , the longer it will take .
pour the cooked cereal onto a cookie sheet or into a bread pan and
set it aside to cool for an hour or so or until firm . once it has
cooled , slice it into pieces for frying . fry the slices in butter or
oil in a nonstick pan until lightly crisped on both sides . if this is
to be eaten as a savory , sprinkle a little red chili or paprika on
top just before serving .

this is cooked like cornmeal mush , molded in a bread pan , and then
sliced and fried . it is delicious with a clear corn flavor and odd
purple-blue color . it 's good with eggs and bacon , or with butter .

yield : 6 servings




pineapple carrot coffee ring

breads , desserts , low cal

1 pk active dry yeast ( 1tbsp )
1/4 cup warm water ( 110-115 f )
1 egg
2 tablespoon honey
1 cup unbleached white flour
1 8 oz crushed pineapple in
1 its own juice
1 cup grated carrots ( 2 med )
1/4 cup raisins ( dark or golden )
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 cup sunflower seeds
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup bran
2 tablespoon vegetable oil

sprinkle the yeast over the warm water in a bowl . stir to dissolve the
yeast . combine the egg , honey , yeast mixture , unbleasched white
flour , and the pineapple in a mixing bowl . beat well . let stand in a
warm place for 30 minutes covered with a wet towel . add the carrots ,
raisins , salt , cinnamon , nutmeg , sunflower seeds , whole wheat flour ,
bran and oil . blend well . spoon the dough into a lightly oiled 10
inch tube pan . let rise unti ldoubled in a warm place for 60 minutes .
bake in a 350 f oven for 25 minutes or until browned . cool in the pan
for 5 minutes ; then remove from the pan and cool completely on a wire
rack . engergy per serving ( 1/16 of recipe ) : 130 calories

yield : 16 servings




pizza uno 's deep pan chicago style pizza ( jan

breads , vegetables , ethnic , pizza

1/2 cup coarse ground cornmeal
1 cup warm tap water ( 110-115
1 teaspoon salt deg )
1/4 cup oil
1 pkg active dry yeast filling :
3 1/2 cup flour
1 lb mozzarella ; sliced
1 sage ; removed from the cas
1 d 28 oz can whole

tomatoes , drained and coarsely crushed 2 garlic cloves , minced 3 tsp
dried let the dough rise in an oiled bowl , sealed with plastic wrap ,
for 45 to 6 preheat the oven to 500 degrees . while the dough is
rising , prepare the filling . cook the crumbled sa when the dough
has finished its second rising , lay the cheese over the do bake for
15 minutes at 500 degrees . then lower the temperature to 400 degr
( from the pizza book , by evelyn sloman ) converted by mmconv vers . 1.10

yield : 1 servings




kevin 's irish soda bread

breads

4 1/4 cup all purpose flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 cup raisins
2 cup buttermilk

directions :
mix 4 cups of the flour with the remaining ingredients
with a fork until mixed . sprinkle 1/4 cup of flour on
a board and turn out dough . knead flour
in until it forms a smooth dough . ( add more flour as
needed ) . grease a 9 '' round skillet or cake pan , dust
with flour , then press loaf into pan . cut a 1/2 inch
deep cross in top of loaf . bake 1 hour and 15 minutes
at 375 degrees , or until it sounds hollow . remove
from pan to a wire rack ; rub with butter and sprinkle
with sugar . cool completely .

yield : 1 servings




english muffins 3

breads , breakfast

-- -- sponge -- --
1/4 cup warm water ( 110of )
1 pinch sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm milk ( 110of )
2 tablespoon unsalted butter , cut in small piece ; s and softened
1 tablespoon honey
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
-- -- dough -- --
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cornmeal

sponge : butter a 4 quart mixing bowl . in a small bowl , combine warm
water and pinch sugar . sprinkle yeast over water mixture . let stand
until yeast dissolves and bubbles . while yeast is dissolving , in
buttered bowl combine warm milk , butter and honey . stir until butter
is almost melted . stir in 2 1/2 cups flour and dissolved yeast . beat
on high speed for 3 minutes . cover and let rise in warm place until
doubled , about
30 minutes .

dough : butter a 4 quart bowl . stir salt into bread mixture . stir in
enough of remaining flour with a wooden spoon until dough forms a
ball . turn dough out onto a well-floured surface . knead until smooth
and elastic , about 8-10 minutes , adding enough of remaining flour to
keep dough from sticking . place dough in buttered bowl , turning once
to butter surface .

cover and let rise in a warm place until double , about 45 minutes .
punch dough down . divide dough in half . sprinkle board generously
with cornmeal . turn dough out on board . sprinkle cornmeal over top of
dough . gently roll half the dough at a time 1/2 '' thick . cut with a
floured biscuit cutter into 3 '' rounds . repeat with remaining half of
dough . knead , reroll , and cut dough scraps once , if desired . arrange
dough rounds on ungreased baking sheets 2 '' apart .

cover and let rise in a warm place until double , about 30 minutes .
heat a lightly oiled , nonstick griddle or skillet over medium-high
heat . lift some of the dough rounds with a spatula onto griddle . cook
for 2 minutes on each side . reduce heat to medium . cook , turning
every few minutes , 13-18 minutes until done in center . cool on racks .
repeat cooking remaining muffins . split muffins in half crosswise
with the tines of a fork .

source : victoria magazine , january 1994 submitted by
wa6awd @ wolfenet.com ( alan burgstahler ) on 19 dec 1995 105905 -0700

yield : 10 muffins




whole wheat ( graham ) bread

breads

1 yeast cak
1 1/2 cup lukewarm water
2 cup flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup brown sugar
3 tablespoon shortening
4 cup wheat flour

soften yeast in the lukewarm water . add 2 cups flour , sugar , and
salt ; beat until smooth . let rise until bubbly . combine remaining
water , brown sugar , and shortening . heat until shor- tening melts .
cool , add to yeast mix . add wheat flour . mix until smooth .
knead 10 minutes . place in a greased bowl , let rise 1
1/2 hours .

*the remaining directions were implied with the word `` etc '' . i assume
the dough would be punched down , allowed to rest , formed into loaves ,
and placed in greased loaf pans before allowing to rise the final
time prior to baking . i included this one because there is an
underlined statement at the bottom of the card : `` i have made many
times . old standby . ''

yield : 1 servings




mary 's garlic bread

breads

1 cup butter , softened
1 cup parmesan cheese , grated
1/2 cup mayonnaise
5 garlic cloves , minced or pressed
3 tablespoon parsley ( fresh ) , chopped
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1 loaf french bread ( baguette ) , cut l ; engthwise

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. mix all ingredients except the bread
together in a bowl . spread the mixture onto the french bread . wrap bread in
aluminum foil . bake for 20 minutes . unwrap and place under broiler to
brown .

notes :

* addictive and fattening garlic bread -- this recipe is from `` the garlic
lover 's cookbook , '' which is a must for all folks interested in keeping
vampires away .

* we never finish the last step . by the time we have the stuff unwrapped ,
we just have to eat it !

: difficulty : easy .
: time : preparation : 10 minutes , cooking : 25 minutes .
: precision : no need to measure .

: sharon badian
: at & t information systems , holmdel , new jersey
: ihnp4 ! mtgzy ! seb

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 6 servings




orange scones with raspberry filling

breads , desserts

3 1/4 cup flour
1/4 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon butter or margarine
3 eggs , beaten
1/2 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon grated orange peel
3 tablespoon raspberry preserves

icing sugar

yield : 16 scones preparation time : 20 minutes baking : 14 minutes heat
oven to 425 degrees f .

mix flour , sugar , baking powder and salt ; cut in margarine until
mixture resembles coarse crumbs . beat eggs , cream and orange peel .
add to flour mixture , mixing just until moistened . shape dough into a
ball . knead 10 times on lightly floured surface . divide in half . roll
out each half into a 12x6-inch rectangle . spread 1 rectangle with
preserves . top with remaining rectangle . cut into 8 ( 3-inch ) squares ;
cut each in half diagonally . place on lightly greased cookie sheet .
bake 12 to 14 minutes or until lightly browned . sprinkle with icing
sugar .

yield : 6 servings




mrs. humphries scones

breads

1 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon butter or margarine
1/2 cup raisins ( plumped in milk , and drain ; ed , if you have time )
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract

from the king arthur flour 200 th anniversary cookbook . mrs .
humphries was an elderly english woman who lived in a little pink
house . her scones are rich and delicious .

less than 1/4 cup milk sugar to sprinkle on tops , ( optional )

preheat your oven to 425f . combine the flour , sugar , and baking
powder . rub in the butter or margarine with your fingertips . add the
raisins , egg , and lemon extract . `` mush it up and add just enough milk
to make it saft , but not too sticky : were mrs. humphries original
directions . drop big tbsp of the batter onto a greased cookie sheet .
sprinkle the top with sugar if you want a sweet finished scone . bake
for 12-15 minutes , depending on size . makes 8-10 scones .

origin : cookbook digest mar/apr 93 shared by : sharon stevens .

yield : 8 servings




flame-toasted whole-wheat tortillas

breads , vegetarian

6 whole-wheat tortillas - butter ( opt ; ional )
1 flavored oil -or- melted

keywords : breads , vegetarian , vegan , lacto , southwest

if you have n't tried flame-toasted wheat tortillas you 're in for a
treat . like toast they can be topped in endless ways .

place a tortilla directly over a medium high gas flame , or place on a
cookie rack set over an electric burner . toast until surface becomes
lightly flecked with char , about 10 to 20 seconds , and tortilla
begins to fill with steam . turn over and toast the other side . a
perfect tortilla will fill with steam and puff up if it has no tears
or holes .

if desired , brush tortilla with oil or butter . place in a towel-lined
basket while toasting the remaining pieces . serve piping hot .

serves 6

source : vegetarian times , april 1993

shared by : norman r. brown

yield : 6 servings




raw apple cookies

breads , cookies

1 lb butter or margarine*
1 1/2 cup dark brown sugar
1 1/2 cup granulated sugar
6 eggs ( large )
1 tablespoon vanilla
4 cup peeled , diced apples**
1 cup raisins or chopped walnuts
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cloves
6 cup all purpose flour +/- 1 cup

note : this recipe is for a double batch . these cookies are so good one
batch is never enough so i always make a double batch .

* be sure to use regular margarine and not a spread . ** any kind of
apples can be used .

preheat oven to 350 degrees . spray cookie sheets with pam or baker 's
secret or lightly grease . cream butter or margarine and sugars . add
eggs , beating well after each addition . add vanilla . stir in baking
soda , cinnamon , ground ginger and cloves . stir in apples , nuts and
raisins ( if desired ) . add the flour and mix well .

i start with 6 cups of flour and according to the humidity level that
day , i add up to an additional cup of flour . drop by teaspoonful onto
lightly greased cookie sheets . bake at 350 degrees for 10-12 minutes
or until lightly browned .

yield : 1 servings




oatmeal bran bread

breads , diabetic

1 cup oatmeal
2 cup water
1/4 cup light or dark molasses
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pk active dry yeast ( 1 tbsp )
1/2 cup warm water ( 110-115 f )
1 cup bran
1/4 cup soy flour
1/2 cup wheat germ
3 cup whole wheat flour

cook the oatmeal according to directions in 2 c water . add the
molasses oil and salt . cool to lukewarm . dissolve the yeast in the
warm water and add to the oatmeal mixture . stir in the bran , soy
flour , and wheat germ . beat in the whole wheat flour , adding a little
at a time , until the dough is stiff . knead the dough on a floured
surface until itis smooth and elastic . cover with a damp towl and
let rise in a warm place in a lightly oiled bowl until doubles in
bulk . punch down and knead again until smooth and elastic . divide the
dough into two loaves . shape and put into lightly oiled bread pans .
let rise until doubled . bake in a 375 degree oven about 40 minutes ,
or until brown and sounds hollow when tapped on top . remove from pan
immediately and cool on wire rack . food energy per slice ( 1/15 of 1
loaf ) : 79 calories .

yield : 2 servings




pepper & bread salad

breads , salads , vegetables

1 sweet red pepper
2 cup bread cubes , packed ( see note )
2 1/2 tablespoon capers
1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves , minced
1 green onion , minced both white and ; green parts
1 celery stalk , trimmed and diced
2 1/2 tablespoon olive oil
2 teaspoon sherry vinegar
1 teaspoon prepared dijon mustard
1 freshly ground pepper

spear pepper with fork and hold over open flame until it blisters all
over . place in plastic bag and set aside until skin loosens , about 30
minutes . meanwhile , place bread cubes in colander and hold under cold
water to dampen . squeeze bread dry . place in salad bowl . add
capers , thyme , green onion and celery . using sharp paring knife , peel
skin off pepper . core and dice into half-inch pieces . add to bread
salad . stir together oil , vinegar , mustard and pepper to taste in
small cup . pour over salad and toss well . note : a good quality ,
crusty french bread is essential for this salad . it should be at
least one day old . if still soft , place bread cubes on baking sheet
and toast at 350 degrees for 5 to 10 minutes .

yield : 2 servings




loukoumathes

breads , desserts , greek

30 gm compressed yeast ; -=or=- active dry yeast
1 cup milk ; lukewarm
1 tablespoon caster sugar
1 egg ; beaten
1/4 cup butter ; melted
2 cup plain flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 honey ; warm
1 ground cinnamon

dissolve yeast in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm milk . add remaining
milk , sugar , egg and lukewarm melted butter .

sift flour and salt into a warm bowl and gradually stir in mixed
liquids . beat until smooth and continue beating for 1 minute . cover
with folded cloth and leave in a warm place for 1-1/2 hours until
batter doubles in bulk with bubbles on the surface .

stir well then drop teaspoonfuls into deep , hot oil ( 190c or 375f )
~ do 4 to 5 at a time . turn puffs to brown evenly and remove with a
slotted spoon ( each puff takes about a minute to cook . )

drain on absorbent paper and pile on to a plate . drizzle each layer
with warm honey and sprinkle with cinnamon . serve hot .

source : the greek cookbook - by tess mallos ( isbn : 1 86302 015 2 )
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 50 servings




easy graham peanut butter bread

breads , peanut butter

3 cup graham flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup sugar
1 egg
1 1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup peanut butter

mix the dry ingredients . add the rest of the ingredients . mix well .
pour into a greased loaf pan . bake at 350 f. for 40 to 45 minutes .

yield : 18 servings




how to set buckwheat

breads

1 x no ingredients

in the evening take 1 qt . lukewarm water ; put in crock ; add 1 c .
sweet milk and a little salt . add 1 c. witch yeast or 1 cake yeast
which has been soaked . thicken with buckwheat flour , including 1/2 c .
wheat flour . in the morning stir in a little soda and 1/2 tin cup
buttermilk . that evening add sufficient water to make desired amount ;
thicken and let stand over night . next morning thin as before . these
are very good cakes .

source : mrs. pearl temple , jefferson grange , knox county , oh

yield : 1 servings




herb & cheese loaf

breads

1 1/2 teaspoon rapid rise yeast
2 cup bread flour
1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 1/2 tablespoon dry milk
1 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon italian herb seasoning
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup lukewarm water

bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery , in
order . set `` baking control '' at 10 o'clock . select `` white bread '' and
push start .

measure ingredients exactly . select regular or rapid bake cycle . do
not use delayed cycle for this recipe .

in hot & humid weather , use 1/8 c less water .

from : waco tribune herald posted by : sylvia steiger ( the.steigers ) -
genie reposted by : debbie carlson - cooking echo

yield : 6 servings




white bread recipe

breads

6 1/2 to 7 cups all-purpose flour
2 pkg instant dry yeast
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 1/4 cup water
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon shortening

a white bread recipe that 's worth a blue ribbon !

oven 400 in large mixer bowl , combine 3 cups flour , yeast , sugar and
salt ; mix well . in saucepan , heat water , milk and shortening until
warm ( 120-130 degrees ) ; shortening does not need to melt . add to
flour mixture . blend at low speed until moistened ; beat 3 minutes at
medium speed . by hand , gradually stir in enough ramaining flour to
make a firm dough . knead on floured surface until smooth and elastic ,
5 to 8 minutes . place in greased bowl , turning to grease top . cover ;
allow to rise in warm place until light and doubled , about 1 hour .

punch down dough . divide into 12 parts . on lightly floured surface
roll or pat each half to a 14 x 7 inch rectangle . starting with
shorter side , roll up tightly , pressing dough into roll with each
turn . pinch edges and ends to seal . place in greased 9 x 5 or 8 x 4
inch bread pans . cover ; allow to rise in warm place until double ,
about 30 minutes . bake at 400 degrees for 35 to 40 minutes until
golden brown . remove from pans and you know the rest !

yield : 6 servings




sourdough pancakes # 2

breads

1 cup active starter
1 each large egg
2 tablespoon cooking oil
1/4 cup instant or evaporate milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoon sugar

mix ingredients together and let the mixture bubble and foam a minute
or two , then drop on hot griddle in large spoonfuls .

yield : 4 servings




hearty cornbread

breads , quick bread

1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 tablespoon fresh basil leaves ; minced or
2 teaspoon dried basil leaves
4 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 can cream-style corn ( 17-oz )
1 cup sour cream
2 garlic cloves
1 onion ; finely chopped
1 1/2 cup grated mozzarella ( 6 oz )
1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes in oil slivered

preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. oil a 10-inch cast iron skillet
and place in the oven to preheat . in a large bowl , mix together the
cornmeal , baking soda , pepper and basil .

in another bowl , mix together the butter , eggs , corn , sour cream ,
garlic , onion , mozarella , and tomatoes .

make a well in the center of the cornmeal mixture . pour in the egg
mixture . stir just enough to combine . pour the batter into the
preheated skillet . bake for 50-60 minutes , until the bread is golden
and fairly firm , but not hard . serve warm . source : sun-dried
tomatoes cookbook .

shared and mm by judi m. phelps - the san jose kid . gourmet cooking
echo , 11/93 .

yield : 8 servings




soft peanut butter cookies & peanut blossoms

biscuits

14 oz can sweetened condensed milk
3/4 cup peanut butter
2 cup biscuit baking mix
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 granulated sugar

preheat oven to 375 . in large mixer bowl , beat sweetened condensed
milk and peanut butter until smooth . add biscuit mix and vanilla ; mix
well . shape in to 1-inch balls . roll in sugar . place 2 inches apart
on ungreased baking sheet . flatten with fork . bake 6 to 8 minutes or
until lightly browned ( do not overbake ) . cool . store tightly covered
at room temperature . makes about 5 dozen .

i make the variation they call peanut blossoms .

shape as above ; do not flatten . bake as above . press milk chocolate
candy kiss ( unwrapped ) in center of each ball immediately after
baking .

be sure to have the kisses unwrapped by the time the cookies are done
baking . press the kiss well in to the cookie so it stays better . the
cookie will spread out as you press , leaving cracks and gaps along
the outside edge .

from : gail oxton < oxton @ adrs1.dseg.ti.com >

yield : 1 servings




multi-grain bran bread

breads

1/2 cup warm water ( 105 to 115f )
3 pkg active dry yeast
4 cup warm water
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup unprocessed wheat bran
1 cup untoasted wheat germ
1 cup oatmeal
1 cup rye flour
4 cup unbleached white flour
4 cup whole wheat flour
2 tablespoon salt
6 tablespoon oil
3/4 cup honey

servings : 4

sprinkle yeast over the 1/2 c warm water and let dissolve . combine the
yeast with the warm water , sugar , wheat bran , wheat germ , oatmeal , rye
flour , 2 c unbleached flour , salt , oil and honey and beat well to
make a sponge . let rise until bubbly , about 30 minutes . add whole
wheat flour and remaining 2 c unbleached white flour to make a stiff
dough and knead till smooth . cover , let rise till doubled in bulk .
punch down . form into loaves or rolls . let rise again till double .
bake at 350 degrees f. for 45 minutes to one hour . makes 4 loaves .

yield : 4 servings




fadge ( potato bread )

breads , irish

2 lb unpeeled old potatoes
1 egg , beaten
1/2 stick butter
3 tablespoon flour
1 1/2 tablespoon chopped parsley
1 1/2 tablespoon chopped chives
1 1/2 tablespoon chopped lemon thyme ( these three mi ; xed , opt )
1 creamy milk
1 salt
1 freshly ground pepper
1 seasoned flour
1 bacon fat or butter for frying

( from `` the festive food of ireland '' by darina allen . roberts
rhinehart ; $ 12.95 )

boil the potatoes in their jackets , pull off the skins and mash
straight away .

add the egg , butter , flour and herbs ( if using ) and mix well . season
with plenty of salt and pepper , adding a few drops of creamy milk if
the mixture is too stiff .

shape into a 1 '' round and then cut into eight pieces . dip in seasoned
flour .

bake on a griddle over an open fire or fry in bacon fat or melted
butter on a gentle heat . cook the fadge until crusty and golden on
one side , then flip over and cook on the other side ( about 4-5
minutes on each side ) .

serve on its own on hot plates with a blob of butter melting on top .

yield : 1 servings




basil & sage bread

breads

-- -- patti vdrj67a -- --
1 yeast ; dry ; envelope
1 cup water ; warm ( 105-115~ )
5 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/4 cup olive oil
4 teaspoon basil ; crumbled dried
1/4 teaspoon sage ; crumbled dried
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper ; freshly ground
1/2 cup water ; warm ( 105-115~ )

( makes 2 baguettes . ) sprinkle yeast over 1 cup water in bowl of
heavy-duty electric mixer ; stir to dissolve . let stand 5 minutes .
thoroughly mix in 1 1/2 cups flour . sprinkle 1/2 cup flour over
dough . cover with towel . let rise in warm draft-free area until
doubled , about 1 1/2 hours . heat oil in heavy small skillet over low
heat . add basil and sage and stir until aromatic , about 1 minute .
cool . blend 1 cup flour , oil mixture , wine , salt and pepper into
dough , using dough hook . slowly add remaining 1/2 cup water . stir in
2 1/2 cups flour 1/2 cup at a time . knead dough in mixer until smooth
and resilient , about 10 minutes , adding more all purpose flour if
sticky . grease large bowl . add dough , turning to coat entire surface .
cover bowl . let dough rise in warm draft-free area until doubled ,
about 1 1/4 hours . grease two baking sheets . punch dough down . divide
in half . form each piece into 14-inch-long loaf . place on prepared
sheets , seam side down . let rise in warm draft-free area until almost
doubled , about 1 hour . preheat oven to 400~ . slash tops of loaves
with sharp knife . bake until breads sound hollow when tapped on
bottom , about 50 minutes . cool on wire racks before serving .

yield : 1 servings




zucchini bread 3

breads

2 cup grated zucchini
3 eggs , beaten
1 cup oil
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup raisins
1 cup chopped walnuts

mix well . bake at 350 for 40-45 mins in a 9x13 greased pan .

good luck ! ellen

yield : 1 servings




non / flat onion breads ( central asia )

breads , dumplings

6 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 cup onions -- finely chopped
3/4 cup water -- lukewarm
1 teaspoon salt
3 cup all-purpose flour

melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a heavy 10 to 12 inch skillet set
over high heat . add the onions , reduce the heat to low and , stirring
occasionally , cook 3 to 5 minutes , or until the onions are soft but
not brown . transfer them to a bowl and cool to room temperature .

melt the remaining butter in the skillet and pour it into a large
bowl . add the lukewarm ( 110 - 115 f ) water and , with a large spoon ,
stir in the chopped onions , salt and 2 1/2 cups of flour , 1/2 cup at
a time . if necessary , beat in as much of the remaining 1/2 cup of the
flour as you need to make a dough that does not stick to your
fingers . gather the dough into a large , compact ball and divide it
into 16 pieces . with the palms of your hands , shape each piece of
dough into a 1 1/2 to 2 inch ball . then , with a lightly floured
rolling pin , roll out the balls one at a time into circles that are
about 8 inches in diameter . set the rounds of dough aside .

set a heavy 10- to 12-inch ungreased pan over high heat . when it is
hot enough for a drop of water flicked across its surface to instantly
evaporate , place one round of dough in the center . brown for 3 or 4
minutes on each side , turning it over with your fingers or a wide
spatula ; do not be concerned if the bread does not brown evenly .

transfer the bread to a rack to dry and proceed to fry and dry the
remaining dough similarly . serve the bread in a basket or other
porous container . if for any reason the bread becomes limp after a
day or so , place the rounds in a single layer on a cookie sheet and
bake them for 5 to 10 minutes in a preheated 250f oven until they
freshen .

recipe by : time-life foods of the world - russian cooking

yield : 16 servings




easy english muffins

breads

-- -- kay burger xwsf96a -- --
1/2 cup shortening
4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
2 cup boiling water
2 pkg active yeast
5 cup flour

put shortening , salt and sugar in large bowl . pour boiling water
over all and stir until shortening melts . let cool to lukewarm .
sprinkle yeast over this ; stir to dissolve ; let stand until mixture
begins to bubble . add flour and beat .
roll out on floured board to about 3/8-inch thickness . cut with
round cutter , i use clean , empty tuna can . sprinkle cookie sheets
with cornmeal . set muffins on these , fairly far apart . let rise to
double in bulk . set griddle or electric frypan to 350~ . sprinkle with
cornmeal . put muffins , rounded side down , on griddle and bake 7
minutes . turn and bake 7 minutes on the other side . split with fork ,
and toast or spread with butter and put under broiler until butter
bubbles .
these muffins freeze successfully . they should be split with fork
before freezing . the recipe may be doubled when preparing muffins for
the freezer . when i make these , i make 5 or 6 recipes ! ! ! !

they are even better than wolfermans ! ! ! i could eat these till i
pop ! ! ! ! yum !

yield : 1 servings




tomato brushetta , lo cal

appetizers , breads , low cal

8 each slices fr or italian bread
2 each garlic cloves , halved
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 tablespoon onion , minced
1 each tomato , diced
1 pinch oregano , dried
1 pinch ground pepper
2 teaspoon parmesan cheese , optional

toast bread . rub one side of hot toast with cut side of garlic . heat
oil in nonstick skillet over medium-high heat ; add onion and cook ,
stirring until tender . add tomato , oregano and pepper , stir . spoon
tomato mixture over garlic side of hot toast and serve immediately .
alternatively , sprinkle with parmesan and broil for 1 minute .
per serving ( 2 slices ) : 105 cal ; 2 g fat ; 1 mg cholesterol ; 190 mg
salt .

yield : 4 servings




herman sourdough starter

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
2 cup milk
1 cup sugar
1/3 cup warm water ( 115-120degrees )
2 pkg dry yeast

sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the sugar over the warm water . sprinkle
yeast over this and let stand in warm place to double in size ,
approximately 10 minutes .

mix milk , sugar , flour and yeast mixture in a plastic or glass
container , about the size of a 5 quart ice cream bucket .

stir , using only a wooden spoon as metal objects retard herman 's
natural growth . cover loosely with a clean cloth or place glass
plate over top of container so herman can breathe .

herman doubles , even triples at times of vigorous rising . place
herman in a warm place overnight . ( on top of refrigerator or in oven
with only the pilot light or electric oven light on . ) next day
refrigerate , loosely covered , and try to stir each day . yeast-type
mold may begin to form on the surface after 48 hours if you do n't
stir daily . on the fifth day , measure out 1 cup of herman to bake
with ( you can measure out more but you must have at least 1 cup of
herman left ) . then feed the herman you have left :
1 c all-purpose white flour ; 1 c milk ; 1/2 c sugar

stir well ! keep in refrigerator in the same large container , loosely
covered . stir every day . we have been away on vacation weekends
with no stirring and herman survived quite nicely . for longer
vacations , remember he freezes well !

on the tenth day , if you wish , measure out enough to bake another
recipe and start the process of feeding him once again . feed herman :

2 c all-purpose flour ; 2 cups milk ; 1 cup sugar

after the tenth day we start using herman almost daily , or as
desired , as we make most of our bread , cake and pancakes from herman .
as long as we remember to feed him approximately every 5 days he
survives very well . feed on days divisible by five-five , ten ,
fifteen , twenty , twenty-five , and thirty . you will never again
forget when to feed herman . if it 's a 5-day , feed herman !

if you are not using herman often , just add a tablespoon of sugar to
herman every fifth day and continue as long as forever ! ! herman is
such a sweetheart ( a sweet sourdough ) ! !

yield : 1 servings




italian anise bread

breads

-- -- bread -- --
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 cup flour , sifted
2 teaspoon anise seeds
1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup butter or margarine
1/3 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 egg , slightly beaten
1 teaspoon shredded lemon peel
2 tablespoon lemon juice
-- -- frosting -- --
3/4 cup confectioners sugar , sifted
1 tablespoon light cream
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
1 dash salt

> > > > > bread < < < < <

in a large mixing bowl combine the yeast , 1/ cup of flour and anise
seeds . heat milk , butter , sugar and salt in a sauce pan until just
warm . stir to melt . add heated liquid to flour mixture . add egg ,
lemon peel and juice on low speed for / minute , scraping sides
constantly . beat 3 minutes on high speed . stir in remaining flour by
hand to make a soft dough . knead 8-10 minutes on a floured board
until smooth and elastic . place in a lightly greased bowl . turn once
to grease , over and let rise in a warm place 1/-2 hours . punch down
and let rest 10 minutes . shape into a round loaf , cover and let rise
until double ( about 45 minutes ) in a greased pan . bake 35-40 minutes
in a preheated 375of oven until done .

> > > > > frosting < < < < <

stir all ingredients together until smooth and spread on the warm
cake .

source : `` the yankee kitchen '' 04-02-93 ( # 3 ) [ adaline ]

yield : 1 servings




muffins

breads

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup milk
1 egg
1 cup raisins or chopped berries =or=- ot ; her fruit

preheat oven to 350f . mix flour , baking powder , salt and sugar
together . beat in the milk and egg until smooth . mix in the fruit .
place in buttered and floured muffin tins and bake for 25 minutes .

yield : 20 servings




dhoodhi peel dosa

breads , vegetables , breakfast , indian , bakery

250 gm rice
1/2 cup doodhi ( zucchini ) peel - very finel ; y sliced
2 tablespoon sour buttermilk*
1 cup coconut milk
1 salt to taste
4 each green chiles
1 each 1 piece of ginger
1 small bunch of cilantro leaves

soak the rice in water overnight . drain . grind rice until it forms a
thick , smooth paste . transfer to a bowl .

finely slice chillies , ginger and coriander leaves . add to rice
mixture along with buttermilk , coconut milk and salt . mix thoroughly
to form batter .

for each dosa , cook 2 tablespoons batter on hot greased skillet or
griddle , spreading batter into thin circles and turning dosa once to
brown both sides . serve hot with chutney , if desired .

*mark 's note : a vegetarian buttermilk can be made by adding 1 ts lemon
juice to 2 tb soymilk .

adapted by karen mintzias from `` tasty dishes from waste items '' by
aroona reejhsinghani

yield : 1 batch




cuban bread

breads , ethnic

-- -- elaine tait -- --
-- -- philly.inquirer -- --
5 cup to 6 cups bread flour aprox .
2 pkg dry yeast
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 cup hot water,120 to 130 degs .
1 corn meal
1 water

sprinkle the cornmeal on a non stick baking sheet . place 4 cups of
flour in large mixing bowl , add yeast , salt , and sugar.stir until all
are well blended.pour in the hot water and beat 100 strong strokes or
three minutes with mixer dough hook . gradually work enough of the
remaining flour , using fingers if necessary,1/2 cup at a time , that the
dough takes shape an no longer sticky . sprinkle work surface with
some of the remaining flour.place dough on work surface , working in
flour as you knead . keep a dusting of flour between dough and working
surface.knead for 8 minutes by hand or with dough hook of mixer until
it feels alive under your hands . place dough in a greased bowl.cover
with plastic wrap and put in a warm place,80 to 100 degs , until double
in bulk , about 15 minutes . punch down dough , turn it out on work
surface , cut into 2 pieces.shape each piece into a round.place on non
stick baking sheet sprinkled with corn meal.with a sharpe knife or
razor slash an x on each loaf : brush with water . place baking sheets
on middle shelf of cold oven.place a large pan of hot water on shelf
below.heat oven to 400 deg.after 1/2 hour reduce oven to 375 deg.the
bread will continue to rise while oven is heating.bake for a total of
45 minutes . ( timing starts when you turn on the oven . ) loaves should
sound hollow when baked.cool before slicing.bread will not keepbeyond
a day or two , but freezes well and makes excellent toast when old ... ...

yield : 1 servings




kouloures ( easter bread )

breads , holiday , greek

1 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup boiling water
1 teaspoon cinnamon ; ground
3/4 cup sugar
3 eggs
1/4 cup butter ; melted
1/2 cup warm milk
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
5 cup flour ( all-purpose )
1 egg yolk ; beaten
1 sesame seeds
5 eggs ; hard-cooked ; unshelled an

soften yeast in warm water and set aside . combine
boiling water and cinnamon ; set aside . combine sugar
and eggs ; beat well . add melted butter to egg mixture
and beat again . skim off 1/4 cup clear cinnamon water
and add along with yeast and milk to egg mixture ,
blending well .

combine dry ingredients and add to batter ; knead dough
until smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . shape
dough to fit into 2 greased 8 inch round pans ;
crisscross 2 strips of dough over each loaf .

cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in
bulk .

brush loaves with beaten egg yolk and sprinkle with
sesame seeds . bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or
until brown . push dyed eggs into bread immediately
when loaves are removed from oven .

source : southern living magazine , sometime in the
early 1970s . typed for you by nancy coleman .

yield : 2 loaves




raisin bran muffins

breads , diabetic

1 15-ox box raisin bran
5 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup brown sugar
5 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon pumpkin spice
2 teaspoon salt
4 eggs ; beaten
1 cup melted shortening or margarine or
1 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 quart buttermilk

mix al ingredients thoroughly . store in refrigerator in tightly
sealed jar . bake as needed in lightly greased muffin pan for 20- 30
minutes at 425 degrees .

nutritional info per serving : 88 cal ; 2g pro , 15g carb , 3g fat ( 26 % )
exchanges : 1 bread , .5 fat

formatted 3/24/96 by lisa crawford

yield : 8 dozen




baking powder biscuits ( crocker )

breads

1/2 cup shortening
2 cup all-purpose flour*
1 tablespoon sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup milk

heat oven to 450f . cut shortening into flour , sugar , baking powder
and salt with pastry blender until mixture resemble fine crumbs . stir
in milk until dough leaves side of bowl ( dough will be soft and
sticky ) .

turn dough onto lightly floured surface . knead lightly ) times . roll
or pat 1/2 inch thick . cut with floured 2 1/2-inch round cutter .
place on ungreased cookie sheet about 1 inch apart for crusty sides ,
touching ' for soft sides . bake until golden brown , 10 to 12 minutes .
immediately remove from cookie sheet . 1 dozen biscuits ; 155 calories
per biscuit .

blue cheese biscuits : add 3 tb crumbled blue cheese and 1/2 ts italian
seasoning with the flour .

buttermilk biscuits : decrease baking powder to 2 teaspoons and add
1/4 ts baking soda with the salt . substitute buttermilk for the milk .
( if buttermilk is thick , it may be necessary to add slightly more
than 3/c cup . )

cornmeal biscuits : substitute 1/2 cup cornmeal for 1/2 cup of the
flour . sprinkle cornmeal over biscuits before baking .

drop biscuits : increase milk to 1 cup . drop dough by spoonfuls onto
greased cookie sheet .

herb biscuits : add 3/g ts dried dill weed or rosemary leaves ,
crushed , with the salt .

*if using self rising flour , omit baking powder and salt .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 12 biscuits




irish soda bread with herbs

breads , quick bread

1 from : the trellis cookbook
4 cup plus 1 tbsp bread flour
1 tablespoon fresh dill ; chopped
1 tablespoon fresh tarragon ; chopped
1 tablespoon fresh thyme ; chopped
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon ; water
1 variations :
1 scallion soda bread :
1/4 cup scallions ; thinly sliced , instead of
1 raisin soda bread :
1/3 cup raisins ; instead of herbs
1 caraway seed soda bread
2 tablespoon caraway seeds ; instead of herbs

preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. in the bowl of an electric mixer
fitted with a paddle , combine 4 cups flour , the chopped herbs , baking
powder , salt , and baking soda ( breaking up any lumps ) . mix on low
speed for 2 minutes . place the buttermilk and vegetable oil in a
stainless steel bowl and whisk gently to combine . gradually add the
buttermilk mixture to the combined dry ingredients while mixing on
low speed and continue to mix until the dough forms a ball , 30 to 40
seconds . scrape the dough away from the paddle and turn the dough
ball over . mix on low speed for an additional 30 seconds .

flour a clean , dry surface with the remaining tbsp flour . transfer the
dough ball to the floured surface and knead with the heels of your
hands until smooth . form the dough into a round loaf . pinch a small
handful of dough and gently twist , being careful not to tear the
dough from the loaf . place the loaf , pinched side down , on a baking
sheet lined with parchment paper .

whisk the egg yolk with 1 tbsp water , then lightly brush the mixture
over the top of the loaf . score the loaf by cutting a 1/4 '' deep `` x ''
into the top . bake the loaf in the preheated oven for 50 to 55
minutes . the bread is done if a hollow sound is heard when the bottom
is tapped with your finger . allow the bread to cool to room temp
before slicing .

notes - the dough must be kneaded vigorously by hand ; this should take
about 2 minutes . pinching and twisting the loaf to form a base will
give the finished bread a tighter and taller shape . this procedure is
not necessary ; however , the finished loaf will be much flatter if the
base is not pinched and twisted as suggested . rather than using dried
herbs , if fresh herbs are not available , use an equivalent amount of
chopped spinach . author - marcel desaulniers

from the mm database of judi m. phelps . jphelps @ shell.portal.com or
jphelps @ best.com

yield : 1 round loaf




double corn bread ( ovo lacto )

breads , low fat

6 oz yellow corn meal ; ( 1 cup )
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup nonfat milk ; *
2 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 egg [ replacer or 2 whites ? ]
1 cup canned corn ; drained
2 teaspoon flour

we 've used both corn and corn meal for a double impact in this bread
that goes well with any meal . * add 4 t of lemon juice to milk to
make sour milk . preheat oven to 425 degrees . in a large bowl combine
corn meal , baking soda , baking powder and salt . in a blender
container combine , milk , honey , vanilla and egg . blend until smooth .
spray an 8 '' pan with nonstick cooking spray and place pan in oven to
preheat for 3 min . stir liquid mixture into dry ingredients . toss
corn with flour and stir into batter . place batter in preheated pan
and bake 20-22 minutes until firm and lightly browned . nutrition ( per
serving ) : 136 calories total fat 1 g ( 8 % of calories ) source : more
lean & luscious by bobbie hinman & millie snyder , page ( s ) : 335
:

d/l from prodigy 12-14-94 . recipe collection of sue smith . 1.80

yield : 8 servings




calcium rich : orange french toast with honey

breads , breakfast , eggs , low fat

1/4 cup plain yogurt , low fat
1 teaspoon liquid honey
1 egg
1/3 cup skim milk
1/2 teaspoon orange rind , grated
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
1 pinch salt
2 slice white or whole wheat bread
1/2 teaspoon margarine
1 ground nutmeg

in small bowl , combine yogurt and honey ; set aside .

in shallow bowl , beat together egg , milk , orange rind , vanilla and
salt . dip each bread slice into egg mixture , coating each side well .

in large nonstick skillet , melt margarine over medium heat ; cook
bread for 2 minutes per side or until golden brown .

sprinkle with nutmeg .

per serving : about 335 calories , 17 g protein , 10 g fat , 45 g
carbohydrate excellent source of calcium good source of iron source :
canadian living [ magazine ] nov 94 also appears in `` choice menus ''
macmillan canada , 1993 by marjorie hollands and margaret howard

[ -=pam=- ] pa_meadows @ msn.com

yield : 1 servings




cornmeal yeast bread

breads

-- -- dissolve -- --
2 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
-- -- combine in mixing bowl -- --
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter or margerine
-- -- pour over -- --
3/4 cup milk
-- -- cool to lukewarm , stir in -- --
1 large egg
1 cup white flour
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1 yeast mixture
-- -- beat well and stir in -- --
3 cup to 3 1/2 c flour

dissolve yeast in warm water . combine sugar , salt , margerine in mixing
bowl . pour milk into mixing bowl . stir in egg , flour , cornmeal , yeast
mixture . beat well . stir in enough addition flour to make soft dough .

turn dough onto lightly floured board and knead until satiny , about 10
minutes . place dough in greased bowl ; cover and let rise in warm
place until double in size -- about one hour . punch dough down . divide
in half and place in 2 greased 8 '' loaf pans . brush with melted
margerine . cover and let rise until nearly double , about 45 mins .
bake 350 for 30-45 mins or until golden brown .

**from more with less cookbook/mennonite

yield : 2 servings




herb crusted parmesan bread *

breads

-- -- patti vdrj67a -- --
1 lb loaf frozen bread dough
1 butter or margarine ; melted
1 flour
3 tablespoon parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon dried chevril leaves
1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds

brush frozen loaf with melted butter to prevent surface from drying .
cover and thaw at room temperature for 2-3 hours . cut dough into
thirds . on lightly floured surface , roll each portion into a long
strand . braid strands . coil braid into a spiral on greased baking
sheet . brush with more melted butter . sprinkle with cheese , chevril
and caraway seeds . let rise about 1 hour in warm place , until
doubled . bake at 375~ for 25-30 minutes or until golden brown . remove
from pan . cool on rack . variations : sprinkle bread with mix of 2 tbls
dried minced onions , 1 tsp dried rosemary and 1/2 tsp dried thyme and
1/2 tsp marjoram . a second variation is to mix 1/2 cup grated cheddar
cheese and 1-1/2 tbls poppy seeds into the dough before rolling the
strands . can really do almost anything you want with herbs and spices
and this bread .

yield : 1 servings




easy tea biscuits

breads

2 cup all purpose flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon shortening
1 cup milk

preheat oven to 400f . combine flour , baking powder , and salt in a
bowl . cut in shortening using a pastry blender , 2 knives or a fork
until mixture is crumbly . add milk . stir with fork just enough to
moisten dry ingredients . drop dough from a tablespoon onto ungreased
baking sheet . bake for 10-12 minutes til lightly browned .

yield : 6 servings




souper baked sandwich

breads , main dish , meats , cheese , hamburger

1 1/2 lb lean ground beef
1/4 cup onion ; chopped , 1 sm
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup celery ; chopped
4 cup herb stuffing cubes ; not mix
1 1/2 cup milk
2 each eggs ; lg
10 3/4 oz cream of mushroom soup ; 1 cn
1 teaspoon mustard ; dry
1 cup cheddar cheese ; shredded,4oz

heat the oven to 350 degrees f. cook and stir the meat , onion and
celery in a large skillet until the meat is brown . drain off the
excess fat . stir in the salt . arrange the stuffing cubes in a greased
baking pan , 9 x 9 x 2 or 11 3/4 x 7 1/2 x 1 3/4-inches and top with
the meat mixture . beat the milk , eggs , soup , and mustard together and
pour over the meat . then sprinkle with the cheese and bake uncovered
until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean , about 30 to 40
minutes . cool for 5 minutes and then cut into squares and serve .

yield : 6 servings




old country sourdough rye bread

breads

2 teaspoon dry yeast
1/3 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon honey
1 cup lukewarm water
3 tablespoon molasses
1 tablespoon oil
1/2 cup mashed potatoes
1 cup *onion starter
1 tablespoon caraway seed
1 tablespoon salt
2 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour
1/2 cup wheat germ
1 1/2 cup rye flour
2 tablespoon corn meal
1 egg , beaten
1 teaspoon caraway seeds

sprinkle yeast over 1/3 cup lukewarm water . add 1 tsp . honey . let
dissolve for five minutes . in a large mixing bowl , combine 1 cup
lukewarm water , molasses , oil , mashed potatoes and mix until smooth .
add yeast mixture , onion starter , caraway seeds and salt . mix until
well-blended . add whole-wheat flour , ( reserving 1/2 cup for
kneading ) , and wheat germ , mix well for about 5 minutes . let dough
rest for 10 minutes . add rye flour . knead on a board for about 10
minutes , using 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour , until dough is elastic , and
`` springy . '' place dough in an oiled bowl , turning it over to coat
surface with oil . cover , set bowl in hot water and leave to rise in a
warm place for 1 1/2 hours until doubled in bulk . stir down dough and
divide into two loaves . these can be shaped in rounds and placed on
an oiled cookie sheet which has been sprinkled with corn meal , or
they can be placed in oiled loaf pans . glaze tops with beaten egg and
sprinkle with caraway seeds . set to rise in an unheated oven for
approximately one hour . turn oven to 400 for 20 minutes , then turn
it down to 375 and bake for 30 minutes longer or until bread tests
done . ( for a crustier load , put a pan of hot water on oven floor
during the first 20 minutes when oven is at 400 . ) cool on rack before
serving .

*to make onion starter , add 1 small , peeled onion -- loosely wrapped in
cheesecloth , to fresh batch of basic sourdough starter mixture and
leave to sour at room temperature for at least three days . before
making old country rye bread , add a second cup of water and a second
cup of flour to the onion starter , leaving it at room temperature
overnight . 2 loaves .

from : the rodale cookbook shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




basic sourdough bread**

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
2 1/2 cup flour
2 cup warm water
3 3/4 to 4-1/4 c flour
3 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3 tablespoon vegetable oil

cold water

mix 1 st 3 ingreds . in 3 qt . glass bowl with wooden spoon until
smooth . cover ; let stand in warm , draft-free place for 8 hours . add
3-3/4 c flour , sugar , salt , baking soda and oil to the mixture in
bowl . stir with wooden spoon until smooth and flour is completely
absorbed . ( dough should be just firm enough to gather into a ball . if
necessary , add remaining 1/2 c flour gradually , stirring until all
flour is absorbed . ) turn dough onto heavily floured surface ; knead
until smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . place in greased bowl ;
turn greased side up . cover ; let rise in warm place until double ,
about 1-1/2 hours . ( dough is ready if indentation remains when
touched . ) punch dough down ; divide into halves . shape each half into
a round , slightly flat loaf . do not tear dough by pulling . place
loaves in opposite corners of greased cookie sheet . make three 1/4 ''
deep slashes in each loaf . let rise until double , about 45 minutes .
heat oven to 375 . brush loaves with cold water . place cookie sheet in
center of oven ; it should not touch the sides of the oven . bake ,
brushing occasionally with water , until loaves sound hollow when
tapped , about 50 minutes . remove from cookie sheets ; cool on wire
racks .

be sure to let dough rise completely both times - it might take
longer than the estimated times given .

from the cookie-lady 's files reformatted for mm : dianee 6/29/93

yield : 6 servings




jordan pond house popovers

breads

2 large eggs
1 cup whole milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup flour , all-purpose ( important ! sift ; before measuring ! ! )

preheat oven to 425 degrees f. beat the eggs at high speed with an
electric mixer for 3 minutes , or until the mixture turns lemon yellow . slow
the mixer to a crawl and dribble in about 1/2 cup of milk , taking about 20
seconds to pour it in .

into another bowl , sift the flour and measure 1 cup as exactly as you can ,
sift 100 g flour then add salt and baking soda and sift again . with the
mixer still running on its slowest speed , add the dry ingredients to the
eggs and milk . turn the mixer off and use a rubber spatula to make sure
that all of the flour has blended in with the liquid .

set the mixer to medium speed and dribble in the remaining milk . blend for
1 minute . turn the mixer to its highest speed and beat for 10 minutes ( or 5
minutes if you have a kitchen-aid style mixer that uses a wire whip for
beating ) . extra beating ca n't hurt .

filter the batter through a fine-mesh screen strainer to remove any lumps ,
then pour into well-buttered popover cups or custard cups . ( if you must use
a muffin tin , fill only the 4 corners . ) bake at 425 degrees f. for 15
minutes . without opening the oven , turn heat to 350 degrees f. and bake for
15 more minutes ( 20 minutes if your oven door has a window ) .

serve immediately , with fresh jam and room-temperature butter .

notes :

* popovers from the jordan pond teahouse -- in acadia national park , near
bar harbor maine , is jordan pond . a century ago the teahouse at jordan pond
was a gathering place where the aristocracy had tea and popovers with
strawberry jam each day at 4 o'clock .

the jordan pond tea house burned down in 1978 , but has been rebuilt . it now
serves people sporting clothes announcing `` mommy and daddy went to
naugatuck , and all they brought me was this crummy shirt , '' and who show up
in station wagons , but the popovers are the same that were served to the
idle rich of another era . yield : 2 large popovers .

* these popovers turn out significantly better if they are baked in
crockery custard cups rather than in metal or glass .

: difficulty : moderate .
: time : 15 minutes preparation , 30 minutes baking .
: precision : measure carefully .

: brian reid
: dec western research laboratory , palo alto ca
: reid @ decwrl.dec.com -or- { ihnp4 , ucbvax , decvax , sun , pyramid } ! decwrl ! reid

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 2 popovers




sour pumpernickel bread**

breads

1 cup sourdough starter
2 cup nonfat milk
2 tbl . blackstrap molasses
1/4 cup unsaturated oil
1 cup unbleached white flour
1 cup whole rye flour
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 second day prep :
1 tbl . salt
1 scant 1/2 tsp . baking soda
1/2 cup whole rye flour
1 1/2 cup to 2 c unbleached enriched white fl ; our
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1/4 cup cornmeal
1 the glaze : optional
1 single egg yolk
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon caraway seeds

yield : 3 loaves the texture of this loaf is medium-light making is
perfect for sandwiches and toasting . the overnight rise makes this
pumpernickel easier to knead than most rye recipes . hints : spray the
loaves with water to develop a good thick crust . rye flour can make
for a heavy bread , so do n't force in more of the white flour than
required to handle the dough . if you do n't want the shininess or the
caraway seeds of the glaze , that step can be omitted .

sour pumpernickel bread first day prep : make up the sponge by
combining in a large bowl all the first-day ingredients , mixing in
the flour 1 cup at a time until the mixture is wet and smooth . cover
with a wet towel and allow to stand overnight in a draft free place .
at least 12 hours later , stir the sponge down to its original size .
sprinkle the salt and soda over the surface , then stir in . stir in
the rye flour . pour 1 c. of the white flour over your kneading
boards , scrape the batter onto it , and knead the flour in . then knead
in the caraway seeds . this dough never completely stops sticking , so
you can expect to use another 1/2 c. of white flour to sprinkle the
board and your hands as you knead for another 5 min . to achieve a
dough that can just be handled . grease two baking sheets and sprinkle
them with white cornmeal . tap the sheets to spread the cornmeal
evenly . divide the dough into thirds and shape into three oblong
loaves . place two loaves on one sheet and one loaf on the other ,
leaving room between the loaves for spreading . with a sharp knife or
single-edge razor , slash each loaf diagonally with three slashes , 1/4
to 1/2-inch deep . cover the loaves with a dry linen dish towel and
put into a warm , draft-free place to rise for 2-3 hours . the loaves
will look well risen and the slashes will gape wide . gently , slash
again into the same slashes , but only 1/8 '' deep . spray the loaves
with water . starting in a cold oven set at 375^ , bake for 40 minutes .
after the loaves have been in the oven for 10 min. , pull forward and
spray them again with water . after 30 min. , apply the glaze : mix the
egg yolk and water together , brush thinly over the loaves with a
pastry brush , then quickly sprinkle with caraway seeds . after 40
min. , when the loaves are =almost= done , shut off the oven and allow
to sit in the closed oven for another 10 minutes . this avoids
scorching . cool on a wire rack and serve warm .

source : bake your own bread , f & s dworkin from the cookie-lady 's files
reformatted for mm : dianee 6/29/93 ~ -- --

yield : 6 servings




gingerbread waffles # 2

breads , breakfast

2/3 cup molasses
1/3 cup butter ; melted
2 egg yolks
1 cup buttermilk
2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup crystalized ginger ; chopped
2 egg whites ; beaten stiff

combine the molasses , butter and egg yolks and whisk with fork until
smooth . blend in the buttermilk .

sift together the flour , baking soda , baking powder , cinnamon , ginger ,
nutmeg and salt into a mixing bowl . stir in the crystalized ginger .
make a well in the center of the dry mixture and add the molasses
mixture , beating quickly until smooth . fold in the egg whites . if
the batter seems too thick , add a little more buttermilk . bake in
your waffle iron until a dark golden brown . makes 4 big , thick
waffles .

yield : 4 servings




fig square

breads , vegetarian

1 pkg ( or 1 tablespoon ) active dried yeas ; t
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 to 115 degrees )
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 cup milk , at room temperature
1 egg
1 teaspoon orange rind , grated
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup unbleached white flour
1 1/2 cup dried figs , snipped
1 cup water
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1 confectioners ' sugar ( optional )

soften the yeast in the warm water . combine the sugar , salt , oil ,
milk , egg and orange rind in a large bowl . beat well . add the yeast
mixture and the 1 cup of whole wheat flour . beat . add the remaining
flour . extra flour may be needed if the dough is sticky .

turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth , about 5
minutes . transfer to an oiled bowl , cover with a damp towel and let
rise for 1 hour .

meanwhile , prepare the fig filling by combining the figs , water and
allspice in a saucepan . bring to a boil , lower the heat and simmer
until the mixture is thick . mash the figs with a potato masher or
large spoon during cooking . cool .

punch down the dough . roll into a 1/2-inch thick rectangle 8 inches
wide . spread with the fig filling . roll up like a jelly roll . fit
into a lightly oiled 8-inch-square pan . seal the edges together . at
each corner cut with a scissors to fit into the shape of the pan .
make two slashes on top of each side . let rise until doubled , about
30 minutes . bake in a 350-degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes . cool .

may be sprinkled lightly with confectioners ' sugar just before
serving .

serves 16

one serving = calories : 136 carbohydrates : 26 protein : 3 fat : 3
sodium : 72 potassium : 164 cholesterol : 17

exchange value : 1 bread exchange + 1 fruit exchange +
1/2 fat exchange

source : holiday cookbook , american diabetes association , isbn
0-13-024894-0 , by betty wedman , m.s. , r.d .

yield : 16 servings




winter biscuits

breads , sourdough

2 cup starter
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
2 cup flour ; white
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

add milk , melted butter , salt and sugar to the starter and stir
briefly mix flour and baking soda together and add to the starter mix
briefly and briskly . drop with a spoon on a greased baking sheet .
bake in a preheated oven for 450 for 15 minutes or until lightly
browned . serve hot converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 12 servings




honey-apple pancakes

breads , breakfast , pancakes

1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon apple pie spice
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1 egg
3/4 cup apple juice
2 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon cooking oil

in a medium mixing bowl , stir flour , baking powder , salt , apple pie
spice , and baking soda . in a small mixing bowl , beat egg slightly ;
stir in apple juice , honey , and oil . add egg mixture all at once to
flour mixture ; stir until blended but still slightly lumpy . for each
pancake : onto a hot , lightly greased griddle or skillet , pour about
1/4 cup batter . cook 2 to 3 minutes or until pancakes have a bubbly
surface and slightly dry edges . turn and cook 2 to 3 minutes more or
until golden brown . makes 8 , 4-inch pancakes .

recipe : associated press

yield : 4 servings




frankfurter buns

breads

2 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar
2/3 cup lard
3 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup ; warm water , ( 115 deg . f . )
10 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
2 large eggs

scald the milk in a 1-quart saucepan , over medium heat . meanwhile
combine the sugar , lard and salt in a large mixing bowl and set
aside . pour the milk over the sugar mixture and cool to lukewarm .
sprinkle the yeast and 1 ts of sugar over the lukewarm water ,
stirring to dissolve . let stand for 10 minutes to proof , ( become
foamy ) . add the yeast mixture , 5 c of the flour , and the eggs to the
milk mixture . beat for 2 minutes , using an electric mixer set to
medium speed . gradually stir in enough of the remaining flour to make
a soft dough . note : the dough should be light and slightly sticky and
not heavy . this is very important because if you have to much flour
in the dough , the bread will not rise correctly . turn the dough out
and let rest while you wash , dry and lightly grease the mixing bowl .
knead the dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth and satiny ,
about 8 to 10 minutes . place the dough in the prepared bowl , turning
once to grease the top of the dough . cover and let rise in a warm
place until doubled , about 1 hour . punch the dough down and divide
into fourths . let the dough rest for 10 minutes . roll each fourth
into a 9 x 4-inch rectangle . cut into 9 ( 4 x 1-inch ) strips . roll
each strip to form a 5 1/2-inch cylinder . place on greased baking
sheets , about 3-inches apart , and flatten slightly with the palm of
your hand . cover and let rise until doubled , about 45 minutes . bake
in a preheated 350 degree f. oven for 18 minutes or until golden
brown . remove from the baking sheets and cool on racks . when cold to
the touch , wrap in foil until ready to use .

makes 36 buns

yield : 12 servings




bea 's blueberry gingerbread treat

breads , desserts

3/4 cup fresh/frozen blueberries
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter or margarine
1 egg
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 cup molasses
1/2 cup sour cream

preheat oven to 350 degrees . butter a 9-inch square baking pan . wash ,
drain , and dry berries or defrost frozen ones enough to separate .
toss in small amount of flour with blueberries and set aside .

cream butter , then add sugar and mix well . add egg and beat until
light-colored . combine molasses and sour cream and add to butter
mixture .

sift flour , soda , ginger , and salt together and add alternately with
molasses-sour cream to sugar mixture . mix only enouth to blend
ingredients . add blueberries , folding them in lightly . spoon batter
into pan . bake for 40 minutes or until cake pulls away from sides of
pan . serve warm with or without butter .

yield : 9 servings




flour city buns

breads , hamb . bun , minnesota

1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup margarine , softened
1 1/2 cup boiling water
2 eggs , well beaten
2 packages active dry yeast
1 cup warm water ( 105-115^f )
1 teaspoon salt
7 1/2 cup all-purpose flour

in large bowl , combine sugar and margarine . add boiling water and beat
well ; cool . stir in eggs . in separate bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water ;
add to batter . add salt and flour , 1 cup at a time , mixing well after each
addition . form dough into a ball and place in greased bowl , turning to
grease top . let rise in warm place until doubled . shape into rolls or buns
and let rise until doubled . heat oven to 350^f . bake 15 to 20 minutes .

makes about 24 hamburger-size buns

source : from minnesota ... ... more than a cookbook

from the cookie lady 's files ~end recipe export-

yield : 24 buns




ruth almans sourdough starter

breads

2 cup thick potato water
2 tablespoon sugar
2 cup flour ( more or less )
1/2 teaspoon yeast ( use yeast only to speed acti ; on )

dump above into sourdough pot .

boil potatoes with jackets on until they fall to pieces .

lift skins out , mash potatoes making a puree . cool . add more water
to make sufficient liquid , if necessary . richter the potatoe starter ,
richer the starter . put all ingredients in pot . beat until smooth
creamy batter . cover . set aside to start fermentation .

*my note after the starter has had about 3 days to get going good ,
put in refrigerator . take out what you need to make bread ,
pancakes ... put equal amount of flour and water in that you take
starter out . one teaspoon of this will make a phenomenal amount of
starter ... this is a killer sourdough .

yield : 6 servings




herman wheat'n'honey starter b/m

breads

1/2 cup honey ; or brown sugar
1/3 cup warm water
2 tablespoon yeast
2 cup milk
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup white flour ; or unbleached
1 tablespoon ginger
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup white flour ; or unbleached
1/4 cup honey ; or brown sugar 1/4 t

stir well . keep in refrigerator . sprinkle ginger and 1 t. honey or
brown sugar over warm water . sprinkle yeast over this and stir . let
stand in warm place to double in size , about 10 minutes . mix milk ,
rest of honey or brown sugar , flours & yeast mixture in a glass
container , about the size of a gallon pyrex jar . stir , using only a
wooden spoon , since metal objects will retard herman 's growth . leave
the cover on loosely or place a glass plate over the top of the
container so herman can breathe . herman doubles , even triples at time
of vigorous rising . place herman in a warm place overnight . next day
refrigerate , loosely covered , and stir each day . this is very
important with wheat'n'honey herman starter as more gases form in the
container and are released during stirring . formation of this gas may
cause the starter to appear darker on top before stirring each day ,
but this is ok. on the 5th day measure out 1 c. herman for baking and
another cup to give to a friend , if you wish , then feed the herman
you have left , thusly : see above from day 5 on you may bake with
herman any day you wish , always making sure you have one full cup
left for feeding . feed herman every five days . if you have a lot
left , feed him only 1 t. honey or brown sugar . if you have one cup or
a little more left , add the same ingredients as you did on the 5th
day . when you share a cup of herman with friends they should feed
herman the same way . from news & observer , raleigh , n.c. 10/17/90
from : deborah seckinger ( gdjf29b ) reformatted by elaine radis

yield : 15 servings




honey wheat berry bread for the zojirushi

breads

1 1/3 cup milk
1/4 cup honey
2 tablespoon shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground ginger
2 cup bread flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 cup cracked wheat
1 pkg active dry yeast

measure milk , honey , shortening , salt , ginger , bread flour , wheat
flour , and cracked wheat into baking pan . tap container firmly to
level out ingredients and sprinkle yeast in center . insert pan
securely into baking unit and close lid . select basic white bread
setting and light baking degree sewtting . press start . the complete
light will flash when bread is done . using hotpads , remove baking
pan from unit and pull out kneading rod . turn out onto cooling rack
and allow to cool before slicing .

yield : 1 loaf




cornmeal sally lunn

breads

2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
8 oz sour cream

combine cornmeal , baking soda and salt ; add buttermilk and sour cream ,
mixing well . pour batter into a well-greased 9 inch pie plate . bake
at 350 degrees for 40 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 6 servings




baked hush puppies

breads

2/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1/3 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup minced onion
1/3 cup skim milk
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1 egg beaten

combine cornmeal , flour , baking powder & salt in a medium bowl ; make
a well in the center of mixture . combine onion , milk , oil , pepper &
egg.add to dry ingredients , stirring just until moistened . spoon 1 t .
batter into minature muffin pans coated with cooking spray . bake at
450 for 10 minutes or until lightly browned . remove from pan
immediately .
( fat 1 . chol . 11 . )

yield : 24 servings




fabulous fig bread

breads , low fat

1 cup dried figs , ground boiling water
3/4 cup pistachios
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon margarine or butter
1 cup sugar
3 tablespoon egg substitute ; -or- egg
1 teaspoon vanilla

in a medium-sized heat-proof bowl , combine the figs and pistachios ,
add boiling water and let cool to room temperature , about 1 hour .
position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 f .
grease an 8-1/2 '' by 4-1/2 '' loaf pan . in medium sized bowl , combine
the flour , baking soda and salt . in a large bowl , beat the butter
until fluffy . gradually beat in the sugar . add the egg and vanilla
and beat for 1 to 2 minutes , or until lightened . add the dry
ingredients and beat until just blended . with a spoon , blend in the
fig mixture . turn into the prepared pan and bake 1 to 1 1/4 hours , or
until the bread just begins to pull away from the sides of the pan ,
and the top springs back when lightly touched . cool in pan on a rack
for 15 minutes , and then turn out and cool completely . wrap in
plastic and store overnight before serving . cut into thin slices .

yield : one 8-1/2 '' x 4-1/2 '' loaf - 22 slices

each serving contains approximately : calories 124 , fat 3.39 g , dietary
fiber 2.22 g , carbohydrates 22.4 g , protein 2.38 g , sodium 94.8 mg ,
cholesterol .026 mg

calories from protein : 7 % calories from carbohydrates : 69 % calories
from fats : 24 %

* source : california fig advisory board pamphlet * typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 22 slices




elizebeth 's cheese biscuits

breads

2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1/3 cup nonfat dry milk powder
3 tablespoon grated white cheddar cheese ( prefer ; ably raw milk )
2 1/2 tablespoon wheat germ
2 tablespoon grated mozzarella cheese
2 tablespoon grated emmenthal cheese
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup ( 1 cup ) well-chilled butter , cut in ; to 8 pieces
1 cup cold water

makes about 20

preheat oven to 350 f. lightly butter 2 baking sheets . combine all
ingredients except butter and water in large bowl of heavy-duty
electric mixer . using paddle attachment , cut in butter until mixture
resembles coarse meal . slowly pour in water , beating until dough
just comes together . turn out onto lightly floured surface and pat
to 3/4-inch thickness . cut into 2 1/2 inch squares using floured
knife . arrange on prepared sheets , spacing 1 inch apart . bake until
light brown , about 15 minutes . serve immediately . ( dough can also be
made by hand . )

bon appetit

yield : 20 servings




monastery of angels brown bread

breads

2 cup lukewarm water
3 tablespoon brown or raw sugar
2 tablespoon shortening
1 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoon carob powder
2 1/2 tablespoon sesame seeds
1 pkg dry yeast
5 1/3 cup whole wheat flour
1/3 cup instant nonfat milk powder ; +
1 1/2 teaspoon instant nonfat milk powder

combine 1 cup water with brown sugar , shortening , salt , carob powder
and sesame seeds in mixing bowl . stir with spoon or whip until
mixture is just blended . place yeast in remaining 1 cup water and let
stand to dissolve . mix flour with instant milk powder . reserve 1 cup .
combine remaining flour mixture with sugar mixture and add yeast
mixture . mix on low speed until ingredients are well incorporated ,
then turn speed to medium and beat 4 to 5 minutes . if necessary , add
reserved flour gradually . flour mixture should leave sides of bowl .
cover bowl with clean cloth , then cover with plastic wrap to speed
rising . let rise 1 1/2 hours until doubled in bulk . punch dough down
and let rise again , 20 to 30 minutes . divide dough in halves , shape
into loaves and place in 2 greased 8- x 4-inch loaf pans , or shape
into rounds on greased baking sheets . let rest 15 minutes . bake at
375f 40 minutes . makes 2 loaves

yield : 2 servings




favorite refrigerator dough

breads

1 1/2 cup ; water , lukewarm , or potat
2/3 cup sugar
1/2 tablespoon salt
1 yeast cake , fresh
2 egg
2/3 cup shortening ; softened
1 cup mashed potatoes ; lukewarm
7 cup flour , sifted

mix the water or potato water with the sugar and salt . crumble the
compressed yeast cake into the mixture and stir until dissolved . add
the eggs and softened shortening ; mix in the mashed potatoes and
sifted flour first with a spoon , then with your hands . oil the top
of the dough well ; cover with waxed paper or a refrigerator cover ,
then with a damp cloth . keep the cloth damp . this will keep for about
five days in the refrigerator .

betty crocker 's picture cook book , 1950

yield : 1 batch




hawaiian banana muffins or bread

breads

1 1/4 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup crisco
2 fully ripe bananas
2 eggs

blend crisco , bananas and eggs in blender ; set aside . sift dry
ingredients together . add blended ingredients to dry ingredients and
mix lightly . pour into lightly greased andfloured loaf pan . bake at
350 degrees for 35 to 40 minutes for bread , less time required for
muffins .

yield : 1 servings




herbed batter bread

breads

1/4 cup skim milk powder
1 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon honey
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup lukewarm water
4 teaspoon dry yeast
3 tablespoon chopped parsley
2 tablespoon chopped fresh basil or 1 tsp . dried ; , crushed basil
1 tablespoon freshly-snipped chives
1 teaspoon dried , crushed oregano
1/2 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme or 1/4 tsp . dri ; ed thyme leaves
1/2 teaspoon freshly snipped marjoram or 1/4 tsp ; . dried
4 1/2 cup rye flour
2 tablespoon oil

combine skim milk powder and warm water in a small bowl , using a wire
whisk . add honey and salt . in a larger mixing bowl , place the
lukewarm water and sprinkle the yeast over the top , until dissolved .
add the milk mixture to the dissolved yeast . stir in the fresh and
dried herbs . add two cups of rye flour . beat for 2 minutes on medium
speed of electric mixer , scraping sides of bowl frequently ; or beat
vigorously with a wooden spoon , about 200 strokes , until batter looks
satiny . using a wooden spoon , blend in the additional two and 1/2
cups of rye flour .

scrape batter from sides of bowl . cover with a clean towel and set
in a warm place ( 85 ) away from drafts , to rise until light and
doubled in size -- about 45 to 50 minutes . ( do not allow to over rise ) .
stir the batter down . turn into a well-oiled one and one-half quart
casserole or souffle dish ( batter will be sticky . smooth out top of
loaf by flouring hand and patting into shape . ) again , allow to rise
in a warm place , covered for 20 minutes . preheat oven to 375 f .

place in preheated oven and bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until bread
is golden brown . remove from oven and brush top of bread lightly
with oil . cool for 10 minutes . turn bread out onto wire rack to cool .
yield : one round loaf

from : the rodale cookbook isbn 0-87857-071-3 shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




king arthur 's egg braid

breads

1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 cup warm milk
4 eggs , room temperature
1 stick butter or margarine
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 tablespoon cinnamon
7 cup 7-9 cups king arthur unbleached all ; -purpose flour
12 dyed uncooked eggs
-- -- egg wash -- --
1 egg , beaten
1 tablespoon water
1 pinch of salt

dissolve the yeast in the water . stir in the sugar and
add 1/2 cup flour . let this sit for 10-minutes to give
the yeast a chance to get going . add the milk , eggs ,
butter , salt , and cinnamon . stir in 4 cups of the
flour . add more flour until the dough starts to form a
shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured
counter and knead it , adding more flour as necessary ,
until the dough has formed a smooth and satiny ball .
the dough will be a little tacky , but it should n't be
sticky . put the dough into a clean bowl and coat it
with a little melted butter . this will help prevent
the formation of a skin on the dough due to exposure
to the air . cover the dough with plastic wrap or a
damp towel . let the dough rise in a warm spot for 1
1/2 to 2 hours , or until it 's quite swollen and puffy
looking . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured
counter and knead it gently to expel any air bubbles .
you do n't need to actively knead the dough at this
point ; that will excite the gluten in the dough and
make it harder to braid the bread . divide the dough
into 2 pieces and set one aside . divide the first
piece into 3 even pieces . roll each piece into a rope
that is 1 '' in diameter . braid the set of ropes and
shape the braid into a large circle . place the circle
on a greased or parchment paper-lined baking sheet .
repeat with the second piece of dough . cover the
loaves with damp towels and let the wreaths rise for
30 minutes . preheat the oven to 350 degrees . place the
eggs on the wreaths and gently press them into the
dough . brush the dough with the egg wash ( 1 egg beaten
with 1 tbs . water and a pinch of salt ) . bake the
loaves for 35-45 minutes , until nicely browned .
occasionally an egg will split in the oven . use a
sharp knife to remove it from the wreath and
substitute a dyed-hard-boiled egg . cool the wreaths on
a rack and ice when fully cool . makes 2 wreaths , each
yielding 12 large slices . icing glaze : 1 1/2 cups
confectioners ' sugar 3 tbs orange liqueur beat the
sugar and the liqueur together . the icing should be
the consistency of a thick salad dressing . use a fork
to drizzle the icing on the wreaths .

yield : 8 servings




walnut brown bread

breads , fruits , nuts

3 cup raisins
1/4 cup shortening
2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup walnuts ; chopped
3 cup water
5 1/2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
4 teaspoon baking soda
2 each eggs ; lg , slightly beaten

combine the raisins and water in a 3-quart saucepan and bring to a
boil . boil , uncovered , for 5 minutes , then remove from the heat and
add the shortening . cool to lukewarm . sift the flour , sugar , baking
soda and salt together into a mixing bowl and add the eggs , walnuts
and raisin mixture . stir until just moistened . spoon the batter into
6 greased ( 1-lb ) vegetable cans . bake in a preheated 350 degree f .
oven for 1 hour or until a cake tester or wooden pick inserted in the
center of each loaf comes out clean . cover with aluminum foil for the
last 15 minutes of baking to prevent overbrowning . cool in the cans
for 10 minutes before turning out onto wire racks to cool to room
temperature .

yield : 10 servings




chile-spiked spoonbread

breads

2 cup water
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup yellow cornmeal
1 preferably stone-ground
4 tablespoon unsalted butter
2 cup milk
3 large eggs ( at room temperature )
1 beaten
1 hot chile pepper --
1 jalapeno
2 teaspoon baking powder

position a rack in the center of the oven , and preheat to 400 degrees .
lightly butter a 1 1/2 quart round casserole . in medium saucepan ,
bring the water and salt to a boil over high heat . gradually whisk in
the cornmeal . reduce the heat to low , and cook , stirring constantly ,
until the cornmeal is quite thick , about 3 minutes . remove the pan
from the heat , and stir in the butter until melted . then whisk in
the milk . add the beaten eggs and whisk well . whisk in the chile
pepper and baking powder . spread the batter evenly in the prepared
casserole . bake until puffed and golden brown , about 45 minutes . let
stand 5 minutes before serving .

recipe by : kwanzaa by eric v. copage

yield : 6 servings




batter white bread

breads

6 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 pkg instant dry yeast
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
3 cup warm water
2 tablespoon shortening

butter

no kneading necessary on this one folks .

oven 375 degrees

in large mixer bowl , combine 3 1/2 cups flour , yeast , sugar and salt
mix well . add warm water ( 125 degrees or so ) and shortening to flour
mixture . blend at low speed until moistened , beat 3 minutes at med .
speed . by hand , gradually stir in remaining flour to make a stiff
batter . cover and allow to rise in warm place until double . about 30
mins . stir down batter . spread in greased 9x5 or 8x4 bread pans .
cover and allow to rise until batter reaches tops of pans , ( about
20-30 mins ) bake at 375 degrees for about 35-40 mins til golden
brown . remove from the pans and brush with butter . allow to cool .

yield : 6 servings




dill cornmeal dumplings

breads , magazine , soup/stews

1 1/4 cup flour ; all-purpose
1/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1 tablespoon dill ; finely chopped
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon vegetable shortening ; chilld
1 cup milk

in a medium bowl , combine the first 5 ingredients . with 2 knives or
your fingers , cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles
coarse crumbs . add the milk , stirring with a fork , just until the
mixture holds together .

with a large spoon , drop dumpling batter in 8 spoonfuls over the stew .
simmer over medium-low heat , covered , about 16 minutes , or until the
dumplings are done .

yield : 8 dumplings




chocolate shortcakes

breads , desserts , woman 's day

2 cup flour , all purpose
1/2 cup sugar , granulated
1/3 cup cocoa powder , unsweetened
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup butter or margarine , cold
1 cup buttermilk or plain low-fat
1 yogurt
2 teaspoon sugar

heat oven to 375 degrees .

grease 2 cookie sheets .

in a large bowl mix flour , granulated sugar , cocoa powder , baking
powder and baking soda . cut butter in pieces . with pastry blender or
2 knives cut butter into flour mixture until coarse crumbs form . with
a fork stir in buttermilk or yogurt until mixture clumps together .
divide in half . put each on a cookie sheet in a 6-inch round .
sprinkle each with sugar . bake one at a time 20 minutes until pick
inserted in center comes out clean . cool on sheet on rack 5 minutes
before removing to rack to cool completely . to make strawberry
shortcake : not more than 2 hours before serving . layer with cream and
berries . top with cream . garnish with a whole berry . just before
serving pour on chocolate topping .

yield : 12 servings




crullers

breads

2 tablespoon butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs , beaten
4 cup sifted flour
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cream

cream butter and sugar together until well mixed . add eggs and beat
well . sift dry ingredients together and add alternately with cream to
creamed mixture . mix thoroughly . place dough on floured board and
pat and roll to 1/2 '' thickness ; cut into 6 '' x 1 '' strips . twist dough
and press ends together . fry a few at a time in hot fat until brown ;
drain on absorbent paper . makes 24

/\/\ ( ^.^ ) ( ) ( ( ) ) __ ) ... from the hearth in sandee 's kitchen ...

yield : 24 servings




chocolate cinnamon loaf

breads , yeast

-- -- kay burger xwsf96a -- --
3/4 cup warm water
1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1 egg
1/3 cup cocoa
2 1/4 cup flour
1 tablespoon margarine ; to 2 tbs melted , cooled
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
3 tablespoon sugar browned butter icing-
1 1/2 tablespoon margarine
3/4 cup confectioners ' sugar
1 tablespoon cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

in mixer bowl dissolve yeast in warm water . add shortening , salt ,
sugar , egg , cocoa and 1 cup flour . beat 2 minutes on medium speed on
mixer . scrape sides and bottom of bowl frequently . stir in remaining
flour with spoon ; blend until smooth . scrape batter from sides ,
cover , let rise in warm place one hour or until double . if kitchen is
cool , place dough on rack over a bowl of hot water and cover .
stir down batter by beating 25 strokes . turn out on well-floured
board ; dough will be soft . divide into 8 equal pieces . shape each
into a ball ; roll in butter , then cinnamon-sugar mixture . place balls
of dough in well-greased loaf pan 9x5x3-inches , 4 lengthwise , 2 and 2
crosswise . let rise in warm place until double in bulk , about 40
minutes . bake 375~ for 35 minutes . remove from pan and frost top
immediately .
browned butter icing . brown butter in pan over medium heat until a
delicate brown . blend with sugar ; add cream and vanilla and blend
until smooth .

yummy ! ! excitingly different and delicious ! kay .

yield : 1 servings




becky 's louisiana spoon bread : : : gwhp32a

breads , american

1 cup cornmeal
3 cup milk ; scalded
2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon butter ; melted
3 each egg yolks ; beaten
3 each egg whites ; stifly beaten

after scalding the milk in a saucepan over high heat , reduce to low
and add cornmeal . cook 5 minutes . add salt and cool slightly . add
the butter and sugar then add the egg yolks , stirring rapidly and
mixing well .
fold in the egg whites . bake in a greased baking dish 350 degrees f ,
about 45 minutes . serve immediately .

yield : 6 servings




camembert fritters

appetizers , breads , cheese

3 tablespoon butter/margerine
3 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 cup milk
4 oz camembert cheese ( without the rind ) ; -- cubed .
1 salt to taste
1 cayenne pepper to taste
1 large egg
1 tablespoon butter/margerine
1/2 cup fine bread crumbs

camembert fritters

you can use other cheeses if you like e.g. , italian fontina , aged
cheddar .

veg . oil for dep fat frying

melt the butter in a heavy saucepan over med . heat . quickly blend in
the flour . add the milk gradually , stirring thoroughly . bring to a
boil , reduce the heat , and cook slowly until the sauce is thickened
and smooth , about 4 minutes . add the cheese to the sauce and stir
until it has melted . add salt and cayenne pepper to taste . remove
from the heat and allow the sauce to cool slightly . spread the
mixture 3/4 inch thick on a baking sheet . cover lightly , place in the
refrigerator , and leave until cool and firm -- about 2 hours or
overnight . cut the cheese mixture into squares , or use a 1 1/2 inch
round cookie cutter . beat the eggs with the water . roll the cheese
pieces in the bread crumbs , then dip them in the egg mixture . roll
them in the crumbs again , and shake off any excess crumbs . heat the
veg . oil to 375 f. in a deep-fat fryer or heavy saucepan . drop the
cheese pieces a few at a time into the oil . do not crowd the pan . fry
just until they are golden brown , 1 to 2 minutes . drain on paper
towels . serve hot . makes 10 to 12 fritters .

yield : 10 servings




bagel thins , lo cal , lo salt

appetizers , breads , low cal

1 each bagel
2 teaspoon soft margarine , melted
1 teaspoon oregano , dried

using a very sharp serrated knife , slice bagel into very thin rounds .
arrange in single layer on baking sheet ; brush with margarine .
sprinkle with oregano . bake in 350f oven for 12 minutes . let cool
and store in airtight container for up to 1 week .
per 1 piece serving : 14 cal ; .5g fat , 0 cholesterol , 15 mg salt .

yield : 20 servings




philly soft pretzels

breads

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 1/4 cup warm water 4 c flour
2 teaspoon salt
1 kosher or margarita salt

dissolve yeast thoroughly in 1/4 cup warm water . mix 3 cups flour
and salt in large bowl . add yeast with remaining 1 cup water . add
enough additional flour to make dough stiff . knead 10 minutes or till
dough feels elastic . form into ball . place in bowl and spread with
butter . cover with towel and let rise till doubled , about 45 minutes .
divide dough into 12 small balls and roll between hands ( or on
counter ) to form a rope . form into pretzel shapes , wetting and
pinching ends firmly . dissolve baking soda in 4 cups water and bring
to a boil . drop pretzels , a few at a time , in water and boil till
they float to the top , about 1 minute . remove and drain . place on
buttered baking sheet . sprinkle with salt and bake at 475 for 15-20
minutes or till golden brown . place on rack to cool . i used to make
these a lot when my husband had to do field time in the army .
according to all the guys , they warm up pretty good and are excellent
with some german scharfer senf ( sharp/hot mustard ) .

lou.ramsay @ salata.com

yield : 12 servings




golden garlic bread

breads , carnation

2 loaves french bread ; about 12 inches long
3 cloves garlic ; minced
1 oz butter
1 cup chef-mate golden cheese sauce

1 . slice french bread lengthwise and place cut side on sheet pan . 2 .
saute garlic in butter . combine with cheese sauce . 3 . spread 2 ounces
garlic-cheese sauce mixture over cut surface of bread . 4 . cover with
foil . bake in preheated 350f oven 15 minutes . remove cove and bake
for an additional 5 minutees or until cheese is bubbly . 5 . slice and
serve warm .

makes 12 servings of 2 pieces per serving .

source : carnation company

--

yield : 12 servings




banana coconut bread

breads , desserts

1 cup currants
1/2 cup dark rum
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg
2/3 cup sweetened coconut
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
1 cup packed brown sugar
2 each eggs beaten lightly
1/3 cup buttermilk
1 cup mashed ripe banana

heat rum and place in bowl with currants 1 hour . in separate bowl ,
sift together flour , sal , baking soda , baking powder , cinnamon ,
nutmeg , and 1/2 cup of the coconut . in a large bowl , cream vegetable
shortening and brown sugar till combined . add eggs and beat well .
stir in buttermilk , banana and currant mixture . combine well . add
flour mixture and stir till just combined . spoon batter into greased
loaf pan 9 '' x5 '' x2 3/4 '' . sprinkle with remaining coconut and bake in
preheated 350 f degree oven 60 to 70 minutes or till don . makes 1
loaf .

yield : 8 servings




orange coconut bread : : : gwhp32a

breads

1 pkg yeast
2 3/4 cup better for bread flour
2 tablespoon gluten
1 teaspoon salt
1 pkg orange gelatin ; ( 4-srvng size
2/3 cup coconut ; shredded
2/3 cup carrot ; shredded/raw
1 tablespoon orange peel ; freshly grated
1 tablespoon margarine
1 cup very warm water ; + 1 tb

add all the ingredients in the order listed , select white bread and
push `` start . '' there is no need to mention the carrots contained in
this delectably moist bread , their healthful fiber and vitamins are
completely camouflaged . shared by barb day

yield : 1 servings




pioneer bread

breads

1/4 to 1/2 cup warm water
3 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 egg , beaten
3 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted and coo ; led
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt

food processor recipe ...

makes 1 loaf

vegetable oil or melted butter or margarine

combine 1/4 cup of the water , 1 tablespoon of the sugar and yeast .
stir to dissolve yeast and let stand until bubbly , about 5 minutes .
blend egg and butter into yeast mixture .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , cornmeal and salt
into work bowl . process on/off to mix .

add yeast mixture to flour mixture . process until blended , about 10
seconds .

turn on processor and very slowly drizzle just enough remaining water
through feed tube into flour mixture so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl . process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times . turn off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

turn dough onto lightly greased surface . shape into ball and place in
lightly greased bowl , turning to grease all sides . cover loosely with
plastic wrap and let stand in warm place until doubled , about 1 hour .

punch down dough . shape into loaf and place in greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2
x 2 1/2 inch loaf pan . brush with oil . let stand in warm place until
doubled , about 1 hour .

heat oven to 400 f. bake until golden and loaf sounds hollow when
tapped , 25 - 30 minutes .

remove immediately from pan . brush crust with oil , if desired . cool
on wire rack .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




egg braid bread

breads

1 x no ingredients

1 pk active dry yeast 1 c warm water 1 c sourdough starter 1 c
all-purpose flour 1/3 c granulated sugar 2 eggs , beaten 1/2 c butter ,
melted 1 ts salt 4 cups all-purpose white flour 2 eggs , beaten

dissolve yeast in water . add sourdough starter . mix in 1 cup flour .
let mixture set 12 hours or overnight to develop sponge . stir sponge
to dissolve crust . add sugar , 2 eggs , butter , and salt ; mix well .
add 2 1/2 cups flour to sponge ; mix well . pour 1 cup flour on
kneading surface . pour sponge mixture on flour . cover with 1 cup
flour . knead until flour is worked into dough . continue adding flour
until stiff dough has formed . knead dough 10 minutes or until folds
form . place in greased bowl . grease top . cover ; let rise until
doubled in size . punch down dough . knead 2 minutes . divide dough into
2 equal balls ; divide 1 ball into 8 equal parts . roll 8 parts until
approx . 12 inches long . place these 8 strips side by side ; braid by
folding 1 strip over the other in numerical order . tuck in edges .
prepare second dough ball in same manner . place braids on greased
cookie sheets . cover ; let rise until double in bulk . brush braids
with 2 eggs . bake in preheated 350f oven 30 minutes or until golden
brown . remove from oven ; brush with oil . cool on rack . yield : 2
loaves .

yield : 2 servings




ken haedrich 's three grain biscuits

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup yellow cornmeal
1/3 cup rolled oats ( not instant )
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/3 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup cold unsalted butter ,
1 cut into 1/4 inch pieces
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup milk

: lightly butter large baking sheet-preferably dark metal .
combine flour cornmeal , oats , baking powder , baking soda and salt in
mixing bowl . add unsalted butter and rub or cut in until mixture
looks like coarse meal . blend sour cream and milk in separate bowl ,
make well in dry ingredients and add liquid to well all at once , stir
dough until evenly mixed
: sprinkle dough , your hands and your work surface with flour ,
turn dough out and nead gently 20 or 30 seconds . use little more
flour if necessary to keep dough from sticking . pat dough out to
thickness of about 3/4 inch , cut dough using 2 or 2 1/4 inch round
cutter . keep cuts close together . place on buttered baking sheet
bake at 350 degrees for 13 to 14 minutes until browned and crusty .
serve at once
: each biscuit contains about 104 calories ; 123 mg sodium ; 13 mg
cholesterol ; 5 grams fat 13 grams protein ; 0.07 grams fiber

yield : 14 servings




beer biscuits

breads

2 cup unbleached flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening
3/4 cup beer

preheat oven to 450 degrees f. sift dry ingredients together . cut in
shortening until it has cornmeal consistanch . stir in beer , knead
lightly , roll out to 1/2-inch thickness . bake 10 - 12 minutes or
until golden brown .
makes 12 to 15 biscuits .

yield : 4 servings




zucchini loaf

breads , cakes , desserts , vegetables

2 cup granulated sugar
1 cup canola oil
3 eggs
2 cup zucchini , grated
3 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup raisins or dates
1/2 cup walnuts
1 teaspoon vanilla

combine sugar and oil , add beaten eggs , zucchini which has been
grated or shredded , salt , flour and spices . mix well then add raisins
or dates and nuts . the dates make a very moist loaf . put in oiled
loaf pans ( 2 ) and bake at 350f ( 180c ) for 75 to 90 minutes . this can
be frozen for future use .

yield : 2 servings




bread fat substitute - applesauce

breads

1 no ingredients

try substituting unsweetened applesauce for the fats called for in
your bread recipes . this even works with chocolate cake ! many ca n't
tell any difference in taste and the pectin in the applesauce keeps
the bread moist longer . i buy the small motts individual containers
so i do n't have a large jar going bad in the fridge . i 've read that
you can use up to one tablespoon of applesauce per cup of flour . if
you do make this substitution hold out about 1/8 to 1/4 cup of the
liquid in the recipe and add it back in a tsp . at a time during the
kneading cycle .

yield : 1 servings




raisin bread for the zojirushi

breads

1 1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon brown sugar ; packed
2 tablespoon butter
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3 1/2 cup bread flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
-- -- when beep sounds , add -- --
3/4 cup raisins
1 tablespoon flour

measure milk , sugar , butter , salt , cinnamon , and flour into baking
pan . tap container firmly to level out ingredients and sprinkle yeast
in center of flour . insert baking pan into unit and close lid . select
raisin bread setting and press start . place raisins and flour into a
baggie and shake to coat . use a sieve to remove excess flour . when
beep sounds after about 30 minutes , open lid and add raisins . close
lid . the complete light will flash when bread is done . using hotpads ,
remove the pan from unit and pull out kneading rod . turn out onto
cooling rack and cool before slicing . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 loaf




russian black bread ( ceideburg )

breads

1 stephen ceideburg
4 cup rye flour
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 cup 100 percent bran cereal
2 tablespoon caraway seed , crushed
2 teaspoon instant coffee granules
2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon fennel seed , crushed
2 pkg dry active yeast
2 1/2 cup water
1/4 cup vinegar
1/4 cup dark molasses
1 oz unsweetened chocolate
1/4 cup butter or margarine ( 1/2 stick )
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1/2 cup cold water

combine rye and all-purpose flour , set aside . in large bowl
thoroughly mix 2 1/3 cups flour mixture , sugar , salt , cereal , caraway
seed , instant coffee granules , onion powder , fennel seed and yeast .

combine water , vinegar , molasses , chocolate and butter in saucepan .
warm over low heat . gradually add to dry ingredients . beat at medium
speed with electric mixer for 2 minutes , scraping bowl occasionally .

add 1/2 cup flour mixture . beat at high speed 2 minutes , scraping bowl
occasionally . stir in enough additional flour mixture to make soft
dough .

turn out on lightly floured board . cover dough with bowl . let rest 15
minutes . then knead until smooth and elastic , about 10 to 15 minutes .
( dough will be sticky . ) place in greased bowl , turning to grease top .
cover and let rise in warm place , free from drafts , until doubled in
bulk , about 1 hour .

divide dough in half , form into 2 loaves and place in 9-by-5- inch
loaf pans . or form into 2 round balls and place on greased baking
sheet .

preheat oven to 350 degrees . bake 45 to 50 minutes or until bread
sounds hollow when tapped on the top .

meanwhile , combine cornstarch and 1/2 cup cold water . cook over medium
heat , stirring constantly , until mixture boils . stir constantly for 1
minute . as soon as bread is baked , brush cornstarch mixture over tops
of loaves . return bread to oven . bake 2 to 3 minutes or until glaze
is set . remove from pans . cool on wire racks .

makes 2 loaves .

from the oregonian 's foodday , 1/5/93 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 2 loaves




kavrings

breads , ethnic

1 cup butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup milk : whole
1 egg
4 teaspoon baking soda
5 3/4 cup flour
10 cardamon ; seeds crushed
1/2 teaspoon salt

method ; cream butter and sugar ; add slightly beaten
egg , then the milk and lastly the dry ingreidents ,
which have been sifted together . stir as little as
possible . turn the dough out onto a floured board ,
shape into small buns and bake 10 minutes in hot oven
( 425 ) when done cut each roll in half and return to
oven . bake in a slow oven ( 200 ) till light browned .
these rusks are delicious served with hot fruit soup .
this is a recipe from grandma cookbook published in
1920

yield : 24 servings




non

breads , russian

2 1/2 cup ; water , lukewarm
1 pkg yeast , dry
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon oil
3/4 teaspoon salt
4 cup flour , unbleached
2 cup flour , whole wheat
1/2 cup onion ; minced
1 teaspoon garlic ; minced

approx . cook time : 3:00 in a
large bowl , combine 1/2 cup of the water , the yeast , and sugar and
let stand until foamy ; about 5 minutes . add the rest of the water ,
the oil , and the salt , then gradually add four cups of the unbleached
flour and all of the whole wheat flour , one cup at a time , mixing
well after each addition with a wooden spoon . transfer the dough to a
floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes ,
adding enough of the remaining unbleached flour to prevent sticking .
shape the dough into a ball , place in a buttered bowl and turn to
coat . cover with a tea towel and let rise in a warm , draft- free
place until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . divide the dough into
eight pieces and shape each piece into a ball . on a floured surface
with a floured rolling pin , roll out each ball into a round about
seven inches in diameter . with a pastry brush , brush each round with
cold water . cover with a towel and let stand 30 minutes . meanwhile ,
preheat the oven to 500 f. ( yes , five hundred ) . place a heavy-duty
baking sheet in the oven to heat for 15 minutes . wet your hands in
cold water and make an indentation in the center of each dough round
about two inches in diameter . with a fork , prick all over the
indentation in a circular fashion . sprinkle with the onion and
garlic . carefully remove the baking sheet from the oven . sprinkle the
rounds lightly with cold water and place on the baking sheet . bake in
the lowest part of the oven until the breads are light golden and
baked through , 12 to 15 minutes . remove from the oven , wrap in a
clean , damp kitchen towel , and let rest for 10 minutes .

-- - please to the table
von bremzen & welchman

yield : 8 servings




filled berlin doughnuts ( kh )

breads , desserts

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup milk , scalded
1/4 cup warm water
3 1/2 to 4 cups flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , well beaten
1/3 cup butter
1 fat for deep frying , heated
1 to 375
1 tablespoon orange juice
2 teaspoon rum extract
1 jam or jelly

soften yeast in the warm water . put 1/2 cup sugar , the salt , butter ,
orange juice and rum extract into a large bowl . pour scalded milk
over ingredients in bowl . stir until butter is melted . cool to
lukewarm . blend in 1 cup of the flour and beat until smooth . stir in
yeast . add about half of the remaining flour and beat until smooth .
beat in the eggs . then beat in enough of the re- maining flour to
make a soft dough . turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and let
rest 5 to 10 minutes . knead until smooth and elastic . form into a
ball and put into a greased deep bowl ; turn dough to bring greased
sur- face to top . cover ; let rise in a warm place until double in
bulk . punch down dough . turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and
roll 1/2 inch thick . cut dough into rounds with a 3-inch cutter .
cover with waxed paper and let rise on roll- ing surface away from
drafts and direct heat , until double in bulk ( 30 to 45 minutes ) .
about 20 minutes before deep frying , heat fat . fry doughnuts in
heated fat . put in only as many doughnuts at one time as will float
uncrowded one layer deep in the fat . fry 2 to 3 minutes , or until
lightly browned turn doughnuts with a fork or tongs when they rise to
the surface and several times during cooking ( do not pierce ) . lift
from fat ; drain over fat for a few seconds before remov- ing to
absorbent paper . cool . cut a slit through to the center in the side
of each doughnut . force about 1/2 teaspoon jam or jelly into center
and press lightly to close slit . ( a pastry bag and tube may be used
to force jelly or jam into slit . ) shake 2 or 3 bismarcks at one time
in bag containing sugar .

yield : 1 servings




julie smith 's french toast strata

breads , cheese/eggs , main dish

1 lb loaf of french bread
8 oz cream cheese , cubed ( 1 package )
8 eggs
2 1/2 cup milk , light cream or half and half
6 tablespoon margarine or butter , melted
1/4 cup maple syrup

cut french bread in cubes . place half of bread cubes in bottom of a
greased 3-quart casserole dish . sprinkle cubed cream cheese on bread .
add remaining bread cubes . in a large bowl , beat until well blended
the eggs , milk , melted margarine or butter and maple syrup . pour
mixture over bread cubes and press down with a spatula . cover with
plastic wrap . refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours . remove wrap and bake at
325 degrees for 35 to 40 minutes . let stand for 10 minutes before
serving . serve with hot butter syrup . serves 6 to 8 . preparation
time : 15 minutes baking time : 35 to 40 minutes

yield : 6 servings




triple wheat-honey muffins

breads , breakfast , low cal

1/4 cup uncooked wheat flakes - ( rolled whea ; t )
3/4 cup water
1 1/4 cup nonfat buttermilk
1/3 cup honey
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 large egg whites or 1/4 cup -cholesterol ; free egg prod .
1 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup wheat bran
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

heat wheat flakes and water to boiling in 1-quart saucepan ; reduce
heat . cover and simmer about 30 minutes or until liquid is absorbed .
cool 10 minutes . heat oven to 400 . spray bottoms only of 12 medium
muffin cups , 2 1/2 '' x 1 1/4 '' with nonstick cooking spray or line with
paper baking cups . beat buttermilk , honey , oil , vanilla and egg
whites in large bowl . stir in flour , wheat bran , baking powder ,
abaking soda and salt just until flouri is moistened . fold in cooked
wheat flakes . divide batter evenly among muffin cups ( cups will be
fery full ) . bake 22 to 24 minutes or until golden brown . immediately
remove from pan . *3/4 cup cooked brown rice can be substituted for
wheat flakes and water .

yield : 12 each




nutritious breakfast bread

breads , fruits , breakfast

1 cup flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup dry non-fat milk powder
1/3 cup oatmeal
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup chopped peanuts
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
1/2 cup raisins
1/3 cup chopped prunes
3 eggs
1/2 cup oil
1/2 cup molasses
3/4 cup orange juice
1 cup mashed banana

preheat oven to 325 f. combine flour , salt , baking powder , baking
soda , milk , oats , sugar , nuts , raisins and prunes in large bowl .
blend with fork . beat eggs until foamy . add oil , molasses , juice and
bananas . add mix to dry ingredients . pour into 2 8x4 greased loaf
pans . bake at 325 f one hou ( for muffins , grease tins and fill 2/3
full , bake 350 f for 20 minutes ) cool slightly before removing from
pan.you may substitute raw chopped apples , grated carrots , applesauce
or grated zucchini for bananas .

yield : 2 servings




nova scotia oatcakes

breads , canadian , nova scotia

3 cup rolled oats ; not instant
3 cup flour , all purpose ; sifted
1 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda salt
1 1/2 cup shortening cold water , up to 3/4 cu ; p

combine oats , flour , sugar , soda and salt . cut in the shortening with
a pastry blender or 2 knives until the mixture is crumbly . using a
fork , gradually add enough water for moisture to form a ball . roll
out 1/4 '' thick on a lightly floured board . cut into circles and place
on greased baking sheet . bake at 350f for 15 minutes . yield about 4
dozen , depending on spoon size .

source : _classic canadian cooking_ by elizabeth baird

yield : 1 servings




rigani cheese bread

breads , greek

1 karen mintzias
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 cup tepid ( 110 f ) water
3 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon fine-grain sea salt
3 cup whole wheat flour , or more
2 tablespoon dried rigani ; crumbled
1/2 tablespoon dried mint ; finely crumbled
3/4 lb feta cheese ; well drained , finely cru
1 egg yolk ; beaten with :
2 tablespoon warm water

sprinkle the yeast over the water and set aside in a warm place until
foamy , about 10 minutes . whisk in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and
the salt .

sift the flour into a large mixing bowl , make a well in the center ,
and pour in the yeast mixture . knead 10 minutes , adding additional
flour if necessary to make a firm elastic dough . transfer to a
lightly oiled bowl , tightly cover with plastic wrap , and set aside
for 2 hours in a warm draft-free spot .

knead in the rigani , mint , and feta until evenly distributed
throughout the dough . lightly oil a heavy baking sheet and place the
dough in the center . form into a round loaf and flatten to a
thickness of 2 inches . cover with a clean kitchen towel and set aside
for 1 hour in a warm draft-free spot . the dough will rise only
slightly .

heat the oven to 350 f .

with a sharp thin blade , slash the top of the loaf diagonally in 2 or
3 parallel lines , brush with the remaining olive oil , and bake 25
minutes . brush with the beaten egg yolk and bake 15 minutes longer ,
or until the bread is deep golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped
on the bottom .

source : flavors of greece - by rosemary barron isbn : 0-688-07087-6

typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




moist banana bread

breads

3 or 4 ripe bananas
1 egg
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup melted butter or margarine
1/2 cup walnuts ( optional )
1/2 cup chocolate chips ( optional )

mash bananas by hand or with mixer until fairly smooth ( may still
appear slightly lumpy ) . add all other ingredients in order , mixing
as you go . add melted butter last . pour into 1 greased and floured
loaf pan or 2 small loaf pans and bake at 325 degrees for 50 to 60
minutes . note : if possible , grease pan with butter flavored crisco or
use butter .

yield : 1 loaf




ukrainian almond crescents

breads , desserts

2 cup to 2 1/2 c unbleached white flour
1 pkg dry yeast ( about 1 tbs )
1 cup sweet butter , room temp
2 egg yolks , beaten
3/4 cup sour cream
1 filling :
2 cup almonds , toasted and coarsley groun ; d
2/3 cup to 3/4 c brown sugar , firmly packed
2 egg whites
1 pinch of salt

from `` sundays at moosewood restaurant . '' yields 24 pastries

rogaliki , which means `` little horns , '' are a specialty of the southern
ukraine . they are flaky pastries stuffed with sugar and nuts , and i
warn you , they can be addictive . although i am seldom interested in
sweets , these are `` devilish horns , '' tempting even me to eat just one
more !

pastry :

for the pastry , mix together the flour and yeast in a med bowl . cut
in the butter with a pastry fork until the mixture resembles coarse
meal . stir in the egg yolks and sour cream and mix well . the mixture
will still be crumbly . form the dough into a ball using your hands ,
working it as little as possible . the less you knead , the more
tender the pastry will be . the dough will be tacky . wrap it in waxed
paper and chill it for at least 2 hours .

prepare the filling by combining the ground almonds and sugar in a
small bowl . beat together the egg whites and salt until stiff , but
not dry , and carefully fold them into the nut mixture .

preheat the oven to 375f . when the dough is thoroughly chilled ,
divide it into three balls . using a floured rolling pin , roll out
three circles about 1/8 '' thick . work on a well-floured surface to
prevent the dough from sticking . cut each circle into eight
pie-shaped wedges and spread the wedges with the filling . starting at
the wide end , roll each wedge up like a little croissant and then
pull the ends into a curve to form a `` horn . '' make sure the point is
on the bottom so the `` horns '' will not open up while baking .

place the almond crescents on a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake
for about 30 - 40 min , until golden and puffed .

yield : 6 servings




salad bar bread

breads , snacks , quick & easy

-- -- classic carrot bread -- --
2 1/2 cup flour
3 eggs , lightly beaten
1 cup mayonnaise
1 cup sugar
2 cup grated carrots
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup raisins
1 cup walnuts or pecans , chopped

directions : preheat oven to 350f , grease 2 9x5 loaf pans

blend all ingredients in mixing bowl until thoroughly combined . divide
batter between two prepared loaf pans . bake 1 hour . let cool 10
minutes , then remove from pans .

variations : zucchini bread : substitute 2 cups grated , drained
zucchini for carrots .

waldorf apple bread : substitute 1 1/2 c grated apples ( drained ) and
1/2 c finely chopped celery for carrots .

broccoli bread : substitute 1 1/2 c chopped fresh broccoli ( tops
only ) and 1/2 c chopped celery for carrots . substitute 1/2 c toasted
almonds for walnuts . omit cinnamon and raisins .

pepper relish bread : substitute 1 c cooked yellow kernel corn , 1/2 c
chopped red bell pepper and 1/2 c chopped green bell pepper fro
carrots . substitute 1/2 c chopped celery for raisins . add 2 t sweet
pickle relish .

source : the great american bake sale

yield : 2 loaves




pizza dough martha stewart

breads , pizza

1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil

in a small bowl , combine 1/2 cup warm water and yeast . let stand 10
minutes , or until creamy , then stir well .

combine flour and salt in a food processor . add yeast mixture and
olive oil and process just until the dough comes together .

turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 1 mintues .
shape dough into a log and cut into 4 equal pieces . flatten each piece
lightly with the palm of your hand to form a disc .

place discs on a well-oiled cookie sheet and brush tops lightly with
olive oil . cover discs with a large piece of plastic wrap and then
cover with a hot , damp cloth . let stand in a warm place until dough
has douled in bulk , about 1 hour . dough is now ready to be rolled
into a crust about 7 inches in diameter .

recipe by : martha stewart living november 1994

from : hp_walls @ woco.ohio.gov date : mon , 15 jul 1996 14:00:51
~0400 (

yield : 4 servings




cottage cheese dill bread

breads

1/4 to 1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant minced onions
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup creamed cottage cheese , room temper ; ature
1 egg , beaten

makes 1 loaf

vegetable oil or melted butter or margarine

combine 1/4 cup of the water , sugar and yeast . stir to dissolve
yeast and let stand until bubbly , about 5 minutes .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , onions , butter , dill
weed , salt and soda into work bowl . process until mixed , about 15
seconds .

add yeast mixture to flour mixture . process until blended , about 10
seconds .

combine cottage cheese and beaten egg . pour evenly over flour
mixture .

turn on processor and very slowly drizzle just enough remaining water
through feed tube into flour mixture so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl . process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times . turn off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in just enough remaining
water to make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process
until dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

turn dough onto lightly greased surface . shape into a ball and place
in lightly greased bowl , turning to grease all sides . cover loosely
with plastic wrap and let stand in warm place until doubled , about 1
hour .

punch down dough . shape into smooth ball and place on greased cookie
sheet . roll or pat dough into a circle about 8 inches in diameter .
brush with oil and let stand in warm place until almost doubled ,
about 45 minutes .

heat oven to 350 f. bake until evenly brown , 35 - 45 minutes .

remove from cookie sheet . cool on wire rack .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat baguettes

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
2 tablespoon light or dark brown sugar
1 pinch ground ginger
1 1/4 cup warm water ( 105-115'f . )
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup bread flour
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cornmeal for dusting baking sheet

in large bowl , dissolve yeast , brown sugar , and ginger in warm water .
let stand 5 minutes until yeast foams . add salt and bread flour ; beat
well . stir in whole wheat flour to make a stiff dough . turn out onto
lightly floured board and kneed 10 minutes or until dough is springy ,
smooth and satiny . wash bowl , grease it , and add dough to bowl ; turn
over to grease top . let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk ,
about
1 hour .

lightly oil or grease a 14x17 '' baking sheet and sprinkle with
cornmeal ; set aside . punch down the dough . divide in half and , on a
lightly floured surface , shape into long loaves , rolling each piece
first into a 5x12 '' rectangle , then rolling each up along the long
side to make a long , narrow loaf . pinch ends to seal .

place loaves , seam side down , on prepared baking sheet . make 4-5
slashes across each loaf with sharp knife or razor blade . let rise
until doubled , about 45 minutes . brush each loaf with water and
sprinkle with whole wheat flour . bake in a preheated 400'f . oven for
15-20 minutes , until loaves are browned and crisp ; remove to a wire
rack to cool completely .

makes 2 loaves ; serve 16 .

yield : 16 servings




corny mini-muffins

breads

3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3/4 cup all purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup cornoil or light vege oil
3/4 cup cnd whole ker corn , drain

preheat oven 425 , grease three mini-muffin tins . in med bowl combine
cornmeal , flowur , sugar , baking powder , baking soda and salt ; stir to
blend . make well in center , set aside . in small bowl , beat egg ,
buttermilk and oil , pour into well , add corn and

yield : 12 servings




csoroge-hungarian crispy crullers

breads , doughnuts , hungarian

-- -- the art of hungarian cooking -- -
6 egg yolks
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon brandy
1 tablespoon vinegar
2 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup sour cream

add all or enough of flour to egg yolks and sour cream to make a soft
dough . add sugar , salt , brandy and vinegar . knead until smooth . roll
out very thin . cut into diamond shapes . make a slit in center and
pull one end through slit . fry in deep fat until light brown . drain
on absorbent paper . sprinkle generously with powdered sugar .
from `` the art of hungarian cooking '' - from st. emery 's school
building fund- fairfield ct. - 1955 formatted for mm7 by marge nemeth

yield : 1 servings




oatcakes ( bakestone recipes )

breads , breakfast

4 oz medium oatmeal*
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pinch bicarbonate of soda
2 tablespoon melted bacon fat**
2 fl oz hot water***

*grinding down regular rolled oats slightly in a blender or grinder
will be a help . **or beef dripping . ***approximately . -- mix the
oatmeal , salt and soda in a bowl . make a well in the center . pour
in the melted fat and add enough water to make a stiff dough which
can be squeezed into a ball . sprinkle the board and your hands with
oatmeal and knead the mixture until there are no cracks in it .
flatten the ball and roll it out into a round just under 1/4 inch
thick . invert a plate on top and trim off the ragged edges -- these
can be added to the next batch of dough to be rolled . cut the round
into quarters , lift them onto a warmed and greased bakestone and cook
over moderate heat for 20 minutes or until the triangles curl at the
corners . turn and cook the other side for 5 minutes , or finish under
a moderate grill . store the oatcakes in an airtight tin , and toast
under a moderate grill , or in the oven , before serving . -- these are
served with honey , marmalade or jam for breakfast , or with crowdie ( a
slightly sweet highland scots cottage cheese ) for tea . they are
especially good with fried herring or smoked haddock . not to mention
any kind of caviar you can get your hands on .

yield : 8 servings




green mealie bread

breads

3 cup frozen whole-kernel corn , thawed
3 eggs
2 tablespoon each unsalted margarine , melted , an ; d all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1 dash salt

in blender container combine corn , eggs , and margarine and process
until pureed , scraping down sides of container as necessary ( mixture
will be slightly lumpy ) . add remaining ingredients and , using an
on-off motion , process until combined .

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. spray 7 3/8 x 3 5/8 x 2 1/4-inch loaf
pan with nonstick cooking spray ; pour in corn mixture and smooth top .

cover pan with double thickness of foil ; crimp edges to sides of pan
to seal . place pan in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan and fill baking pan
with boiling water to a depth of about 1 inch ; bake in middle of
center oven rack for 1 hour ( until knife , inserted in center of
bread , comes out clean ) . remove pan from oven and loaf pan from water
bath ; remove foil and let stand for 10 minutes . run knife around
edges of bread and unmold onto serving plate .

to serve , cut into 6 equal slices .

makes 6 servings .

yield : 6 servings




scallion cakes

breads , vegetables , chinese

1 lb all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon coarse-grain sea salt or- kosher sa ; lt
5 scallions ; coarsely chopped
5 tablespoon vegetable oil ( or more )

place the flour in a mixing bowl . sprinkle evenly with the baking
powder and sugar . mix with a wooden spoon . add the water gradually ,
stirring and mixing with the wooden spoon . knead the dough for 3-4
minutes . cover it with a damp cloth and leave for half an hour , then
knead again for 2-3 minutes . divide the dough into ten portions and
form into narrow strips 8-10 inches long . flatten the strips with a
rolling pin and ten bands of pancake thickness . sprinkle each band
with salt and then with chopped scallions . roll the bands lengthwise
into long double-thickness spaghetti-shaped strips . hold one end of
the strip and turn the other end around in circles until the
concentric rings form themselves around the center into a spiral
pancake . flatten the pancake with the palm of the hand . repeat until
the dough has been made into ten spiral pancakes .

heat the oil on the bottom of a large flat-bottomed frying pan . when
hot , lift the handle of the frying pan so that the surface of the pan
is evenly greased . place the spiral pancakes on the surface of the
pan . fry over low heat for 2-1/2 to 3 minutes and turn the pancakes
over . repeat and fry gently until the pancakes are evenly browned on
both sides .

source : new chinese vegetarian cooking , by kenneth lo typos by : karen
mintzias

yield : 10 servings




basic cornbread

breads

2 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/3 cup oat flour
1/3 cup millet flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup rice milk
4 tablespoon frozen apple juice
1 concentrate , thawed
3 teaspoon ener-g egg replacer , well
1 beaten with 4 tb . water

preheat oven to 375 degrees . mix the cornmeal , flours and baking
powder together and set aside . mix the remaining ingredients together
and pour over the dry ingredients . fold together briefly . pour into a
nonstick 8-inch square pan . bake for 30 minutes , or until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes out clean .

yield : 8 servings




sook 's buttermilk bisquits

breads

2 cup of plain flour
3/4 teaspoon of baking soda
1/2 teaspoon of salt
4 tablespoon of pure lard
2/3 cup of fresh buttermilk

preheat the oven to 450 degrees . mix the flour , soda , and salt
together . cut in the lard with 2 forks until the mixture has the
appearance of small white gravel .

pour all the buttermilk in at one time .

gently mix , and put the dough on a floured board .

knead 6-7 times

roll to a half inch thickness

cut to desired size ( we use floured water glasses ) and put on a
greased baking sheet

cook 'til golden brown .

yield : 6 servings




bette 's bread pudding with lemon sauce

desserts , bakery

2 1/4 cup day-old egg bread ; cubed , or leftover yell
1 1/2 cup milk
1 egg
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon lemon extract
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
2 tablespoon raisins ; or chopped dates
2 tablespoon pecans ; toasted
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
-- -- lemon sauce -- --
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1/3 cup water
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon to 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel

preheat oven to 325 degrees . spray an 8-inch square pan with
cooking spray . soak bread cubes in 1/2 cup milk . combine egg , sugar ,
lemon extract , cinnamon and nutmeg . beat well . beat in remaining
milk . stir in raisins or dates , pecans and lemon peel . combine egg
mixture with bread . pour pudding into prepared pan set in a larger
pan . add enough hot water to come halfway up sides of pan . bake
40-50 minutes or until pudding is set in center . top each serving
with lemon sauce and a spoonful of whipped cream , if desired .

lemon sauce . in small saucepan combine sugar and cornstarch .
using a wire whisk , gradually whisk in water and continue stirring
until mixture thickens . remove from heat and whisk in butter , lemon
juice and lemon peel .
this recipe comes from the `` lemon cookbook '' by eleanor freemark .
it is perfect for a cold winter 's night or great for breakfast served
with a tall glass of fresh orange juice and your favorite coffee .
bette ... nm .

yield : 4 servings




diamond head bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
1/4 cup butter or margarine
3/4 cup brown sugar , packed
1 egg
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup frozen orange juice concentrate , th ; awed
1 cup crushed pineapple spooned from can ; with juice
1 included
1/2 cup chopped pecans

in a bowl cream butter and sugar , add egg and beat well . add dry
ingredients alternately with orange juice . add pineapple including
juice . add nuts . pour into a well greased loaf pan and bake at 350 f
for 55 to 60 minutes . cool on wire rack .

colorado cache cookbook ( 1978 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




corn sticks or corn bread

breads

1 stephen ceideburg
1 tablespoon bacon drippings or vegetable shorte ; ning
2 cup finely ground white or yellow cornm ; eal
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs , lightly beaten
1 1/2 cup buttermilk or 1 percent milk

preheat oven to 425 degrees .

grease 2 corn stick pans or a 10-inch cast iron skillet with bacon
drippings . for crisp crust , heat greased pans 5 to 10 minutes in
preheated oven , or until batter sizzles when it hits the pan .
meanwhile , stir cornmeal and baking powder with soda in mixing bowl .
beat eggs with buttermilk and stir into dry ingredients . spoon batter
into hot corn stick pans or skillet , and bake 15 to 20 minutes for
corn sticks ; 25 to 30 minutes for corn bread ; or until browned and
pulling from sides of pan . serve immediately .

per corn stick : 105 calories , 3 grams protein , 17 grams carbohydrate ,
2 grams fat , 33 milligrams cholesterol , 87 milligrams sodium .

francis price writing in the oregonian 's foodday , 1/12/93 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 6 servings




sourdough pancakes # 3

breads

2 cup active starter
2 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 each large eggs , well beaten
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 single bacon fat ( 2 - 3 t )

mix well and cook on hot griddle . note : this is good recipe for
camping . instead of fresh eggs , you can use 1 t powdered eggs .

yield : 6 servings




corn dodgers

breads

2 cup whole ground self-rising cornmeal
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoon melted shortening
1 cup plus 2 tb , buttermilk

preheat oven to 450 degrees . grease a large black iron skillet and
place in oven to heat . measure cornmeal and soda into a bowl ; add
melted shortening and buttermilk . beat thoroughly to blend .

dip hands into bowl of cool water and shape mixture into
golf-ball-size rounds ; pull fingers across the top to shape into
disks , leaving ridges on top . place in hot skillet and bake about 25
minutes , or until dark brown and crusty .

yield : 12 servings




ranch cornbread

breads

1 cup cornmeal
1 cup all purpose flour
1 tablespoon plus 1 t baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup milk
2 eggs , beaten
1/2 cup diced cooked ham
1/2 cup sharp cheddar cheese
1/2 cup bell pepper , chopped
1/4 cup chopped pimiento

combine dry ingredients ; add milk and eggs , mixing well . stir in
remaining ingredients . heat a well greased 9 inch cast-iron skillet
in a 400 oven for 3 minutes or until very hot . pour batter into hot
skillet . bake at 425 for 30 minutes or until golden brown .

yield : 8 servings




oakcakes

breads

1 pint mixed milk and water
1 oz yeast
6 oz fine oatmeal
3 oz plain flour
1 teaspoon salt ( or slightly less )

mix the flour , salt and oatmeal . warm the liquid and stir in
gradually to make a smooth batter . crumble in the yeast , stir gently
and leave to stand in a warm place for 20 mins . stir again and cook
in a stong , well greased frying pan . pour in enough batter to cover
the base fairly thinly and trun out when cooked .

remarks : this recipe is heavily adapted , but works . traditionally the
oat cakes were cooked on a ` backstone ' - a stone or iron sheet , over
an open fire . it is still possible in some places in yorkshire to buy
a ` girdle ' , a cast iron sheet , about 12 in diameter , with a hoop
handle - these are ideal . when cooked , the oatcakes where hung on
plain wooden rack suspended from the ceiling , known as bread fleaks .
the oatcakes were eaten either fresh or dried .

they can be fried with bacon , or suttered and eaten alone with cheese ,
treacle , golden syrup etc .

yield : 1 servings




wheat germ biscuits

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup wheat germ
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 c shortening
1/4 cup milk

combine flour , wheat germ , baking powder , and salt in a medium bowl ;
cut in shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles
coarse meal . add milk ; stir until dry ingredients are moistened . turn
dough out onto a well floured surface , and knead 5 to 6 times . roll
dough to 1/2 inch thickness ; cut with a 2-inch biscuit cutter . place
on a lightly greased baking sheet . bake at 450 degrees for 10 to 12
minutes or until biscuits are lightly brow

yield : 1 servings




nacho grande corn bread squares

breads

2 tablespoon ornmeal
1 1/2 oz cornbread twists**
15 1/2 oz pinto beans*
3 tablespoon chili powder
2 1/2 oz jar sliced mushrooms ; draine
1/2 cup alapeno peppers ; sliced
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1 cup chopped seeded tomatoes
1 cup light sour cream
1/2 cup sliced green onions
2 1/4 oz sliced ripe olives , drained

* drained , reserving 3 t of the liquid . ** pillsbury refrigerated
cornbread twists is anyone out there like me ? i love the bake-off
cookbooks published every year after the contest is over . this year 's
had some great recipes in it and i will post two for those who didnt
get the book . this on is from linda sue burlingame and is wonderful .
heat oven to 350 , grease 13x9 pan : sprinkle with cornmeal . unroll
dough . press into bottom and 1/4 inch up sides of pan to form crust ;
firmly press perforations to seal . bake for 14-19 minutes or until
golden brown . remove . increase oven temp . to 400 . meanwhile in small
bowl mash beans with fork , stir in reserved bean liquid and chili
powder , mix well . spread evenly over baked crust . top with mushrooms ,
tomatoes and jalapeno pepper slices . sprinkle with cheese . bake at
400 for 5 to 10 minutes or until cheese melts . cut squares and top
each with sour cream , green onions and sliced olives . serves 6 or
makes 12 appetizers .
enjoy

yield : 1 servings




cherokee corn pones

breads

2 cup cornmeal
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
3/4 cup buttermilk
3/4 cup milk
1 butter

combine cornmeal , baking soda , and salt ; cut in shortening until
mixture resembles coarse meal . add buttermilk and milk , stirring
just until dry ingreients are moistened . form batter into eight 1/2
inch thick cakes . place on a hot greased griddle . bake at 400 degrees
for 15 minutes . turn and bake an additional 15 minutes . serve hot
with butter .

yield : 8 servings




sidney 's cornbread

breads , cajun

1/2 cup sifted flour
1 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
3 teaspoon baking powder
3 eggs , beaten lightly
1 cup milk
1/4 cup cream
1/2 cup butter , melted

sift the dry ingredients together in a bowl . add the eggs and milk
and beat with a spoon until the mixture is just moist . beat in the
cream and melted butter . ( do not overbeat . ) pour the batter into an 8
1/2 x 11-inch buttered pan . bake at 400-degrees for 15 to
20 minutes .

yield : approximately 12 pieces .

[ the legends of louisisna cookbook ; sheila ainbinder ; isbn
0-671-70817-1 ]

yield : 6 servings




old-fashioned graham crackers

breads , cookies

4 tablespoon butter ; softened
1/3 cup sugar
3 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon light molasses
1 egg
1 1/2 cup graham flour
3/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

adjust rack to lower third of oven , preheat to 350f . lightly grease a
baking sheet or line it with parchment paper . cream butter with sugar
until creamy . add molasses and honey , then beat in the egg until well
blended . stir in the flours , salt and baking soda until thoroughly
combined . dust a work surface generously with graham flour . roll half
the dough into a rectangle 1/8 '' thick .

using a ruler and a knife , cut the dough into 3 '' squares . lift the
squares onto the baking sheet . prick each square with the tines of a
fork to form a line down the center . roll out , cut and prick
remaining dough . bake crackers 8 minutes , then carefully turn over
and bake and additional 5-6 minutes . cool on a wire rack . store in
airtight tins .

per cracker : calories : 80 , protein : 2 g , carbohydrate : 14 g , fat : 2 g ,
saturated fat : 1 g , cholesterol : 14 mg , sodium : 81 mg , fiber : 1 g .

source : san francisco chronicle typed by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 2 dozen




cornmeal sage biscuits

breads

1 1/4 cup white flour
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 3/4 teaspoon minced fresh sage
4 tablespoon margarine or veg . oil
2/3 cup apple juice ( or more )
1 egg white ; lightly beaten
14 small fresh sage leaves or very small s ; age leaves

combine first 6 ingredients in a medium bowl ; cut in margarine with
pastry blender or two knives until pieces are the size of peas . with
a fork , lightly stir in 2/3 cup of juice until dough is moistened and
pulls away from sides of bowl . if it seems to dry , add a bit more
apple juice . dump dough onto lightly floured board and roll lightly
to 3/4-inch thickness . fold in thirds , roll lightly , and fold in
thirds again . roll out to 1/2-inch thickness . cut into rounds with 1
1/2-inch or 2-inch cookie cutter . gather cuttings , reroll lightly ,
and cut more biscuits . place biscuits , touching , on a cookie sheet .

dip each sage leaf lightly in the egg white and place one on top of
each biscuit . bake at 425~ f 12 minutes or until lightly browned .

serve with chutney or a wild grape jelly or filled with tiny , thinly
sliced pieces of turkey or with turkey salad .

fm : michael aichlmayr/staff 71660,3540

yield : 14 servings




pumpkin scones

breads , australian

1 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg
2 cup flour , self-raising
1 cup pumpkin , cooked ( cold ) , mashed
1/8 teaspoon salt

grease a scone tray or baking tray . cream together the butter and sugar
until light and fluffy . add egg and beat well .

add pumpkin , flour and salt and fold in by hand . knead lightly and cut
into 1-inch squares . place close together on the scone tray and bake at 425
degrees f. until well risen and golden on top ( about 15 minutes ) . serve
hot , with butter .

notes :

* pumpkin scones -- scones ( pronounced with a short ` o ' , rhymes with
` fonz ' ) are a popular accompaniment to afternoon tea . they are often served
with jam and whipped cream . in this variation the scones are flavoured with
pumpkin . it is not a typical scone recipe .

pumpkin scones can be eaten in place of bread with a meal . this recipe was
made famous by the wife of the premier of queensland . yield : serves 4-6 .

* to an australian , a pumpkin is a large round , squat , green or blue-green
vegetable that is orange on the inside . there are many varieties , all of
species cucurbita maxima . in north america a good substitute is acorn
squash ( cucurbita pepo ) ; elsewhere a butternut squash ( caryoka nuciferum )
would be a fair substitute .

: difficulty : easy .
: time : 15 minutes preparation , 15 minutes baking .
: precision : approximate measurement ok .

: bob @ basser.oz ( bob kummerfeld )
: dept of computer science ,
: university of sydney , australia .

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 4 servings




crockpot stuffing

breads , crockpot

1/3 cup margerine
1 cup chopped onion
1 cup chopped celery
1/2 teaspoon poultry seasoning
2 tablespoon chopped parsley
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon sage
1/4 teaspoon thyme or marjarom
8 oz canned mushrooms
6 1/2 cup bread cubes , dry
10 1/2 oz can cream of chicken soup
-- -- with water added to equal -- --
-- -- 2 cups -- --
1 egg , well beaten

saute onions , celery and mushrooms in margerine until tender ,
approximately 7 minutes . combine all ingredients . add egg last . pour
mixture into crockpot , cover , cook on high 45 minutes . turn heat to
low for 5 to 8 hours . determine if you should use full amount of
liquid by the moistness of the cubes . for large recipe 13 to 14 cups ,
double all ingredients except soup .

note : from jean allen ( grdg72b ) prodigy december 29 , 1991 .

yield : 7 servings




pagach ( ukrainian potato bread )

breads , vegetables , ethnic

1 dough :
2 1/2 cup flour
1 cup warm water
1 pkg yeast
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 filling :
1 large onion peeled and sliced
1 medium head of cabbage shredded
1/2 cup oil
1 salt and pepper

dissolve yeast in the water . add salt and 2 1/2 cups flour and knead
smooth and elastic , adding more flour as needed . place dough on
countertop , cover with stainless steel bowl . allow to rise double in
bulk . make filling : saute onion in oil until soft . add shredded
cabbage and salt and pepper and cover and cook until cabbage is
tender and soft . drain off any excess oil . punch down dough and
divide into 2 parts . roll out dough into an 18 x 12 inch
rectangle.place cooled filling on one side of rectangle , leaving a 2
inch margin from the edges . fold the other half of dough over the
filling so you have a turnover , 9 x 12 inches . pat the top of the
dough down lightly on the filling . carefully pinch edges together .
brush oil over the top of the dough and sprinkle with salt or garlic
salt . place on greased baking sheet . let rise double . bake 400 for 30
minutes or golden .

yield : 8 servings




beef with yogurt in pita bread ( fetes vodines

breads , beef

1/2 cup dry red wine
2 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil
2 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 dash of pepper
1 lb beef flank steak
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
4 pitas
3 cup chopped lettuce
1 cup peeled , seeded and diced cucumber
1 cup chopped tomato
1 cup plain yogurt

serves 4

combine wine , oil , garlic , oregano , salt , and pepper . cut steak into
strips , 2-inches by 1/4-inch wide , or as thin as possible . pour wine
marinade over beef strips , and let stand for 1 hour at room
temperature . drain meat strips and cook , in two batches , in hot
butter , stirring , for 2 to 3 minutes or until brown on all sides .
serve meat in a chafing dish or on a hot tray to keep warm . open one
end of pita to make a pocket . set out dishes of lettuce , tomato ,
cucumber , and yogurt . allow each person to fill his own pita .

from the complete book of greek cooking , by the recipe club of saint
paul 's greek orthodox cathedral , harper and row , ny , c1990 .

posted by howard wittenberg , prodigy id # bcwx27a .

yield : 4 servings




schiacciata al prosciutto

breads , italian

1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cup flour , approximately
1 egg
1/2 cup milk ; at room temperature
1/4 cup chopped prosciutto
1 freshly ground black pepper
1 tablespoon oil

preheat oven to 425f . dissolve yeast in 2 tablespoons warm water
( 125f ) in a small bowl . stir in 1 tablespoon flour . cover bowl with
plastic wrap and let sit in a warm place for 1 hour . put salt and 1
3/4 cup flour in a large mixing bowl . break the egg in a measuring
cup and add enough milk to make 2/3 cup . add this to the flour , along
with yeast mixture . mix well , adding more flour if necessary , to make
a soft dough . add the chopped prosciutto and 5 to 6 grindings of
pepper . knead briefly . oil a 10-inch round pan . wet hands and press
dough into it until entire pan is covered more or less evenly to a
thickness of about 1/4 inch . cover and leave in a warm place 30
minutes . bake schiacciata 20 minutes , until crust is golden . cool on
a rack and serve slightly warm or at room temperature .

yield : 4 servings




bagels ( water type )

breads

1 pkg yeast , active dry
2 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 3/4 cup flour , all-purpose
2 quart water

dissolve yeast in 1 cup warm water in large mixing bowl . stir in
sugar , salt , and 1 2/4 cups of flour . beat till smooth . stir
inremaining flour . turn dough onto lightly floured surface ; knead
untilsmooth and elastic ( about 10 minutes ) . place in greased bowl ;
turn greased side up . turn over and let rise in warm place until
double ( about 15 minutes ) .

dough is ready if an indentation remains when touched . punch down
dough ; divide into 8 equal parts . roll each part into a rope 6 inches
long ; moisten ends with water and pinch together to form a circle .
or , shape each part into a smooth ball ; punch hole in center and roll
gently to enlarge hole and make uniform shape . let rise for 20
minutes

heat oven to 375f . heat 2 qts . water to boiling in large kettle .
reduce heat ; add 4 bagels . simmer for 7 minutes , turning once .
drain on kitchen towel . repeat with remaining bagels , simmering four
at a time .

variation : egg bagels : increase total amount of flour to 4 cups .
knead for 5 minutes . let rise until double ( about 45 minutes ) . divide
dough into 16 equal parts ; shape ; and let rise as directed . add 2 t
sugar to boiling water . simmer for 4 minutes , turning once . beat 1
egg yolk and 1 t. water slightly ; brush over simmering bagels . bake
as directed .

makes 16 bagels

from `` betty crocker 's breads , '' ( c ) general mills , 1974 , pub . by olden
press .

courtesy of donna ransdell .

yield : 16 servings




cornmeal biscuits

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup yellow cornmeal
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup shortening
3/4 cup milk

combine flour , cornmeal , baking powder , and salt ; stir well . cut in
shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal .
sprinkle milk evenly over flour mixture , stirring just until dry
ingredients are moistened . turn dough out onto a lightly floured
surface , and knead 10 to 12 times . roll dough to 1/2 inch thickness ;
cut with a 2 inch biscuit cutter . place biscuits on greased baking
sheets . bake at 450 for 10 minutes or until biscuits are lightly
browned .

yield : 24 servings




red lobster cheese garlic biscuits

breads

2 cup bisquick baking mix
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese --
1 ( 2 oz . )
1/4 cup margarine or butter --
1 melted
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder

mix bisquick thru cheese until soft dough forms ; beat vigorously for
30 seconds . drop dough by spoonful into ungreased cookie sheet . bake
8-10 minutes or until golden . mix melted butter or margarine and
garlic powder ; brush over warm biscuits before removing from cookie
sheet . serve warm . makes 10-12 biscuits.preheat oven to 450 .

posted in kitmail by donna j hamilton < donna.hamilton @ asu.edu .

recipe by :

from : jean @ mcc2.sws.uiuc.edu ( jean denndate : 16 apr 1996 21:37:58 gmt

yield : 10 servings




pimiento cheese bread

breads

1 *ingredients*
3 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground marjoram
1/4 teaspoon ground thyme
1 cup milk
1/2 cup sharp cheddar cheese ( 1-1/2 oz )
1/4 cup pimiento , finely chopped
1 pkg dry yeast
2 tablespoon warm water ( 105 to 115 degrees )
3 3/4 cup all-purpose flour ( 3-1/4 to 3-3/4 c ; ups )
1 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted

*directions*

combine first 6 ingredients in a medium saucepan ; gradually stir in
milk . cook over medium heat , stirring constantly , until mixture is
thickened and smooth . remove from heat ; add cheese and pimiento ,
stirring until cheese melts . cool mixture to lukewarm ( 105 to 115
degrees ) .

dissolve yeast in warm water ; add to cooled cheese mixture . gradually
add 3 cups flour , beating at medium speed of an electric mixer until
dough is smooth . stir in enough remaining flour to form a stiff dough .

turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and knead until smooth
and elastic ( about 5 to 10 minutes ) . place dough in a greased bowl ,
turning to grease top . cover and let rise in a warm place ( 85
degrees ) , free from drafts , 1 hour , or until doubled in bulk .

punch dough down , and shape into a loaf . place in a greased 9x5x3-inch
loafpan . cover and let rise in a warm place , free from drafts , 1 hour
or until doubled in bulk .

brush top with 1 tablespoon melted butter . bake at 350 degrees for 35
to 40 minutes or until loaf sounds hollow when tapped . remove loaf
from pan , and cool on a wire rack .

yields 1 loaf .

source : `` southern living : 1986 annual recipes '' oxmoor house , 1986 .

shared by : june hoffman , 7/93

yield : 6 servings




kuchen

breads

1 each yeast cake ; loose - softene d
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup lard and butter ; mixed
1 cup milk
4 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
3 each eggs ; well beaten
1 sour cream
1 sugar
1 cinnamon

sift flour and put in large kettle . add sugar , salt ,
melted lard and butter , milk , yeast and eggs . mix well
and let stand to rise . mix down with spoon , let rise
again . put into pans , let rise . when ready to put into
oven , cover with thick sour cream , sugar and cinnamon .
bake at 350 f. about 40 minutes .

source : ella rider , parma grange , cuyahoga county , oh

yield : 1 servings




croissants ( kh )

breads

1 cup milk
1 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg compressed or active dry
1 yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 105 to 115 )
2 3/4 to 3 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup ( 1/2 pound ) butter ,
1 softened
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon milk

heat 1 cup milk , oil , sugar , and salt in a saucepan ; cool to lukewanm .
dissolve yeast in warm water in a large bowl . add milk mixture and 1
cup flour ; beat until smooth . stir in enough remaining flour to make
a soft dough . turn dough onto a floured surface ; continue to work in
flour until dough can be kneaded . knead until smooth and elastic
( about 5 minutes ) . shape dough into a ball and place in an oiled
bowl ; turn to oil top of dough . cover ; let rise in a warm place until
double in bulk ( about 45 minutes ) . punch dough down . roll out on
floured surface to form a rectangle about l/4 inch thick . cut butter
in slices ( just soft enough to spread but not melted ) . spread over
center one-third section of rectangle . fold each extending side of
butter , pressing together the open edges to seal . roll out again
until rectangle is 3/8 inch thick . turn dough occasionally , flouring
surface lightly to prevent sticking . fold in thirds again to make a
squarish rectangle . roll dough and fold again in the same manner .
wrap dough in waxed paper or foil ; chill 30 minutes . if at any time
dough oozes butter and becomes sticky while rolling , chill until
butter is more firm . roll and fold again 2 more times exactly as
directed before . chill dough again another 30 minutes . roll dough
into a rectangle about 1/8 inch thick . cut into strips 6 inches wide .
cut triangles out of each strip to measure about 6x8x6 inches . roll
up each triangle of dough from a 6-inch edge , pinching tip to seal .
shape each roll into a crescent . place , point down , 1 1/2 inches
apart on ungreased baking sheet . cover ; let rise until double in bulk
( 30 to 45 minutes ) . brush each roll with mixture of egg yolk and 1
tablespoon milk . bake at 425f 15 minutes , or until brown . remove from
baking sheet and cool on wire rack . serve warm .

yield : 1 servings




sourdough dresden-style german stollen

breads , sourdough , german

1/3 cup candied orange peel
1 finely chopped
1/2 cup milk
2 cup sourdough starter sponge*
1/2 cup golden raisins
1/2 cup seedless raisins
1/2 cup currants
1/2 cup slivered almonds
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon almond flavoring
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
5 cup all-purpose flour , unsifted
1 egg white , beat w/1 tb water
1/4 cup butter , melted
1/3 cup powdered sugar
1 ( more or less )
2 eggs

in small pan combine milk , butter and sugar . place over medium heat
and bring mixture to scalding , stirring to dissolve the sugar . set
aside to cool . beat the eggs into the cooled mixture ; add this
mixture to the 2 cups of sourdough starter , beat until well blended .
add salt , almond flavoring , lemon peel and 3 cups of the flour . mix
until well-blended . stir in orange peel , raisins , currants and
almonds . add enough flour to knead . turn out onto a floured board
and knead until smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . turn dough over
in a greased bowl . cover and let rise in a warm place until double
in size . punch dough down ; divide in half . on a lightly greased
baking sheet shape the dough , each half , into a 7x9-inch oval , about
1 inch thick . brush the surface with some of the egg-white mixture ,
then crease ovals and fold them lengthwise , but not all the way over
leaving a 2 '' lap on bottom . brush top with egg-white mixture . cover
and let rise until double in size . bake in 375f oven for 40 minutes
or until richly browned . brush top with melted butter and sift the
powdered sugar over top . return stollens to oven and beke 3 minutes
longer to set sugar . cool on wire racks . *take sourdough starter out
of refrigerator the night before and mix with 2 cups water , 2 cups
flour and 1 tablespoon sugar . cover . let set overnight . next
morning put original amount of starter back in refrigerator and use
the rest for the stollen .

yield : 2 loaves




dark moist bran muffins

breads

2 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup bran flakes
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk
1 egg
1/2 cup dark molasses
2 tablespoon melted butter or margarine

combine flour , bran , sugar , salt and soda and mix well . combine
buttermilk , egg , molasses and butter and add all at once to dry
ingredients . stir just enough to moisten flour mixture . fill greased
muffin cups 2/3 full and bake at 350f 20 to 25 minutes .

( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 24 servings




walnut apricot bread tspn00b

breads

3 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
3 cup flour
1/2 cup brown sugar ; firm packed
1 cup dried apricots ; cut-up
2/3 cup walnut meats
1 cup milk
1 egg ; well-beaten
4 tablespoon butter

sift the baking powder , salt , and flour together ; sift once more . add
the sugar and mix again ; then add the apricots and the nuts . combine
the milk , egg , and butter , and beat lightly ; add this to the flour
mixture and blend well . bake in a buttered loaf pan in a 350 oven
for one hour . from : kate smith 's `` company 's coming '' cookbook -- lisa
crawley tspn00b

yield : 12 servings




laal roti

breads , indian

1 1/2 cup flour , whole wheat
1 medium beet ; finely grated
2 teaspoon vegetable oil ; or ghee salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon cardamom ; powder
1 vegetable oil ; or ghee for shallow fryin
1 flour ; extra water for kneading
-- -- variation : mitha laal roti -- --
50 gm sugar , castor ; or jaggery* grated

sift whole wheat flour in a bowl . dd salt , 2 tsp oil or ghee , cardamom
powder and grated beet ( beetroot ) , mix well . add water , knead to a
smooth dough . divide the dough into 9 equal portions , shape them into
round balls . flatten and roll out each ball into a disc of 5 '' ( 12 cm )
diameter . dust with extra flour . heat a griddle on a slow ( low ) fire .
cook one at a time , using 2 to 3 tbsp oil or ghee . shallow fry the
rotis by turning once or twice until both sides are cooked and turn
lightly brown . variation : mitha laal roti take the same ingredients
as recipe of laal roti . add 50 gm castor sugar* ( fine granulated
sugar ) or grated jaggery ( a brown sugar available in indian
groceries ) before kneading with water and proceed the same way as
directed . children love this roti .

yield : 9 roti




chocolate bread 2

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup warm water
1 cup warm water
4 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup dutch process cocoa , unsweetened
2 teaspoon salt
1 egg , lightly beaten
2 tablespoon sweet butter , at room temperature
1 cup chocolate morsels

combine the yeast with half the sugar and the first measure of warm
( 110 degree ) water . let stand until foamy ( about 3 minutes ) . combine
the flour , cocoa and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer . use a
wooden spoon to stir in the yeast mixture , the butter , remaining
sugar and the second measure of water . fit the mixer with a dough
hook and knead the dough at medium speed until the dough is smooth
and supple ( about 10 minutes ) . turn out onto a lightly floured board .
knead by hand for 1 minute , adding more flour if needed . the dough
must be quite firm , not sticky , as it must stand on its own . knead in
the chocolate morsels . place the dough in the mixing bowl . cover with
greased plastic wrap . let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk
( 1-1 1/2 hours ) . grease the baking pan . turn the dough out . punch
down . knead for 1 minute to expel air . let rest for 5 minutes . form
into an 8 '' x 4 '' oval . place on the baking pan . preheat the oven to
400 degrees . cover loosely with greased plastic wrap . let rise until
doubled in bulk ( about 1 hour ) . place the baking pan on the middle
rack of the oven . bake for 15 minutes . reduce oven temperature to 375
degrees . bake for another 25 minutes . cool on a rack . serve with
sweet butter .

yield : 1 loaf




spicy corn bread

breads , mexican

1 large green chili , chopped
1 lb chorizo , coarsely chopped
1 ( or other spicy sausage )
1 large onion , chopped
3 tablespoon butter
3 eggs
1 cup sour cream
1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
1/2 cup maple syrup
1 cup milk
1 cup monterey jack , grated
3 ears of fresh cooked corn
1 kernels only

saute chili until skin is charred ; set aside . fry chopped chorizo 10
minutes ; discard fat ; set aside . saute onion in butter for 10
minutes ; set aside . chop chili into small pieces . in a separate
bowl , beat eggs and sour cream until smooth ; stir in chili , sausage ,
and onion . in another bowl , combine cornmeal , flour , baking soda , and
baking powder . stir in sausage mix , soy sauce , and maple syrup ,
stirring just until blended . add in milk , cheese and corn kernels .
pour into lightly oiled 9 '' square baking dish . bake at 350 degrees
until top is browned and splitting , usually 30 to 45 minutes .

yield : 6 servings




whipping cream biscuits

breads , biscuits

2 cup self-rising flour
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup whipping cream

combine all ingredients ; mix well . ( dough will be stiff . ) turn dough
out on a lightly floured surface , and knead 10 or 12 times .

roll dough to 3/8 inch thickness ; cut with a 2 inch biscuit cutter .
place biscuits on a lighlty greased baking sheet ; bake at 450 degrees
for 10 to 12 minutes .

source : southern living magazine , sometime in 1980 . typed for you by
nancy coleman .

yield : 18 biscuits




corn griddle cakes

breads , cakes , bakery

1 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup liquid egg replacer
3/4 cup soy milk
1/2 cup non-dairy sour cream
1 1/2 cup corn kernels

in a large bowl , combine cornmeal , flour , soda & salt . set aside . in a
small bowl , combine the egg replacer , soy milk & `` sour cream '' . pour
into the dry ingredients & stir until just moistened . fold in the
corn .

lightly oil a large skillet & heat over medium high heat . ladle
batter into pan & cook until brown on both sides . serve immediately .

`` vegetarian gourmet '' summer , 1995

yield : 4 servings




seeded bread sticks

breads

1 tablespoon dried yeast
1/2 cup warm water
4 teaspoon honey
1/2 cup butter , chopped
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup water
1 egg , beaten
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 egg
1 caraway , sesame and poppy seeds

in a small bowl mix together yeast , warm water and 1 teaspoon honey .
set aside and allow yeast to become foamy . in a saucepan , combine
butter , remaining 3 teaspoons honey , salt and water . heat gently
until butter and honey melt . pour liquid into large warmed bowl . stir
beaten egg and yeast into mixture .

beat in flour . do not knead dough . cover and place in refrigerator
until cold . divide dough into 12 pieces . on a floured board , roll
each piece to a 12-inch length . cut in halves lengthways . place
lengths on greased cookie sheets about 4-inches apart .

in a small bowl beat remaining egg with 1 teaspoon water . brush egg
over lengths . sprinkle with seeds . let rise in a warm place for 30
minutes , or until not quite doubled in size . preheat oven to 425 f
( 220 c ) . bake bread sticks 15 minutes , or until golden brown . cool on
a wire rack .

makes 24 sticks .

source : gifts from the pantry by annette grimsdale

shared by kaitlin young

yield : 24 servings




sherry sugar fingers

biscuits

1 1/2 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter , cold unsalted , cut i
1/4 cup sugar ; brown
1/4 cup sugar , white plus some more
1 egg , large beaten
3 1/2 tablespoon sherry or brandy flavoring a

sift together the flour and salt . cut in the butter ; add the brown
sugar , the granulated sugar and sherry or brandy flavoring . chill for
one hour in a plastic wrap . roll out the dough 1/4 inch thick and cut
into 2 1/2 by 1 inch fingers . prick with fork , brush with the beaten
egg and sprinkle with sugar . transfer by spatula to buttered baking
sheet and bake in 375 degree oven for 15 minutes . cool . makes about
36 cookies .

yield : 1 servings




rich tea biscuits

breads

2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup shortening
2/3 cup milk
1 egg , beaten

1 . preheat oven to 450~ . in medium bow , mix flour , baking powder ,
and 1 teaspoon salt . with pastry blender or two knives , cut in
shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . with fork , stir in
milk just until mixture forms a soft dough and leaves side of bowl .

2 . on lightly floured surface with floured hands , knead dough 10
times . pat dough 3/4 inch thick . with floured round cookie cutter ( 3
1/2 '' ) , cut out as many biscuits as possible . place biscuits , about
1/2 inch apart , on large cookie sheet . press dough trimmings
together ; pat and cut as above .

3 . brush biscuits with beaten egg . bake 12 to 15 minutes until
golden .

yield : 5 servings




zucchini bread ( m_c-tx ) ( 05/10/93 )

breads

3 eggs
3/4 cup oil
2 cup sugar
2 cup raw zucchini
2 cup flour
1 cup chopped nuts
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
3 teaspoon vanilla

beat eggs , add sugar , oil and zucchini . in separate bowl add al dry
ingredients and sift into sugar mixture . add vanilla and nuts . pour
into 2 greased loaf pans and bake 45 minutes at 350 . ( fills 3 mini
pans - bake same length of time ) .

yield : 20 servings




pita pocket bread

breads

-- -- lisa crawley -- --
3/4 cup to 1 c warm water
1 pkg dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 3/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon veg . oil

combine 1/4 c water , yeast adn sugar . stir to dissolve yeast and let
stand until bubbly , about 5 min . fit porcessor w/ steel blade .
measure flour , salt and oil into work bowl . process on/off to mix .
add yeast mixture to flour mixture . process til blended , about 10
sec . turn on processor and very slowly drizzle just enough remaining
water through feed tube into flour mixture so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl . process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times . turn off processor and let dough stand 1-2 minutes .
turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft , smooth , and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times . let dough stand , covered , in
work bowl at rm . temp . until almost doubled , 45-60 min . process
on/off to punch down . turn dough onto lightly floured surface . divide
dough into 8 equal parts . shape each part into a ball . roll out each
part into circle 6 inches in diameter and place on ungreased , floured
cookie sheet . cover loosely w/ plastic wrap and let stand in warm
place until almost doubled , about 45 min . heat oven to 500 degrees .
bake until lightly browned and puffy , 5-7 min . remove from cookie
sheet and place on paper toweling . cool . from : food processor bread
book/l.crawley

yield : 8 servings




oat bran russian black bread

breads

3 tablespoon dry yeast
1 teaspoon sucanat*
1 cup warm water
3/4 cup rye flour
2 cup wholewheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup oatbran
1 tablespoon carob or cocoa powder
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
2 tablespoon cider vinegar
2 tablespoon dark molasses
2 tablespoon corn oil
1 tablespoon minced onion

dissolve yeast & sucanat in about 1/2 c water & set aside till yeast
is foamy .

combine rye flour , wholewheat flour , salt , oatbran , carob , carawy &
fennel seeds .

in a separate bowl , combine the vinegar , molasses , oil & onion . add
wet ingredients to the dry ingredients & blend well . add yeast & mix
well . if the dough is too stiff or dry , add more water . if too sticky
add more flour . turn dough out onto a floured surface ; flatten it
out ; shape it into a round , shallow loaf . place loaf on a lightly
oiled baking sheet , brush dough with oil & let it rise in a warm spot
until the dough holds an imprint when gently touched ( about 30
minutes ) . bake at 375f for 35 to 40 minutes & cool on a wire rack .
lightly brush the top with oil .

ron pickarski , `` friendly foods ''

yield : 1 servings




herb-oatmeal bread ( clay-pot )

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
3 tablespoon honey
1 1/2 tablespoon salt
2 cup water
3/4 cup oatmeal ; not instant
2 tablespoon sour cream
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon celery seeds
1 teaspoon poppy seeds
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
1 tablespoon fresh sage ; chopped
1 tablespoon fresh basil ; chopped
1/2 teaspoon dill ; dried
1 egg ; beaten
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
1/2 cup pine nuts
4 cup all-purpose flour

combine the yeast , honey and salt with 1 cup lukewarm ( not hot ) water
and set aside . ( remember : if the water is too hot it will kill the
growing yeast . )

heat 1 cup water to boiling , and add the oatmeal and sour cream .
simmer , covered , for 10 minutes , then remove from the heat and cool
to lukewarm . combine the whole-wheat flour , seeds , and herbs in a
large mixing bowl . add the oatmeal and yeast mixtures and beat until
well blended . add beaten egg and melted butter and beat several times
again . add the pine nuts , then add 3 cups of the all-purpose flour ,
one cup at a time , beating between each addition until a fairly stiff
dough is developed .

spread the remaining all-purpose flour on a board and knead the dough
into it thoroughly , about a dozen times , then put the dough in a
large , well-greased bowl and cover with a damp cloth . set to rise in
a warm place until double its original bulk ( about 1 hour ) .

just before the end of the rising time , presoak 2 clay pots , top and
bottom , in hot water for 15 minutes . ( we use 2 pots in order to bake
each loaf separately . )

place the risen dough on a floured board , divide , and shape into 2
loaves . before putting the loaves in the presoaked pots , put a small
piece of aluminum foil , just large enough to cover the bottom of the
loaf , on the bottom of each pot . ( this keeps the bread from sticking
to the pot . ) place the dough inside the pots , cover , and allow to
rise until almost doubled in bulk ( about 45 minutes ) . ( i wrapped the
pot in a wet towel to keep it from drying out too soon . )

cover the pots and put them in a cold oven .

set the oven temperature at 480 degrees . bake for 40 minutes . if
necessary , remove lid for the last 5 minutes of baking to get a
golden brown crust .

source : `` the clay-pot cookbook '' by georgia macleod sales and grover
sales

note : this is the best bread i 've made in a long time . high loaf ,
light , and with a very crisp crust and moist inside . pine nuts do n't
add much to it and could be left out . had a problem with it sticking
to the pot ( my clay pot has a semi-glazed bottom which i greased very
lightly with shortening , and it still stuck in spots ) .

yield : 2 loaves




crusty cheddar bread

breads , cheese , yeast bread

1 pkg active dry yeast ; or
1 tablespoon active dry yeast ; bulk
1/4 cup water ; warm , 110-115 deg . f .
1 cup cottage cheese ; *
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 each egg ; lg .
2 1/4 cup unbleached flour ; unsifted , *
1 tablespoon butter ; room temperature
1 cup cheddar ; sharp , grated

* the cottage cheese should be the small curd kind at room
temperature . ** you can use up to an extra 1/4 cup of flour in this
recipe depending on
the weather .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++ sprinkle the yeast over the warm water and let stand 5 minutes .
gently stir to completely dissolve . with an electric mixer , blend
the softened yeast into the cottage cheese , sugar , salt and egg . add
the flour in 1/2 cup portions to form a stiff but light dough and let
rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk . butter a 1 1/2 quart
casserole dish and stir the dough down , then add 1 cup of the grated
cheddar cheese . turn into the buttered dish . let rise 30 to 40
minutes longer or until almost doubled in size . preheat the oven to
350 degrees f. and bake for 40 to 50 minutes or until golden brown .
brush the top with butter .

yield : 4 servings




honey and lemon balm tea biscuits

breads , herbs

1 cup butter
1 cup honey
3 eggs
3 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon milk
2 teaspoon lemon flavoring or- lemon juice
4 sprigs fresh lemon balm - chopped

thoroughly cream the butter and honey . add eggs and beat well . add
the dry ingredients , then the milk , flavoring , and lemon balm . drop
by spoonfuls on an ungreased baking sheet and bake 8 to 10 minutes at
375 f .

source : rhonda l. brunea , forestville , new york the herb companion -
june/july 1993 typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 servings




graham granola bread

breads

1 1/2 envelopes dry yeast or 1 1/2 cakes ; fresh yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup warm water
1 cup water
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) unsalted butter
1/4 cup honey or firmly packed brown sugar
1 1/4 cup graham or whole wheat flour
1 cup granola , finely ground in processor ; or blender
1/2 cup rolled oats
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg , room temperature
3 1/2 to 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour or ; bread flour

makes 2 loaves

sprinkle dry yeast and sugar over 1/2 cup warm water ( 105 - 115 f ) in
small bowl and stir to dissolve . if using cake yeast , crumble into
small bowl . stir in sugar and 1/2 cup lukewarm water ( 95 f ) . let
mixture stand until foamy , about 10 minutes .

meanwhile , heat 1 cup water , buttermilk , butter and honey in heavy
small saucepan to lukewarm ( 95 f ) , stirring until butter melts .
combine graham flour , granola , oats , walnuts and salt in large bowl .
add yeast and lukewarm liquid mixture , then egg , whisking until
thick , about 5 minutes . using wooden spoon , mix in enough all-purpose
flour 1/2 cup at a time to form soft dough . knead on floured surface
until smooth and elastic , kneading in more all-purpose flour if dough
is sticky .

grease large bowl and add dough , turning to coat entire surface .
cover bowl with plastic . let rise in warm draft-free area until
dough is doubled in volume , about 1 hour .

grease two 9x5-inch loaf pans ( preferably black steel ) . gently knead
dough on lightly floured surface until deflated . cut dough in half .
pat each piece out into rectangle . roll up jelly roll fashion ,
pinching seams to seal . place seam side down in prepared pans . cover
with towel . let rise in warm draft-free area until doubled in volume ,
about 45 minutes .

preheat oven to 375 f. bake until loaves sound hollow when tapped on
bottom , about 40 minutes . immediately remove from pans . cool
completely on wire racks .

bon appetit

yield : 2 servings




classic irish soda bread

breads , fruits , irish

4 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 1/2 cup raisins
2 eggs ; beaten
1 cup butter or margarine ; melted
1 cup milk

preheat oven to 350f . lightly grease a loaf pan . place raisins and
caraway seeds in a large bowl . sift together flour , baking soda ,
sugar and salt . pour sifted mixture over raisins . add butter , eggs
and milk to the bowl ; mix well . mold dough into a loaf shape on a
floured board . place dough in greased pan and bake for one hour , or
until bread tests done .

source : medford mail tribune typed by katherine smith

yield : 1 loaf




pumpkin bread pudding

breads , desserts , fruits , puddings

4 eggs
3 cup whole milk
1 lb mashed pumpkin
1 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 quart torn bread pieces
1 cup dark raisins
1 boubon sauce :
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 egg
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon whole milk
1/2 cup bourbon

pudding : beat eggs in a large bowl . add milk and beat again . stir in
pumpkin , sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg , salt and vanilla . add bread pieces
and press with your hands to submerge bread in the milk mixture . ( if
you have the time , cover and refrigerate the mixture several hours or
overnight ; break up the bread the next day and bake as directed ; if
not , proceed as follows . ) set the mixture aside for 15 minutes . use
your fingers to break up the chunks of bread . set aside 15 minutes
and repeat . add raisins . heat oven to 350 degrees . generously butter
a 2 quart baking dish . fill the dish with bread pudding mixture and
bake for 1 hour , or until pudding is set . serve warm , hot or cold
with hot bourbon sauce . boubon sauce : use unsalted real butter for
the best bourbon sauce ; margerine does n't make a great sauce . melt
butter in a bowl set over hot but not boiling water . combine egg ,
sugar and milk in a small bowl and beat until light colored . add to
butter and beat with a whisk over hot water until sugar dissolves -
at least 5 minutes . add boubon and stir . remove from stove and serve .

yield : 10 servings




basic sourdough french bread

breads

2 cup sourdough starter ; proofed
1 pkg yeast ; dry
6 cup flour , all-purpose
1 cup water ; tepid
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine starter , water , yeast , sugar , salt , and 1 cup of flour . set
aside in warm place for about 15 minutes to proof . add remaining
flour and knead dough until smooth and elastic . cover with bowl and
allow to double ( about 1 1/2 hours ) . punch down dough and divide in
half . shape dough into two baguettes by first rolling dough into a
large rectangle , then roll rectangle into loaf ( tuck ends underneath
loaf ) , place on baking sheet and allow to double again . with a very
sharp knife , make a slit down each loaf . bake in a pre-heated
375-degree oven for 30 minutes , test for doneness by tapping on loaf ;
it should sound hollow . for a crispy crust , periodically spray water ,
with a hair sprayer , into the oven while loaves are baking . dark rye :
substitute 3 cups of rye flour for 3 cups of the all purpose flour .
add 2 tablespoons of caraway seeds to the batter , along with 1 cup of
dark molasses , and 2 tablespoons of powdered cocoa . substitute brown
sugar for the plain sugar . reduce water by 1/4 cup . raisin-cinnamon :
add 2 slightly beaten eggs to the batter , after proofing . roll each
half of dough into a large rectangle . sprinkle each rectangle with a
mixture of , 1/4 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon of ground cinnamon .
sprinkle each half with 1/2 cup of raisins . carefully roll each
rectangle as you would to shape a baguette . tuck the ends underneath
the loaf . allow to rise until doubled , do not split tops of loaves .
after baking brush loaves with melted butter . garlic-cheese : add 1
cup of grated parmesan cheese to batter . mince 6 cloves of garlic ,
add to batter . after splitting tops of loaves , carefully pour 1
tablespoon of garlic butter on the top of each loaf . for a cheesier
loaf , before rolling rectangle into baguette , sprinkle with 1/2 cup
of grated cheddar cheese .

yield : 2 servings

preparation time : randy




honey & cream scones ( bakestone recipes )

breads , cakes , breakfast

6 oz whole wheat flour
6 oz plain flour
2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 oz butter
5 fl oz sour cream
4 oz clear honey
1 egg
1 milk for glazing

sift the flour , soda , and cream of tartar into a mixing bowl . cut the
fat into the flour and rub it to a breadcrumb consistency . miz the
sour cream and honey together until the honey is dissolved . beat in
the egg . make a well in the flour , pour in the liquid and mix to a
soft dough . turn onto a floured board and knead in a little extra
flour if necessary . roll out 1/2 inch thick and cut into rounds with
a 2-inch cutter . lift onto a heated and greased bakestone and brush
the tops of the scones with a little milk .
cook until the underside is golden , then turn and cook the other
side . serve hot , split and spread with butter and honey : or serve
cold with butter or clotted cream .

yield : 8 servings




onion twist bread

breads

4 to 4-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 pkg dry yeast
1/3 cup non-fat dry milk
1 1/2 cup hot tap water ( 120 - 130 degrees )
2 tablespoon shortening , room temperature
2 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg onion soup mix ( 1-3/8 ounces )
2 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
1 egg , room temperature

you will need two medium baking pans ( greased or teflon ) or one baking
sheet ( greased or teflon ) . if glass pans are used , reduce oven heat
by 25 degrees .

in a large mixer bowl combine 2 cups of flour and the yeast . in a
saucepan measure milk , water , shortening , sugar , soup mix , and
cheese . stir over a low heat until warm ( 120 degrees ) . pour this into
the dry mixture , add the egg and beat at a low speed in the electric
mixer for 30 seconds . scrape down bowl . turn mixer to high for three
minutes . stop the mixer , and with a wooden spoon gradually stir in
more flour to form a soft dough that will clean the sides of the bowl .

kneading :

sprinkle the work surface with flour and turn the dough onto it , knead
until the dough is smooth and elastic . cover the dough with the
inverted bowl and let it rest on the counter top for twenty minutes .

shaping :

to make two twist loaves , divide the dough into 4 parts . shape each
piece into a smooth 12 inch roll . twist 2 pieces together and press
ends to seal . tuck under the sealed ends , place loaf in prepared pan .
loaves can also be baked on a baking sheet . place them 2 inches
apart .

rising :

cover with wax paper or foil until doubled in size ( about 45 minutes ) .
dough will rise to about 1/2 inch above the edge of the pan .

baking :

preheat oven to 375 degrees . bake in oven until the crusts have
browned . the loaves will draw away from the sides of the pan . when
tapping , the bottom crust yields a hard , hollow sound , the bread is
done . remove bread from the oven . turn out on metal cooling racks .
brush with melted butter for a nice soft finish .

source : rock springs sweet onion festival cook book 1992

yield : 6 servings




popovers ... joannie b .

appetizers , breads , ethnic

6 each eggs
2 cup milk
6 tablespoon margarine
2 cup flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon alt 1 c flour 45-50 min

directions -- break eggs into mixer bowl . beat until frothy . beat in
milk and butter . slowly beat in flour and salt . batter should be
light , but not foamy . ( if batter becomes lumpy , strain it ) . preheat
oven to 400 degrees generously oil custard cups ( 6 or 4 0z size ) or
popover pans , filling each to 1/2 '' from top . arrange individual cups
on cookie sheet for easier hand ling . place in preheated oven 45-60
min . well done . when done , cut 2 small slits in top to release steam .
bake another 5 min . small batch 3 eggs 1 c milk
3 t butter

yield : 1 servings




honey wheat casserole bread

breads , snacks , casseroles

1 1/2 cup bread flour
1 cup wheat flour
3 tablespoon nonfat dry milk
1 pkg yeast
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon oil
1 cup hot water ( 120-130 deg f )
1 tablespoon wheat germ

in a large mixer bowl , mix 1/2 c bread flour with all the wheat flour
and dry milk , yeast , salt , honey and oil . with mixer on low speed ,
mix until smooth . with mixer still going , add hot water and contuinue
mixing until smooth . add remaining flour slowly , then mix at high
speed until smooth . pour batter into a greased 1 1/2 quart cassrole
dish . place in warm area to rise , letting batter double in size . bake
at 375 deg f for 25 to 30 minutes or until wooden skewer comes out
clean . makes 1 loaf ( about 10 servings ) . note : for finer texture
bread let rise in bowl , then punch down and place in greased cassrole
to rise again .

yield : 10 servings




farinata ( chick pea bake )

breads , italian , argentinian

6 1/4 cup water
4 cup garbanzo ( chick pea ) flour
1 salt ; to taste
8 tablespoon olive oil ; or corn oil
1 large onion , sliced ( optional )
1 freshly ground black pepper

this italian dish is also popular in argentina . they call it faina '
and it is sometimes prepared with onion slices as a topping . a plain
faina ' slice is often used to top a pizza slice , sandwich-style .

pour the water into a large heavy pan , then gradually stir in the
flour . add salt to taste . cook over gentle heat for 1 hour , stirring
frequently and skimming the surface with a slotted spoon
occasionally ; the mixture should be smooth and quite thick .

pour the mixture into an oiled roasting pan ( preferably a pizza pan )
and level the surface . sprinkle the oil over the surface , and arrange
the onion rings on top , if used .

bake in a moderately hot oven ( 400 f / 200 c ) for 30 minutes until
golden brown . sprinkle liberally with pepper and serve immediately .

modified from `` italian cooking '' edited by jeni wright , cathay books ,
1984 . typed by gabi shahar , june 1996 .

yield : 6 servings




corn cake batter

breads

3 oz cornmeal
3 oz all purpose flour
2 eggs
8 oz buttermilk
1 tablespoon onion , diced fine
3 oz corn , fresh kernal
1 teaspoon salt

combine all ingredients in mixing bowl and whip until smooth . ladle
onto hot griddle to cook .

yield : 4 servings




griddle bread

breads

2 cup flour
25 gm cold butter
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup natural unsweetened yoghurt
3/4 cup milk

sift flour , baking powder , soda and salt into a bowl . dip a grater in
the flour , then using the second coarsest serrations , grate cold
butter into the flour . add yoghurt and milk and mix using a table
knife . on a lightly floured surface press the mixture into circle
approximately 2cm thick and 25cm in diameter . cut into eight wedges .
heat griddle or heavy pan to a moderate temperature , dust the base
lightly with flour . place dough on griddle . turn after five minutes .
continue to cook , turning as necessary , until centre is set . the pan
may be covered to produce softer bread . split and butter to serve .
good warm or cold .

preparation time 7 minutes cooking time 8-10 minutes . calories per
piece unbuttered - 300 approx .

yield : 4 servings




bread dumplings ( semmelknoedel )

breads

10 buns , older ones are good
2 1/8 cup milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 small onion
1 bunch parsley
1 1/2 oz butter
2 eggs

1.cut the buns into thin slices . 2 . heat the milk and pour over bun
slices . 3.cut onion and parsley real fine and with the salt add to
bread . 4.put butter and eggs in a bowl and cream with a mixer until
foamy . 5.mix all together with hands and form small dumplings .
6.bring 2 liters of salted water to a boil and let the dumplings
simmer in it about 10 min . 7.drain and keep warm untill serving .
translated by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 1 recipe




pane basso ( tuscan country bread )

breads , italian

2 oz fresh yeast
500 ml warm water
2 lb strong white flour

( `` strong white flour '' is a uk term for all-purpose flour . use bread
flour if you can get it , preferably unbleached . ) dissolve the yeast
in 150 ml of the warm water in a small bowl . sift in enough of the
flour to make a soft dough , mixing with the hands . cover and put in
a warm place to rise . when the yeast dough has at least doubled in
size , begin making the rest of the dough . sift the remaining flour
onto a wood or marble surface . make a well in the middle ; pour a
little water into it and begin working the flour towards this with
your hands . when the dough has absorbed enough water to bind
together , add the yeast dough and work in . knead for 5-10 minutes ,
occasionally lifting the dough and smacking it on the table .
continue until it no longer sticks to your hands . sprinkle a large
bowl with water and put the dough into it . cover with a cloth and let
rise until doubled in size ( about 30 minutes ) . knead again 5-10
minutes and form into two balls . let stand another 20 minutes , and
then bake on a greased , floured baking tin until crusty ( about 30
minutes ) in an oven preheated to 350 .

yield : 4 servings




chili cheese puff

breads , cheese/eggs , mexican , chili

5 eggs
1/4 cup all purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup cottage cheese
2 cup shredded monterey jack cheese ( 8oz )
1/4 cup butter or margarine , melted
1 can ( 4oz ) chopped green chilies , draine ; d

in a large mixing bowl , beat eggs well . stir in next five
ingredients . add green chilies . pour into a greased 8 inch square
baking pan . bake at 350 f for 40-45 minutes or until a knife inserted
near the center comes out clean . serve immediately . makes 6-8
servings .

origin : mariane white , in reminisce march/april 1993 shared by : sharon
stevens

yield : 6 servings




new orleans bread pudding *** tpbd20p

breads , desserts

10 oz french bread ; stale crumbled
4 cup milk
1 1/4 cup sugar
3 each egg
2 tablespoon vanilla
1 cup coconut ,
1 cup pecans ; chopped
1 cup raisins
1 tablespoon cinnamon ,
1 tablespoon nutmeg

combine all ingredients . mixture should be very moist but not
soupy . pour into buttered 9 x 12 or larger baking dish . place into
non-preheated oven .
bake at 350 for approx 1 hr 15 min until top is golden brown . sauce :
cream butter and sugar over med heat till all butter is absorbed .
remove from heat and blend in egg yolk . pour in bourbon gradually to
taste , stirring constantly . sauce thickens as it cooks . serve warm
over warm pudding , or cold over cold ( or warm over cold etc . ) .
wonderful stuff !
-robbie from : robbie warinner ( tpbd20b )

yield : 16 servings




tomato foccacia

breads , snacks , italian , bakery

-- -- crust -- --
1/2 tablespoon yeast
1 cup lukewarm water
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon basil
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon wheat germ
3 cup flour
-- -- topping -- --
3 medium tomatoes , sliced
1 salt & pepper
1 olive oil , for brushing
1 basil , chopped

in a mixing bowl , combine the yeast , water , sugar , salt , oil & basil .
let stand until the yeast starts to froth . mix in the wheat germ & 1
c flour . beat well & let sit for 5 minutes . knead in the remaining
flour & knead until the dough is soft & pliable . lightly oil a clean
bowl & cover with a towel . let rise until doubled in bulk .

roll out the dough to fit into a cookie sheet or on a pizza stone .
lightly sprinkle the cookie sheet with cornmeal & place the dough on
the sheet . stretch into the corners & build up the edges slightly .
let rest for 10 minutes .

brush the dough with olive oil & spread the tomatoes over the top .
generously salt & grind fresh black pepper over the top & finish with
the fresh basil . bake for 25 minutes or until the crusts are done .
cut up & serve immediately or let cool . this is equally good cold &
served at room temperature .

recipe by mark satterly .

yield : 1 foccacia




ham-stuffed biscuits

appetizers , breads

1 tablespoon butter
1/4 medium onion , finely diced
1 clove garlic , finely minced
1 lb cooked ham , diced
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 pinch thyme
1/2 cup cream sauce ( recipe separately )
24 hot biscuits ( recipe separately ) , s ; plit

this is a special-event recipe . ( used e.g . at lynda 's wedding
reception . )

1 . in a cast-iron skillet , melt butter , saute onion and garlic until
golden brown .

2 . add ham and seasonings ; stir in cream sauce and keep warm .

3 . arrange open biscuits on serving platter ( s ) . place a heaping
teaspoonful of ham stuffing in the center of each biscuit , close
gently , and serve at once .

makes 24 biscuits .

from : the white house family cookbook by white house executive chef
henry haller with virginia aronson , random house , new york . 1987 . isbn
0-394-55657-7 .

posted by : karin brewer , cooking echo , 9/92

yield : 24 servings




easy doughnuts

breads , breakfast

3 cup flour
2 single eggs
2/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup vegatable oil
1 cup milk
4 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup oil for deep fat frying

blend together sugar , milk , eggs and oil . add flour , salt , baking
powder mix all lightly . heat 2 cups oil in a 2 quart sauce pan to 365
f. drop dough by teaspoonful into hot oil . ( if oil is to hot ,
doughnuts will not get done inside ) fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until
golden brown . turn frequently while cooking.drain on paper toweling
and roll in white sugar while still hot . hint : check the first couple
of doughnuts to see if they are o.k . and done .

yield : 12 servings




james galway 's soda bread

breads , irish

1 lb flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cup buttermilk

the traditional bread of ireland

sift flour , salt , sugar & baking soda together a few times to mix the
thoroughly . make a well in the centre & stir in the buttermilk
gradually to make a soft dough . turn out on a floured board & knead
lightly for a few minutes . flatten it out to about 1/2 '' thick . with a
floured knife , cut a cross on it to help it cook evenly throughout .

bake at once in a hot oven ( 450f , gas 8 , 230c ) for 45 min . to test
whether the cake is done or not , tap the bottom - if cooked it should
sound hollow .

from : michael loo

yield : 1 loaf




cheese-garlic biscuits

breads

1 cup milk
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon sugar
2 cup self-rising flour
1 garlic powder

1 . beat all ingredients together until smooth and completely combined
not over 1 minute . streak dough with 1/4 cup grated cheddar cheese .

2 . drop batter evenly among 10 paper lined muffin cups . drizzle the
top of each with 1 tsp . melted margarine or butter , and dust each
with a scant amount of garlic powder , plus 1 scant teaspoon of
additional grated cheese .

3 . bake at 350f for 25-30 minutes or until golden brown and tripled in
size . cool in pan on rack for 30 minutes .

source : watertown daily times , watertown , ny 1992 note : these are
similar to those served at red lobster restaurants

yield : 10 servings




pancakes ( prodigy )

breads , breakfast

3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon ( scant ) baking powder
1 egg
1 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil
5/8 cup low-fat milk

sift the dry ingredients together into a bowl . combine the egg , oil
and milk together in another bowl , then stir them into the dry
ingredients until batter is just smooth . lightly grease a large
skillet or griddle . when hot , ladle the batter onto the griddle .
( usually , 3 pancakes fit in a large skillet . ) adjust heat to
medium-high . when bubbles appear on the surface of the pancake ,
usually after 2 to 3 minutes , lift with a spatula to see that the
underside is browned . turn and cook the second side until browned ,
about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes .

makes 3 servings ( 6 4-inch pancakes )

joanna pruess - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 3 servings




james beard 's cuban bread

breads

1 1/2 pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 cup warm water ( 100-115 deg . )
1 tablespoon salt
5 cup all-purpose or hard wheat flour plu ; s 1 cup if necess .
3 tablespoon yellow cornmeal
1 tablespoon egg white , mixed with 1tbl . cold wat ; er

source : beard on bread

combine the yeast with sugar and warm water in a large bowl and allow
to proof . mix the salt with the flour and add to the yeast mixture , a
cup at a time , until you have a stiff dough . remove to a lightly
floured board and knead until no longer sticky , about 10 minutes ,
adding flour as necessary . place in a buttered bowl and turn to coat
the surface with butter .

cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk..1 1/2-2 hrs .

punch down the dough . turn out on a floured board and shape into two
long , french bread-style loaves . place on a baking sheet that has
been sprinkled with the cornmeal , but not buttered . slash the tops of
the loaves diagonally in two or three places with a single edge razor
blade or sharp knife , brush the loaves with the egg white wash. place
in a cold oven , set the temperature at 400 degrees , and bake 35
minutes , or until well browned and hollow sounding when the tops are
tapped .

from the recipe files of suzy.q

yield : 2 loaves




hawaiian banana bread

breads

1 cup sugar
1/2 cup vegetable oil
3 small ripe bananas , mashed
2 eggs , well beaten
1 1/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon soda
1/2 cup nuts , chopped

preheat oven to 350 degrees . in small bowl thoroughly mash bananas
and set aside . mix sugar and oil in another mixing bowl and blend
thoroughly . add mashed bananas and eggs , mix together . add dry
ingredients which have been sifted together . stir until flour is
moistened . pour into loaf pan which has been lined on the bottom with
waxed paper and well greased . bake for 1 hour at 350 degrees . be sure
and test for doneness .

yield : 1 servings




kentucky biscuits

breads

1 cup bisquick
1 tablespoon ( rounded ) sour cream
1/4 cup club soda
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 pam cooking spray

mix together in a bowl all ingredients . dip hand into
just enough bisquick that you can knead dough right in
the bowl until smooth and elastic . shape into 6
patties equal in size , 1-1/2 '' thick . put close
together in pam-sprayed 8 '' round baking pan . spray
tops with pam . bake 450 degrees f. ( hot ) for 18-20
minutes , or until golden .

yield : 6 servings




johnnycake with chervil

breads , herbs

1 tablespoon corn oil
1 cup all-purpose flour ; sifted
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
1 cup yellow cornmeal
2 eggs ; lightly beaten
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup buttermilk or soured milk
1/2 cup fresh chervil , no stems* - loosely ; packed

*if chervil is unavailable , italian parsley can be used instead .

brush a square 8 '' baking pan with the oil . once oven is preheated ,
heat greased pan until hot ( but watch carefully ) . this helps ensure a
crispy bottom and sides . muffin or cornstick pans may also be used .

sift flour with sugar , baking powder and salt . stir in cornmeal . in
separate bowl , mix eggs with oil and buttermilk . chop chervil leaves
to yield about 1/4 cup . stir into milk-egg mixture . make a well in
the dry ingredients and quickly pour in liquid . blend quickly with a
spatula just until mixed . do not overmix .

pour batter into prepared pan . bake at 425 f. 20 minutes , or until
golden brown and crisp around edges . ( muffins or cornsticks may only
take 15 minutes ) . cut into squares and serve at once , spreading with
butter if desired .

save any leftovers and freeze for cornbread poultry stuffing .

enright suggests serving this with stews , chowders , fried chicken or
ribs , and also says that this is good with a layered lamb stew .

from _nancy enright 's canadian herb cookbook_ by nancy enright .
toronto : james lorimer & company , 1985 . pg . 25 . isbn 0-88862-788-2 .
electronic format by cathy harned .

yield : 8 servings




pickle juice rye

breads , vegetables

1 frances nossen ( swtk50b )
1 from bread in half the time
3 cup flour , bread
3 pkg yeast , dry
1 cup brine , sour dill
3/4 cup water , 120 degrees
2 tablespoon crisco
2 tablespoon sugar
1 egg , large , room temp
2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon dill weed , dry
1 1/2 cup flour , medium rye
1 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 ***** glaze :
1 egg
1 tablespoon milk

combine bread flour and yeast in mixer bowl . add pickle brine ( at
least at room temp ) and mix . add remaining ingredients and mix ,
adding more bread flour as needed until dough cleans side of bowl .
let rise until double in bulk . punch down and knead for a few
seconds . let dough rest for 10 minutes . grease your largest baking
sheet with crisco . form dough into a ball and place on baking sheet .
make a few parallel slits in the top , brush with the glaze , and
sprinkle with additional dill weed if desired . let rise until double
in bulk . bake about 50 minutes @ 375 or until loaf sounds hollow when
tapped . cool on rack . for chewier crust , brush with water while still
hot .

yield : 2 servings




iron rich quick bread

breads

1 cup all purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 tablespoon wheatgerm
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup oats
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup oil
1/2 cup blackstrap molasses
1 1/4 cup water
1 cup raisins

combine flours , wheatgerm , baking powder & soda & salt . stir in oats &
sugar . mix thoroughly . add raisins . combine oil , molasses & water .
add to dry ingredients . stir until thoroughly blended . turn into
greased 23 x 13 x 7 cm loaf pan . bake at 350f for 50 minutes .

yield : 1 loaf




shrimp & cheese bread

breads , cheese , shrimp

3 1/2 cup flour
3 1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg yeast
1 cup milk
1 butter
3 tablespoon butter
1 medium onion ; finely chopped
4 oz mushrooms ; chopped
1/4 cup green onion ; chopped
1/4 cup parsley ; chopped
2 eggs ; beaten
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
8 oz monterrey jack cheese ; chop ped and grated
8 oz pepper cheese ; grated
8 oz muenster cheese ; grated
2 cup boiled shrimp ; ground or gr ated
1 salt and pepper to taste

combine 1 cup flour , sugar , salt and yeast . heat milk and butter
until hot but not boiling . add to flour mixture ; beat . add 1 cup
flour , continue to beat . add 1-1/2 cups flour and knead 5 minutes on
floured board . invert bowl over dough and let rest for 15 minutes .
in large skillet , cook onions in butter until tender . add
mushrooms , green onions and parsley . continue cooking for 5 minutes .
set aside to cool .
to beaten eggs add seasonings , cheeses and shrimp . blend well and
stir into onion mixture .
roll dough into 12-by-24-inch rectangle . put filling in center of
dough . fold over filling and pinch to seal . form into a ring ; pinch
to seal . place seam side down in greased pan . cover ; let rise in warm
place for 15 minutes . bake at 375 for 60 to 70 minutes . serves 10 to
12 . recipe by lillian ronquille . finalist and winner of bread
category . source : 1993 times-picayune cookoff

yield : 10 servings




herman sourdough starter # 2

breads

2 cup milk
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup sugar
1 pkg dry yeast , dissolved in 1/4 cup war ; m water

1 . in a large glass or ceramic bowl , combine 1 cup of the milk , 1
cup of the flour , the sugar and the dissolved yeast . using a non-
metal spoon , beat until smooth and creamy . stir in the remaining 1
cup milk and 1 cup flour . cover with a clean kitchen towel and set
in a moderately warm spot ( about 70f . ) let stand for 24 hours , at
which point the batter should smell pleasantly sour . 2 . transfer to a
tightly covered glass or plastic container and place in the
refrigerator . stir with a nonmetal spoon once a day for 5 days . 3 . to
use the starter , measure out what you need and let it come to room
temperature . replenish it with equal parts of flour and milk , plus
half a part of sugar . ( for example , if you remove 1 cup of starter ,
stir in 1/2 cup flour , 1/2 cup milk , and 1/4 cup sugar . ) the starter
may be stored in the refrigerator indefinitely , but flavor develops
best when batter is used and replenished often .

yield : 6 servings




cheddar date nut loaf

breads , fruits , cheese , quick bread

8 oz dates ; finely chopped
2 tablespoon butter
3/4 cup water ; boiling
1 3/4 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup sugar ; granulated
1 each egg ; lg , well beaten
4 oz cheddar md , shredded
1 cup walnuts ; chopped

preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. place the dates and butter in a
small bowl and pour the boiling water over them . let stand for 5
minutes . stir the dry ingredients together in a large bowl . add the
date mixture , egg , cheddar and nuts . mix until just blended and
spoon the mixture into a well greased 9 x 5-inch loaf pan . let stand
for 20 minutes . bake for 50 to 60 minutes in the preheated oven or
until a wooden pick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out
clean . turn out onto a rack and cool before slicing .
note : the flavor improves is the bread stands overnight before
serving .

yield : 4 servings




mexicali spoon bread casserole

breads , main dish , vegetables , cheese , hamburger

-- -- meat mixture -- --
1 1/2 lb lean ground beef
1 cup onion ; chopped , 1 lg
1/4 cup green bell pepper ; chopped
1 each clove garlic ; minced
15 oz tomato sauce ; 1 cn
12 oz whole kernel corn ; 1 cn
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 single chili powder ; to taste
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1/2 cup ripe olives ; sliced
-- -- cornmeal topping -- --
1 1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup yellow cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup cheddar cheese ; shredded
2 each eggs ; lg , beaten

heat the oven to 375 degrees f. cook and stir the meat , onion , green
pepper and garlic in a large skillet until the onion is tender and the
meat is browned . drain off the excess fat . stir in the tomato sauce ,
undrained corn , 1 1/2 ts salt , the chili powder , pepper and olives .
heat to boiling then reduce the heat and simmer , uncovered , while
preparing the cornmeal topping . mix the milk , cornmeal and 1/2 ts
salt in a saucepan . cook and stir over medium heat just until the
mixture boils . remove from the heat and stir in the cheese and eggs .
turn the hot meat mixture into an ungreased 2 1/2 to 3-quart
casserole . immediately pour the topping onto the meat mixture .
bake , uncovered , until a knife inserted in the topping comes out
clean , about 40 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 8 servings




irish brown bread # 2 monica sheridan

breads

4 cup stone ground
1 whole wheat flour
2 cup white flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk or sweet milk
2 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon sugar

mix the whole wheat flour throughly with the white flour . rub the
butter into the flours . add the salt , and soda .

make a well in the center and gradually mix in the liquid . stir with a
wooden spoon . you may need less , or more liquid - it depends on the
absorbent quality of the flour . the dough should be soft but
managable .

knead the dough into a ball in the mixing bowl with your floured
hands .

put in on a lightly floured baking sheet and with the palm of your
hand flatten out in a circle 1 1/2 inches thick . with a knife dipped
in flour , make a cross through the center of the bread so that it
will easily break into quarters when it is baked .

bake at 425 degrees for 25 minutes , reduce the heat to 350 degrees
and bake a further 15 minutes .

if the crust seems too hard , wrap the baked bread in a damp tea cloth .
leave the loaf standing upright until it is cool .

the bread should not be cut until it has set - about 6 hours after it
comes out of the oven .

from `` the art of irish cooking '' by monica sheridan

yield : 1 servings




cornmeal-raisin scones

breads

2/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon chilled stick margarine , cut
1 into small pieces
2 teaspoon golden raisins
1/3 cup low-fat buttermilk
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 vegetable cooking spray

combine the first 6 ingredients in a bowl , and cut in margarine with a
pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles fine meal . add the
raisins , and toss well . combine buttermilk and egg , and add to dry
ingredients , stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened ( dough
will be sticky ) . spoon dough evenly into 5 mounds on a baking sheet
coated with cooking spray . bake at 375 degrees for a 18 minutes or
until golden . serve warm .

yield : 5 scones




bannock

breads , canadian

1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup rolled oats
2 tablespoon sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon baking powder salt
2 tablespoon butter , melted
1/3 cup raisins ; optional water ; approx ,

`` bannock , a simple type of scone was cooked in pioneer days over open
fires . variations in flours and the additional of dried or fresh
fruit make this bread the simple choice of canadian campers even
today . oven baking has become an acceptable alternative to the cast
iron fry pan . mckelvie 's restaurant in halifax serves an oatmeal
version similar to this one . for plain bannock , omit rolled oats and
increase the all purpose flour to 1 cup ... . one of the earliest quick
breads , bannock was as simple as flour , salt , a bit of fat ( often
bacon grease ) and water . in gold rush days , dough was mixed right in
the prospector 's flour bag and cooked in a fry pan over an open fire .
indians wrapped a similar dough around sticks driven into the ground
beside their camp fire , baking it along with freshly caught fish .
today 's native _fried bread_ is like bannock and cooked in a skillet .
newfoundlander 's _damper dogs_ are small rounds of dough cooked on
the stove 's dampers while _toutons_ are similar bits of dough deep
fried . at a promotional luncheon for the 1992 inuit circumpolar
conference , eskimo doughnuts , deep fried rings of bannock dough , were
served . it is said that inuit children prefer these `` doughnuts '' to
sweet cookies .
red river settlers from scotland made a frugal bannock with lots of
flour , little sugar and drippings or lard . now this same bread plays a
prominent part in winnipeg 's own folklorama festival .
at expo '86 in vancouver , buffalo on bannock buns was a popular
item at the north west territories ' restaurant . in many regions of
canada , whole wheat flour or wheat germ replaces part of the flour
and cranberries or blueberries are sometimes added . a saskatchewan
firm markets a bannock mix , and recipe books from coast to coast
upgrade bannock with butter , oatmeal , raisins , cornmeal and dried
fruit . ''

stir together flours , oats , sugar , baking powder and salt . add melted
butter , raisins ( if using ) and water , adding more water if needed to
make sticky dough . with floured hands , pat into greased pie plate .
bake in 400f oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until browned and tester
comes out clean . cut into wedges . serves:6 variations : in place of
raisins add chopped dried apricots or fresh berries . ( blueberries are
terrific if one is camping in northern ontario in august . )

source : `` the first decade '' chapter in _a century of canadian home
cooking_ posted by anne maclellan

yield : 6 servings




basic cheese bread

breads

1/4 cup lukewarm water
6 cup all-purpose flour ; sifted
1 env
1/2 lb sharp cheddar ; grated ( 2
1 cup milk cups )
1 tablespoon shortening
1 cup lukewarm water
2 tablespoon sugar salad oil
2 teaspoon salt active dry yeast

place 1/4 cup lukewarm water in small bowl ; sprinkle yeast over it ,
and sti knead dough with fingers , punching and turning over and over ,
until it is a clean out the mixing bowl , wash with soapy water , dry ,
then rub with shorte cover it with a clean towel , place bowl in a
warm place ; near the range or remove risen dough from bowl with
greased hands , turn out on floured counte variations : o instead of
grated cheddar , use 2 cups caraway cheese , domestic or import o use 2
cups of a spiced cheese like leyden , in place of cheddar . o add 1 cup
crumbled blue cheese and 1 cup mild cheddar or brick instead o from :
a salute to cheese , by betty wason , hawthorn books , inc. , 1966 .
posted by june hoffman , 8/93 converted by mmconv vers . 1.10

yield : 1 servings




kolachky dough # 3

breads

2 cup flour
8 oz cream cheese
1/2 lb butter
1 egg
2 teaspoon sugar
1 egg yolk

contributed to the echo by : leti labell originally
from : `` butter 'n love recipes '' from the vincentian
sisters of charity , bedford ohio kolacky dough # 3
knead together and let stand overnight in
refrigerator . roll out thin on flour and sugar . cut
into squares . fill with walnuts , lekvar ( prune ) , poppy
seed or apricot .

yield : 1 servings




marie calendar 's cornbread

breads , dressings

1 box corn muffin mix -- ( 9
1 oz )
1 box yellow cake mix -- ( 9
1 oz )

prepare corn muffin mix per directions on box and cake mix per
directions on box in separate bowl . pour prepared yellow cake mix
into prepared corn muffin mix and stir well . pour into greased 9x12x2
pan and bake 350f for 30 to 35 min until toothpick comes out clean .

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




double maple muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup flour ; sifted
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening
3/4 cup oats , rolled
1 egg ; beaten
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup maple syrup

approx . cook time : 0:20

sift flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . cut in shortening until
mixture resembles coarse crumbs . stir in oats . add liquid ingredients
and stir only until dry ingredients are moistened . fill greased
muffin cups 2/3 full . bake at 400 f for 18 to 20 minutes . let stand
in pan a few minutes before removing . drizzle a sugar or maple glaze
over tops of muffins while hot and serve .

-- - karen todd
seattle , wa
per mensa food sig newsletter

yield : 12 servings




sky high popovers

breads

2 eggs
1 cup milk
1 cup flour ; all purpose
1/2 teaspoon salt

in large bowl , beat eggs with milk ; stir in flour and salt till
blended but still lumpy . fill 8 well greased muffin cups three
quarters full ; place on centre rack in cold oven . set oven at 450f
and bake for 25 minutes . with skewer , puncture each popover ; bake 10
minutes longer or until golden brown , crisp and puffed . popovers can
be cooled , covered with clean tea towel and stored at room
temperature for up to 8 hours ; reheat in 325f oven for 5 to 10
minutes or till heated through . makes : 8 servings

source : _canadian living 's country cooking_ by elizabeth baird ,
`` unlike yorkshire pudding which must be made at the last minute ,
these crisp and easy popovers are made ahead and reheated just before
serving - leaving you free for last minute gravy making . '' posted by
anne maclellan

yield : 8 servings




pumpkin cream cheese muffins

breads

4 beaten eggs
2 cup sugar
1/2 cup oil
1 cup pumpkin
2 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
6 oz cream cheese
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice

combine 3 eggs , 2 cups sugar , oil and pumpkin . mix well . combine
flour , pie spice , soda and salt in a large bowl . mix well and pour in
wet mixture . stir just until dry ingredients are wet .

combine cream cheese , 1 egg and 1 tablespoon sugar in a separate
bowl . beat until smooth .

spread a layer of pumpkin mixture in muffin cups . spread a small
amount of cream cheese mixture on top . then spread last layer of
pumpkin to the edge on top .

bake at 350 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes . they are done when they
spring back when touched on the top center .

formatted on september 4 , 1996 by jamie calton

yield : 1 batch




christmas spiral bread

breads

1 loaf ( 14-16 oz ) frozen sweet or whi ; te dough bread , thawed
1/3 cup chopped red candied cherries
1/3 cup chopped green candied cherries
1/4 cup chopped toasted slivered almonds
1 slightly beaten egg white
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon water

grease a 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan . on a lightly floured surface roll
dough into a 14 x 9 inch rectangle . combine candied cherries , almonds
and egg white . spread over dough . beginning at short ends , roll each
side up jelly-roll style to center . place dough double roll side up
in prepared pan . cover , let rise until loaf just comes to top of pan .
combine egg yolk and water . brush over loaf . bake in 350 degree oven
25-30 minutes . remove from pan and cool on wire rack . drizzle or
spread with icing .

icing : mix 1/2 cup sifted powdered sugar and 1 teaspoon milk until
smooth . add more milk a few drops at a time to desired consistency .

yield : 6 servings




pumpkin-nut cookies

biscuits

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 cup sugar
1 cup canned pumpkin
1 cup raisins
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
2 eggs
1 cup chopped nuts

in a medium bowl , stir together : flour , baking powder , cinnamon , salt
and ginger . set aside .

in a mixer bowl , beat shortening for 30 seconds . add sugar and beat
till fluffy . beat in eggs and pumpkin . add dry ingredients and beat
till combined . stir in nuts and raisins .

drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto greased cookie sheets . bake at 350
degrees for 12 minutes . remove to wire racks and cool .

yield : 1 servings




coffee cake recip-ease

breads , breakfast , snacks

-- -- coffeecake -- --
2 cup recip-ease baking mix
1/4 cup sugar
2/3 cup milk
1 egg , beaten
2 tablespoon melted butter
1/2 cup chopped nuts
-- -- streusel topping -- --
1/3 cup recip-ease baking mix
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoon chilled butter

coffee cake : preheat oven to 350 deg f. grease 9 '' pan . combine all
ingredients except for streusel topping in a mixing bowl . blend well .
pour into prepared pan . sprinkle with streusel topping . bake for 20
to 25 minutes . streusel topping : mix ingredients until crumbly .

yield : 9 servings




caramel french toast

breads , brunch

1 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup butter
2 tablespoon corn syrup
12 sl sandwich bread
6 egg ; beaten
1 1/2 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon salt

combine sugar , butter , and corn syrup in a small saucepan ; cook over
medium heat until thickened , stirring constantly . pour syrup mixture
into a 13x9x2-in baking dish . place 6 slices of bread on top of syrup
mixture . top with remaining 6 slices of bread . combine eggs , milk ,
vanilla , and salt , stirring until blended . pour egg mixture evenly
over bread slices . cover and chill 8 hours . bake , uncovered , at 350
degrees f. for 40 to 45 minutes or until lightly browned . serve
immediately . yield : 6 servings . nancy berry ( cwbj78a ) formatted by
elaine radis bgmb90b converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 6 servings




girdle scones

breads , canadian , scottish

3 1/2 cup flour ; all purpose*
6 tablespoon baking powder salt
1 tablespoon sugar ; granulated
1/4 cup shortening or lard
1 egg
1 1/2 cup milk

*canadian all purpose flour is very hard ; the american equilvant is
bread flour this recipes comes from the town of fergus , ontario ,
founded by two scots in the 1880s . a girdle is a large cast iron pan .

heat flat cast iron pan on low heat for 10 to 15 minutes or until
hot . ( to test , sprinkle with a little flour ; if it browns in 10 to 15
seconds , the pan is hot enough . ) meanwhile in a large mixing bowl ,
stir flour , baking powder , salt and sugar ; with fingertips , rub in
shortening or lard till crumbly . whisk egg with 1 cup of the milk .
make a well in the centre of the dry ingredients ; pour in the liquid .
with wooden spoon , stir to make soft , but not sticky dough , adding
more milk as needed . turn out onto floured board , knead 3 or 4 times .
pat or roll to no more than 1/4 - 1/2 inch . with sharp knife , cut
into small triangles . place a few at a time on pan ; cook , rotating
scones occasionally for 5 to 6 minutes or until bottoms are browned .
serve hot . makes : approx 2 dozen

source : _from our mother 's kitchens_

yield : 1 servings




sourdough upkeep # 2

breads , sourdough

1 sourdough info

recipe by : kkpd13b linda caldwell i 've found another interesting
quote from donna german regarding the feeding and care of your
sourdough starter . `` if you 're using the culture every month or so ,
you do n't have to feed it at all . if the relationship sours , so to
speak , and you decide to break it off for a while , the question of
maintenance comes up in case you patch things > > over and want to
have another `` wild fling '' store the culture in a refrigerator , and
then warm it up and feed it about once every 6 months . the longer it
lies dormant , the more tlc is needed to bring it back . feeding every
12 hours for 3 to 4 days with vigorous stirring will always rescue
it . '' my particular starter is staging a nice comeback right now .
think i 'll do a lovely sd round loaf and bake it on my stone ! linda
in birmingham 07/30/94 *p sc
09:14:37 am cst

yield : 1 servings




chocolate-stuffed peanut butter scones

breads , desserts , chocolate

2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar , brown , light
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter , sweet ; chilled
3/4 cup peanut butter , creamy
1/4 cup milk
2 egg
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup peanuts , unsalted ; chopped
1 1/2 oz chocolate , bittersweet ; brok

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. in a large bowl , stir together the
flour , brown sugar , baking powder , and salt . cut the butter into
1/2-inch cubes and distribute them over the flour mixture . with a
pastry blender or two knives used scissors fashion , cut in the butter
until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . in a small bowl , stir
together the peanut butter , milk , eggs , and vanilla . add the peanut
butter mixture to the flour mixture and knead until combined . knead
in the peanuts . pat the dough out into a 1/2-inch thickness on a
cutting board . useing a floured 2-1/2-inch to 3-inch diameter
crinkled round biscuit cutter , cut out rounds from the dough . gather
the scraps together and repeat until all the dough is used and there
are 16 rounds . place 8 of the rounds on an ungreased baking sheet .
top each round with a piece of the chocolate and one of the remaining
circles of dough . press the edges gently to seal . bake for 17 to 19
minutes , or until lightly browned . remove the baking sheet to a wire
rack and cool for 5 minutes . using a spatula , transfer the scones to
the wire rack to cool . serve warm or cool completely and store in an
airtight container . yield : 8 scones . variation : make the dough as
above , omitting bittersweet chocolate , substituting 1/2 cup unsalted
whole peanuts for the chopped peanuts and kneading in 3/4 cup of
semisweet chocolate chips at the same time . pat the dough into a
9-inch diameter circle on a baking sheet . with a serrated knife , cut
into 8 wedges . bake for 20 to 22 minutes , or until a cake tester or
toothpick inserted into the center of a scone comes out clean . cool
as above and recut into wedges , if necessary .

yield : 16 servings




breadsticks italiano

breads

1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup parmesan , grated
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1 tablespoon chives , chopped
1/2 teaspoon basil , dried
11 oz breadsticks , canned

soften butter . preheat oven to 350 . combine all ingredients except
breadsticks ; mix well . separate dough into 1 section per serving .
unroll dough ; cut each strip in half . place dough on cookie sheet
according to package directions . spread lightly with butter mixture .
bake for 15-18 minutes , or until lightly browned . serve with
remaining butter mixture .

yield : 8 servings




one hundred percent whole wheat bread

breads

2/3 cup water
3 pkg yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
8 cup scalded milk
2/3 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup molasses
2 tablespoon salt
12 cup whole wheat flour

dissolve yeast in 2/3 cup water while your milk is cooling . dissolve
1 cup sugar in the hot milk . stir all ingredients in large bowl , turn
out and knead about 5 minutes , adding flour if needed . knead about 5
minutes . let rise until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours .
knead down and shape into 6 loaves , let rise until doubled in pans .
bake at 375'f . for 40 minutes . turn out on wire rack and let cool to
cold before slicing , if you can . note : raisins and/or walnuts can be
added for a change . also this bread freezes well .

yield : 6 servings




sourdough raisin starter

breads , fruits

1/2 cup organic raisins
1 cup warm water ; 110-115of
1 cup organic unbleached white flour

put raisins in water . let stand in a warm ( 90of ) place until bubbles
form . remove raisins . mix together flour and water . place in a clean
jar , cover with plastic wrap , and leave in a warm place 2-4 days ,
stirring each day , or until it becomes light and frothy . this means
fermentation is under way . refrigerate .

source : san francisco chronicle

yield : 1 cup




bacon cheese bread

breads

1 cup tap water
3 cup flour
1/2 cup cheese ( grated , sharp )
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 teaspoon dry yeast
3 tablespoon bacon bits

add the bacon bits when beeping sounds during kneading process . place
ingredients into pan according to manufacturer 's directions . press
start .

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat yogurt bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon sesame seeds
1/2 cup yogurt ( 4 1/2 oz )
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon dry yeast

bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except liquids
and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close cover
and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat bake
mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




spelt bread

breads , vegetarian

2 cup spelt flour
1 pkg quick-rising dry yeast
2 tablespoon sugar or other granular sweetener p ; inch of salt
2/3 cup very warm soy milk
2 tablespoon melted margarine

in large bowl , combine flour , yeast , sugar , and salt . stir in soy
milk and 1 tablespoon melted margarine until dough forms . turn dough
out onto floured board and knead about 3 minutes or until smooth .
grease mixing bowl and place dough in bowl , turning to coat lightly .
cover and place in warm spot away from drafts . let rise about 30
minutes . heat oven to 350 degrees . place dough on greased baking
sheet , or , if desired , bake in greased 8- x 4-inch loaf pan . brush
with remaining tablespoon of melted margarine and bake about 25
minutes or until golden and loaf sounds hollow when tapped on top .

yield : 1 servings




banana flour

breads

6 ripe bananas

slice and dry full grown bananas . use only the fruit that is full
grown as green bananas contain too much starch . after drying , grind
or pound in a mortar , then pass the powder through a sieve . this
flour can be used in equal parts with regular flour in making
desserts where a starchy substance is used .

from : real guamanian recipes by way of dorothy 's kitchen by : dorothy
horn

yield : 6 servings




onion parmesan bread

breads , cheese/eggs , vegetables

1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon soft margarine
1 egg , slightly beaten
1 cup scalded milk
4 cup flour
2 tablespoon butter
3/4 cup chopped onion
2 tablespoon parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon poppy seed ( opt . )
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt

dissolve yeast in waterin large bowl , combine yeast , sugar , salt
butter , egg , milk and 2 cups flour . beat with spoon until mixed .
gradually add flour until dough can be handled . knead 5 minutes or
until elastic . grease bowl , cover douch with plastic , let rise 1 1/4
hour in warm place . meanwhile , prepare filling . melt butter in small
saucepan . add onions , and saute until just tender ( 5 minutes ) combine
cheese , poppy seed , and garlic salt , set both mixtures aside . when
dough has risen , punch down , and place on floured work surface .
divide in 2 . roll each piece into a square 12 '' x12 '' . spoon half of
fillings on each piece of dough . spread , roll up like jelly
roll , seal . place loaves , seam side down , on french bread pan . cover
and rise 45 minutes , or until doubled in bulk . uncover , bake in
preheated 350 f oven for 25-30 minutes , until golden . remove from pan
at once

~ -- -- yum !
food and wine club topic : food software time : 04/27 8:08 pm

to : all from : marge nemeth ( gnfk05b ) subject : r-mm bread mega

yield : 2 servings




oatmeal bread from terri

breads

1 cup scalded milk
2 tablespoon shortening
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup honey
1/2 cup maple syrup
1 cup cold water
1/4 cup warm water
1 pkg yeast
1 1/2 cup uncooked oatmeal
6 cup sifted flour

mix milk , shortening , salt , honey and maple syrup , stir in cold water
and cool to lukewarm . pour warm water into a warm very large bowl ,
sprinkle in yeast and stir to dissolve . add cooled mixture , oatmeal
and 4 c flour and mix well . mix in remaining flour and knead on a
lightly floured board until elastic , 5 to 8 minutes . shape into a
ball , place in a greased bowl , turning to grease all over . cover
with cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk , about
1 1/2 hours . punch down and knead lightly 1 to 2 minutes . divide
dough in half , shape into 2 loaves and place in greased 9 x 5 x 3
inch loaf pans . cover and let rise until almost doubled in bulk .
toward end of rising , preheat oven to 375 degrees . bake loaves 40
minutes until browned and hollow sounding when tapped . turn out and
cool upright on a wire rack before cutting .

typed for you by terri st. louis , kook-net

yield : 2 servings




strawberry bread # 2

breads

3 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon cinnamon
2 cup sugar
4 eggs , beaten
2 cup frozen strawberries , thawed
1 1/2 cup cooking oil
1 1/4 cup chopped pecans

sift the dry ingredients together . combine the eggs , strawberries ,
and oil and add to the dry ingredients . add pecans . bake in a 325
oven for about 1 hour .

makes 4 small or 2 large loaves .

the outlook lodge
6975 howard street green mountain falls , colorado 80819 ( 719 )
684-2303

source : `` the american country inn and bed & breakfast cookbook volume
one '' by kitty & lucian maynard . typed by lisa clarke .

yield : 2 loaves




touch of honey bread

breads

1 flour
1 cup quaker oats
1 pkg quick rise yeast
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup water
3 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon butter

in large mixer bowl , combine 1 cup flour , oat bran , yeast and salt .
heat water , honey and butter until very warm . add to dry
ingredients , beat at low speed of electric mixer until moistened .
increase speed to medium , continue beating 3 minutes . stir in enough
remaining flour to form a stiff dough . lightly spray bowl with
vegetable oil , cooking spray , or oil lightly . turn dough out onto
lightly floured surface . knead eight to ten minutes or until dough is
smooth and elastic . place into prepared bowl , turning once to coat
surface of dough . cover , let rise in warm place 30 minutes or until
doubled in size . lightly oil 8 x 4 inch loaf pan . punch down dough .
roll into 15 x 7 inch rectangle . starting at narrow end , roll up
dough tightly . pinch ends and seam to seal ; place seam side down in
prepared pan . cover ; let rise in warm place 30 min . or until doubled
in size . hear oven to 375 degrees , bake 35 to 40 min . or until
golden brown . remove from pan , cool on wire rack 1 hour before
serving . this stuff is really good warm with butter on it . love it !

converted to meal master format for you by : linda fields , cyberealm
bbs watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 1 loaf




corn & pepper spoonbread

breads

2 1/2 cup water
2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon butter
1 pinch white pepper
1 cup fine yellow cornmeal
1 cup buttermilk
5 eggs
1/3 cup cream
1 cup corn kernels
1 cup diced red bell peppers
1/2 teaspoon crushed chiltepin ( little
1 red chili
1 peppers ) use flakes if you
1 like -- my guess
1 chopped cilantro -- for
1 garnish

1 . bring the water , salt , butter and white pepper to a simmer .
slowly add the cornmeal and continue to simmer stirring until it is
very thick and coats the bottom of the pan , about 5 minutes .

2 . preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. beat in the remaining
ingredients and pour into a greased 9xi2-inch baking dish . bake until
set and browned , 30 to 45 minutes . garnish each serving with chopped
cilantro . hint : any leftovers can he cooled and used as a stuffing
for chicken or pork . source : contemporary southwest , the caf terra
cotta cookbook , by donna nordin typos by brenda adams
< adamsfmle @ aol.com > posted to mc-recipe , 8/14/96

recipe by :

yield : 8 servings




oregon hazelnut-laced chocolate apricot bread

breads

1 cup boiling water
1 cup dried apricots
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar
2 eggs
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa
3 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1 cup chopped oregon hazelnuts

pour boiling water over apricots and let stand until just tender ;
do n't oversoak . drain off water and reserve . ( if you do n't have 1
cup , add more water to it . ) roughly chop the apricots . pour liquid
into a large mixing bowl , add baking soda , sugars and eggs . mix well
with a wooden spoon . then add the apricots , flours , cocoa , baking
powder and nuts , and mix again .

butter and flour two 9x5x3-inch loaf tins . divide the batter into 2
equal parts and pour into the tins . bake in a 350 oven for about 45
minutes , or until the breads have risen , are dark in color and a
toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . cool on racks and serve .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 2 loaves




easy banana bread

breads , desserts

1/2 cup soft tofu
3/4 cup honey
1/4 cup sunflower or safflower oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup mashed ripe banana
1 egg replacer for one egg
2 cup whole-wheat pastry flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 dash of salt
1 tablespoon poppy seeds

preheat oven to 350 degrees f. in a food processor , cream tofu ,
sweetener , oil , vanilla , egg replacer and banana . in a bowl , combine
flour , baking powder , and baking soda . add to food processor along
with salt and process until creamy . pulse in poppy seeds . pour into
an oiled 9x5x3-inch loaf pan . bake for 30 to 35 minutes , or until
toothpick inserted in center of bread comes out clean . cool on a
wire rack for 30 minutes before removing from pan . yields 1 loaf .

yield : 1 loaf




sourdough starter # 14

breads

4 cup lukewarm water
1 pkg activated dry yeast
1 tablespoon vinegar ; very important <
1/4 cup sugar
5 cup unbleachd flour

pour the water into a crock or a wide mouth gallon jar . pour in the
yeast and let it dissolve . stir . add vinegar , sugar and flour . mix .
cover w/cloth and set in a warm place to sour.. ( 2 to 3 days ) . when
activity stops , the mixture flattens out . an amber colored liquor
comes to the top..and it smells.. that 's it ! mix it up . it will look
like whipping cream . put it in a glass jar with a screw type lid ;
place in refrigerator . it will keep for months . growing better as it
continues to age at a very slow pace . i have no idea regarding
conversion for use in bm . if you do.. let me know..ho-kay ? it is
super in pancakes ; waffles ; coffee cake ; rolled bisquits ; quick drop
bisquits ; cinnamon rolls ; cobbler ; bread ; cake ; oatmeal cookies ;
etc.. i wish you success and tasty eating.. do n't be afraid to
experiment ! good sour baking to you for yours.. lyman , at sunny , reno
nevada from : lyman eddy ( hkds25a ) reformatted by elaine radis

yield : 15 servings




easy pita bread

breads

2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon sugar
1 pkg dry yeast ( or 1 tb )
5 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoon salt

in mixing bowl , combine water and sugar ; sprinkle yeast and let stand
for 10 minutes or until dissolved and creamy . using electric mixer ,
beat in 2 c. of the flour , oil and salt ; beat for about 3 minutes or
until smooth , scraping down side of bowl from time to time . with
wooden spoon , beat in enough of the remaining flour to make stiff
dough . turn out onto lightly floured surface and knead for about 10
minutes or until smooth and elastic . place dough in lightly greased
bowl , turning to grease all over . cover with plastic wrap and let
rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until doubled in bulk . divide dough into
16 or 32 pieces . on lightly floured surface , roll each piece into 7 ''
or 4 '' rounds . cover and let rise for 15 minutes or until slightly
risen . meanwhile , heat ungreased baking sheet on lowest rack in 500
degree oven ( 240 c ) . using floured metal spatula , quickly transfer 2
or 3 pita rounds to heated baking sheet ; bake for 3 or 4 minutes or
until puffed and light golden around edges . repeat with remaining
pita rounds . let cool between damp tea towels . pitas will collapse
and soften slightly , but pocket will remain . ( alternatively , if crisp
pitas are desired , let cool on racks ) pitas can be stored in plastic
bags in freezer for up to 1 month . makes 16 7 '' pitas or 32 4 '' pitas .

yield : 16 pockets




cowboy biscuits

breads

2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup lard or shortening
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon milk

in a mixing bowl , stir the dry ingredients together and cut in lard or
shortening until the mixture has the texture of coarse meal .

stir in 3/4 cup milk a little at a time until mixture forms a smooth
dough . turn out onto a floured board and knead lightly . roll on
floured board to 1/2 inch thickness and cut with a floured 2-inch
biscuit cutter .

place biscuits on ungreased baking sheet and brush tops with the
remaining milk . bake in a 450 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes or
until lightly browned .

for drop biscuits , add up to 1 cup milk to the flour mixture . do not
knead the dough . drop by heaping spoonfuls onto an ungreased baking
sheet and bake as for rolled biscuits .

yield : 1 dozen 2-inch biscuits .

yield : 2 servings




cherry bread

breads

1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon cherry soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cup sifted flour
1 teaspoon butttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla
10 oz jar maraschino cherries ,
1 chopped and drained

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease and flour a 9x5x3 inch pan .

in a large bowl , combine butter , sugar and eggs ; beat with mixer until
creamy . add soda , salt , flour , and buttermilk . mix on low until
blended . fold in vanilla , cherries , and nuts . bake 60 minutes .

from ellen cleary

yield : 4 servings




irish farmhouse loaf

breads , cakes

8 oz flour
4 oz sugar
8 oz mixed dried fruit
1/2 each grated rind of a lemon
2 tablespoon butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch baking soda
1 each egg , beaten
1 1/4 cup buttermilk

servings : 8

mix the flour , sugar , fruit , lemon rind , butter , baking powder and
soda . add the beaten egg and the buttermilk to make a nice soft
dough ; beat well and pour into a greased 2-pound loaf pan . bake at
300 f for 1 hour , or until it tests done with a skewer .

yield : 8 servings




sourdough starter # 12

breads , potatoes

1 unbleached flour
1 potato water

boil some potatoes for supper , save the potato water , and use it
lukewarm with enough unbleached flour to make a thick batter . without
yeast . this is a good way to make it in camp , where you have no yeast
available and want fast results . this is also the way most farm
girls made it in the olden days . let stand a day or so , or until it
smells right .

yield : 1 servings




easter paska

breads , ethnic

-- -- basic dough -- --
2 pkg yeast
1/4 lb butter
1 quart milk
1/4 lb vegetable shortening
1 cup sugar
3 1/2 lb flour ( 1 c for flouring boar
1 1/2 tablespoon salt
1 cup white raisins
4 each eggs

dissolve sugar in milk and heat until lukewarm . crumble yeast
into milk and let stand . sift flour and salt into large pot or bowl .
put in eggs , melted vegetable shortening and butter . add milk . work
until all dough is in one bulk , loose from hands and from sides of
pot or bowl . cover with pot cover or a damp cloth and set in a warm
place to rise . it should be double in amount in about 2 or 2 1/2
hours .
take three large balls of dough , the size of large grapefruits ,
form into 10 '' strips 3 '' in diameter and braid . paska is always baked
in a round pan , 6 '' high . the temperature should be 400 deg . for the
first 10 min . and then lowered to 375 deg . for the next 40 to 50
minutes . when the paska is taken from the oven , spread with melted
butter . this will make 4 paskas .

yield : 4 servings




moravian christmas loaf

breads , christmas

3 cup milk
1 cup sugar
1 single *dissolved in :
6 cup flour
1/2 lb raisins , chopped
1/4 lb citron , chopped
1 cup butter
1/2 cup yeast
1/4 cup water , warm
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 lb currants
1/2 cup almond , blanched , sliced

scald 2 cups of the milk and let cool . add the dissolved yeast cake ,
3 cups of flour and the salt . mix well . cover and set aside to rise
in a warm place , over night . in the morning , scald the other cup of
milk and add the butter and stir until melted . combine with the yeast
mixture and add the sugar and the balance of the flour , kneading the
dough well , until it is no longer sticky . use more flour if
necessary . combine the fruit and sprinkle with some flour and add to
the dough , mixing well . cover and let rise again until double in
bulk . shape in small loaves , place in small pans , and sprinkle with
the sliced almonds . let rise for 2 hours . bake at 400-f for 40
minutes .

yield : 1 servings




royal toast triangles

breads , entertain , medieval

1 can pillsbury refrigerated*
1/2 cup spicy french dressing

*ingredient list should read : 1 8-oz . can pillsbury refrigerated quick
crescent dinner rolls .

heat oven to 375 degrees f. lightly greased cookie sheet . separate
dough into 8 triangles ; cut each in half lengthwise to form 16
triangles . place on prepared cookie sheet . brush lightly with french
dressing . bake at 375 egrees for 10-12 mins . until puffed and golden
brown .

easty to prepare and fit for a king !

i have never tried this recipe . it comes from my `` pillsbury festive
holiday recipes '' cookbook , classic # 13 . marilyn sultar

yield : 6 servings




basil beer bread

breads

3 cup self-rising flour
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves
1 1/2 cup warm beer

preheat the oven to 350f . in a large bowl , mix the flour and sugar .
stir in the basil , then the beer . mix until thoroughly blended , then
pour into a well greased 9x5x3 '' loaf pan . bake until a straw
inserted in the center comes out clean , about 50 minutes . turn the
bread out of the pan and cool on a rack . slice the bread thinly .

yield : 1 loaf




mexican cheese bread **** sdkx90a

breads , ethnic , side dish

1 can crescent dinner roll ; -- dou
1/2 cup refried beans
3/4 cup cheese ; shredded
1 each jars chunky salsa ; 12 0z ( ho

separate dough into 4 rectangles . place rectangles side-by-side on
ungreased baking sheet with long edges overlapping slightly to form
13 '' x7 '' rectangle . press perforations and edges to seal.spread beans
in 2 '' wide strip down center of dough length ; top with 1/2 cup of
cheese and 1/4 cup salsa.make cuts from filling to dough edges 1 1/2 ''
apart on each side of rectangle .
fold strips of dough at an angle over filling , alternating from
side to side ; seal ends.bake at 350 for 20 minutes ; sprinkle bread
with remaining 1/4 cup cheese.bake 5 to 10 minutes , or until cheese
melts and loaf is golden brown . let stand 10 minutes on wire rack .
cut loaf into 12 pieces ; serve with remaining salsa.makes 12
appetizers from : darnell lepre
( sdkx90a )

yield : 4 servings




kate 's strawberry pecan biscuits

breads

2 cup flour ; sifted
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
2/3 cup milk
2/3 cup strawberries ; fresh , sliced
1/2 cup pecans halves

sift flour with baking powder and salt . cut in
shortening with a pastry blender until the mixture
resembles coarse meal . add milk , straberries and
pecans ; stirring until a soft dough is formed . knead
gently on lightly floured board for 30 seconds . roll
or pat dough to 1/2 inch thick . cut into 12 biscuts .
bake on a baking sheet in a 425 degree oven for 15
minutes . serve hot with good butter and cold milk .

serves 4 .

source : 1979 new orleans times picayune recipe contest
cookbook typed for you by nancy coleman

yield : 4 servings




nashville fried biscuits

breads , breakfast

1 quart milk
1/4 cup sugar
2 2/3 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup lard or shortening
6 teaspoon salt
9 cup flour

add yeast to warm water ( 1/2 cup ) . add other ingredients and let dough
rise . work into biscuits and drop into hot fat . recipe will make
about six dozen biscuits . they can be frozen and stored . when you
work them up do n't let them rise to much . the fat should be slightly
higher than 350 f. if fat is to hot the biscuits will be soggy in the
center . the biscuits will be soggy in the center .

yield : 72 servings




my english muffins

breads

1/2 cup potatoes , mashed
2 cup water , 100 degrees
2 teaspoon salt
1 oz yeast ( 1 tbsp dry )
3 cup flour
1 additional flour approx 2 cups

wash , peel & boil potatoes and mash well or use left-over mashed
potatoes to the same weight . place potatoes in a large mix bowl . add
water at 100 degrees . add salt and yeast . turn mixer on at medium
and beat well . add 3 cups flour and beat another 2 minutes . remove
bowl from mixer , cover and let rise for 30 minutes . mixture will be
well proofed . return bowl to mixer and beat for 2 minutes . add
additional flour until a soft dough is formed . knead lightly and
divide dough into 3 oz portions . roll in a round shape and flatten .
if using a griddle , place on a floured surface to rise , covered ,
30-45 minutes . place on a griddle at moderate heat and when done on
one side , turn and continue cooking the other side , in the same
manner . if baking , place on a baking sheet with corn meal sprinkled
on it , covered , to rise 30 - 45 minutes . . bake at 400 degrees about
15- 20 minutes til lightly browned and hollow sounding .

yield : 14 servings




bread pudding & whiskey sauce

breads , sauces

1 10 -oz . loaf stale french
1 bread , crumbled ( or 6-8
1 cups any type bread )
4 cup milk
2 cup sugar
8 tablespoon butter , melted
3 eggs
2 tablespoon vanilla
1 cup raisins
1 cup coconut
1 cup chopped pecans
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
-- -- whiskey sauce -- --
1/2 cup butter ( 1 stick )
1 1/2 cup powdered sugar
2 egg yolks
1/2 cup bourbon ( to taste )
1 ( or rum ! ! )

contributed to the echo by : michelle bass bread pudding combine all
ingredients ; mixture should be very moist but not soupy . pour into
buttered 9x12 ' or larger baking dish . place into non-preheated oven .
bake at 350 degrees for approximately 1 hour and until top is golden
brown . serve warm with whiskey sauce ( below ) .

whiskey sauce

cream butter and sugar over medium heat until all butter is absorbed .
remove from heat and blend in egg yolk . pour in bourbon gradually to
your own taste , stirring constantly . sauce will thicken as it cools .
serve warm over warm bread pudding .

note : for a variety of sauces , just substitute your favorite fruit
juice or liqueur to complement your bread pudding .

on a personal note , a lemon sauce or a hard sauce is great with bread
pudding too .

yield : 16 servings




pain perdu ( lost bread )

breads , cajun

3 eggs , beaten
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon orange flower water
1 tablespoon grated lemon zest
1/4 cup brandy
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
8 slice stale french bread
2 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 powdered sugar
1 cane syrup

{ submitted by austin leslie , chez helene restaurant }

combine the eggs , milk , sugar , orange flower water , lemon zest ,
brandy and nutmeg in a bowl . mix well . soak the bread in the liquid
mixture . heat the butter and oil in a heavy frying pan . fry the bread
until golden brown on both sides . dust with powdered sugar and serve
with warm cane syrup .

serves 4 .

[ the legends of louisisna cookbook ; sheila ainbinder ; isbn
0-671-70817-1 ]

yield : 4 servings




maple syrup muffins

breads

1/4 cup milk
1 egg
1 3/4 cup flour
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup maple syrup
1/4 butter ; melted

whip milk into beaten egg , using egg beater . sift flour , baking
powder and salt together . add to egg and milk mixture a little t a
time , alternating with maple syrup ( this is important ) . fold in
melted butter . bake 25 minutes in 325 f oven in muffin pan .

source : mrs. whiting preston gasparilla cookbook - isbn : 0-9609556-0-7
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 9 servings




pumpkin muffins ( no fat )

breads

1 cup pumpkin
1 teaspoon cinnamon
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
6 tablespoon flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
4 tablespoon raisins
1/2 cup carrots ; grated
2/3 cup powdered milk
10 pkg sweet & low
2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice

mix all ingredients . spray muffin tin with pam . divide equally . bake
at 350 f. for 25 minutes . makes 12 muffins . read this part
carefully : each serving ( of six ( 6 ) muffins , yes six muffins ) , equals
the following weight watchers exchanges : 1 bread , 1 fruit , 1 milk , 1
protein and 1 1/2 vegetables . this is a no fat recipe ! you may
substitute egg beaters for the eggs and equal for the sweet and low .
freeze well .

yield : 2 servings




lemon scones

breads , fruits

2 cup flour ; sifted
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon lemon peel ; grated
2 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter ; chilled
1 egg ; slightly beaten
2/3 cup buttermilk ; at room temperature
1 teaspoon lemon extract
1/4 cup currants ; optional
1/4 cup almonds ; blanched and chopped
-- -- glaze -- --
1 1/2 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon sugar

preheat oven to 425f . lightly grease a baking sheet or use nonstick
cooking spray . combine flour , sugar , lemon peel , baking powder and
salt . with a pastry blender or food processor , cut butter into flour
mixture until the texture of coarse meal . add egg , 1/3 cup of the
buttermilk and lemon extract . add remaining buttermilk , a tablespoon
at a time , if needed , to make a soft dough .

turn dough onto a lightly floured board and knead in currants and
almonds . divide dough into half . shape each half into a smooth ball .
press out each ball with your hand into a 6 '' round . cut each round
into 4 wedges . for glaze , mix lemon juice with sugar , brush over
scones . place on baking sheet 1 '' apart . bake in the top third of oven
15 minutes or until golden brown . remove from pan and cool slightly
on wire rack . serve warm . reheat on oven rack at lowest position
under broiler for 2 minutes .

source : medford mail tribune , 4 december 1994 posted by katherine
smith kook-net : the shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 8 scones




blueberry buttermilk muffins

breads , cakes , desserts

2 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
3/4 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 single eggs , beaten
1 cup buttermilk
4 oz butter
1 1/2 cup blueberries

sift dry ingredients together in a large bowl . in another bgowl ,
whish eggs , buttermilk and butter that has been melted and browned
slightly . make a well in dry ingredients and pour in liquid
ingredients , mixing quickly . fold in blueberries . spoon batter into
greased muffin cups and bake til golden brown . bake at 400 f for 20
~30 minutes . makes 24 muffins .

yield : 24 servings




mr. food 's cranberry pear loaf

breads , grains

15 1/2 oz cranberry bread mix
1 cup water
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 egg
16 oz pears drained and finely chopped
1/2 cup chopped almonds
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger

reheat oven to 350 . in a large bowl , combine
all the ingredients and stir until the dry ingredients are moistened .
pour the batter into a 9 x 5 loaf pan that has been coated with the
nonstick baking spray and bake for 60-70 minutes , or until a wooden
toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . remove the loaf
from the oven and allow to cool for 15 minutes , then remove from the
pan and cool completely . use immediately or keep tightly wrapped
until ready to use .

yield : 99 servings




herman coffe cake

breads

2 cup herman
2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup oil
1 cup raisins or dates
1/2 cup nuts
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup melted butter
-- -- ~topping ~ bake at -- --

350 for 30-40 minutes . mix all ingredients and pour into a 13 x 9
pan . top with the topping mixture .

yield : 1 servings




cheesy garlic bread 2

appetizers , breads , cheese/eggs , italian , garlic

1/2 cup butter or margarine , soft
4 cloves garlic , minced
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1 loaf french bread , halved
1 lengthwise ( 1 lb )
3 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese

in a small bowl , combine butter , garlic , and oregano ; spread on cut
sides of bread . sprinkle with parmesan cheese . place on an ungreased
baking sheet . broil for 3 minutes or until golden brown . slice and
serve hot .

yield : 12 servings




basic crumpet

breads

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 or 1 cake compressed yeast
1/4 cup water*
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 cup milk , scalded
1 egg
3 cup all purpose flour

*use very warm water ( 105-115 degrees for dry yeast , lukewarm ( 80-90
degree ) for compressed yeast .

sprinkle dry yeast or crumble cake yeast into water . let stand for a
few minutes ; then stir until dissolved . add sugar , salt , and butter
to warm milk , stirring to dissolve ; cool to lukewarm . add egg , yeast
mixture and flour and beat thoroughly . let batter rise in warm place
for 30 minutes ; with spoon beat for 3 minutes .

repeat rising and beating and then rising again .

pour batter into greased 4 inch muffin rings on medium hot greased
griddle ( 325 degrees on electric griddle ) filling rings one third
full .

bake until well risen and browned on one side . turn over , rings and
all , and brown on other side ( should take about 18 to 20 minutes )

remove , cool , split , and toast .

although crumpets are similar to english muffin , crumpets are softer
in texture with surface holes appearing during the pan cooking ; these
holes enable the crumpet to absorb great quantities of butter .

womans day courtesy of dale & gail shipp , columbia md .

yield : 8 servings




my favorite banana bread

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/8 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon orange rind , grated
2 egg
3/8 cup oil
1 1/2 cup bananas
3/4 cup milk
1 1/8 cup sugar

sift first 5 ingredients , combine remaining ingredients , stir into
dry mix , bake at 350 for 50 minutes in a greased lined loaf pan .

yield : 3 servings




old fashioned buttermilk biscuits

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup cake flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup cold unsalted butter
34 cup buttermilk or more

preheat the oven to 450f ; set rack in middle level . prepare biscuit
dough . combine the flours , salt and baking powder in a mixing bowl
and stir well to mix . rub in the butter by hand or with a pastry
blender until the mixture is mealy . stir in 3/4 cup of the buttermilk
with a fork and continue stirring gently until the dough begins to
hold together . ( if the dough is dry , add more buttermilk , 1
tablespoon at a time . ) sprinkle the work surface generously with
flour and scrape the dough onto it . fold the dough over on itself two
or three times . use the dough immediately . pat dough into a 6-by-12-
inch rectangle and cut into eight 3-inch biscuits with a sharp ,
floured knife . transfer to a parchment-lined cookie sheet . paint tops
with buttermilk . bake for 10 to 15 minutes , until well risen and
golden .

yield : 8 servings




cracklin ' cornbread

breads

2 cup cornmeal
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , beaten
2 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 cup cracklings

combine cornmeal , baking powder , soda and salt in a large bowl ; add
eggs , buttermilk , oil and cracklings , stirring just until dry
ingredients are moistened .

place a well-greased 10-inch cast-iron skillet in a 450 degree oven
for 4 minutes or until hot . remove from oven ; spoon batther into
skillet .

bake at 450 degrees for 25 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 8 servings




grated raw potato starter

breads , potatoes

1 cup warm water
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 cup white flour
1 medium grated potato
1 teaspoon salt

mix the 1 cup warm water , 1-1/2 cups white flour and 1 tsp . each salt
and sugar in a 2-cup measure . add enough grated potato to make 2
cups . place in a wide mouth glass jar or small mixing bowl ( do not
use metal or plastic ) which will hold about 1 quart . cover with a
single thickness of cheesecloth to allow wild yeast from the air to
settle into it for 24 hours . stir well , cover tightly with a
clinging transparent wrap which will cause the moisture to drip back
and keep top of mixture from drying . stir several times a day . in two
or three days it will become foamy and very light . ( the length of
time depends on temperature . 80 ~85 is ideal . it can go a little
below 80 without harm , only slowing the procedure a little , but if it
goes much higher than 85 it will be spoiled . ) then stir well , pour
into glass jar with screw-top lid and store in refrigerator at about
38 degrees . as soon as 1/2 inch of clear liquid has risen to the top
it has ripened enough to start using . do not be concerened if the
mixture turns dark because of the raw potato during the fermentation
period . it does not affect the bread made from it in any way and as
soon as the starter is mature , it will become a snowy white . to renew
starter : add 1-1/2 cups white flour and 1-1/2 cups water each time it
is used so that there are always 2 cups to bake with and 2 full cups
to return to refrigerator . if for some reason it can not be used
regularly about twice a week , add 1 tsp . sugar and stirr well every
three or four days .

from : breads and coffee cakes with homemade starters shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 6 servings




hot water corn bread

breads

1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup boiling water
1 egg beaten
4 tablespoon margarine melted
1 fat for frying

pour boiling water over cornmeal and salt . stir to thick mush . cool
and then add egg and margarine . drop by spoonfuls into little hot fat
and brown on both sides .

yield : 6 1 1/2ngs




pumpernickel bread for the zojirushi

breads

1 1/4 cup water
3 tablespoon molasses
3 tablespoon cocoa
1 1/2 tablespoon dry milk
1 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon instant coffee
1 1/2 cup bread flour
1 cup rye flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup corn meal
1 pkg active dry yeast

1 . measure water , molasses , cocoa , dry milk , butter , slat , instant
coffee , flours , and cornmeal into baking pan . tap containter firmly
to level out ingredients and sprinkle yeast in center of cornmeal .
insert pan securely into unit and close lid . select basic white
bread setting . wait 60 seconds , then press start . the complete light
will flash when bread is complete . using hotpads , remove pan from
unit and pull out kneading rod . turn out onto cooling rack and cool
before slicing . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 loaf




cinnamon bread

breads

1/2 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
2 each eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon each baking powder & soda
2 cup flour
1 cup milk
2 1/2 tablespoon cinnamon
2 1/2 tablespoon sugar

cream sugar & shortening , add eggs and vanilla . add dry ingredients
alternately with milk . grease and flour loaf pan , put in a layer of
batter then sprinkle on a mixture of cinnamon & sugar then another
layer of batter , ending with a layer of batter . bake 1 hour in
350 oven .

yield : 8 servings




boston brown bread - a must with new england

breads

1/2 cup flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup corn meal
3 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 cup dark molasses
1 egg
2 cup milk
1/2 cup melted shortening

sift flour , baking soda , sugar , and salt together . mix in corn meal
and whole wheat flour . add remaining ingredients , mixing only until
all flour is moistened . pour into 2 greased 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pans .
bake at 300f for 1 hour and 15 minutes . remove from pans and cool .

yield : 10 servings




nero wolfe 's corn cakes

breads , side dish

2 cup yellow corn meal
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon powdered sage
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup minced celery
2 large eggs
3 cup milk

combine the corn meal , flour , baking powder , sage and salt in a bowl .
in a small skillet melt the butter and saute the celery until soft .
beat the eggs and add to the corn meal with the celery and butter .
mix well . gradually add the milk , stirring constantly until the
batter is the thickness of heavy cream . heat the griddle , grease it ,
and pour out the batter by spoonfuls to make cakes about two inches
in diameter . turn once so they are nicely browned on both sides . add
more milk to the batter if it begins to thicken . serve as a side dish
with plenty of butter .

yield : 18 servings




malted fruit loaf

breads , cakes

6 oz soft light brown sugar
6 oz butter softened
2 tablespoon malt extract *
3 medium eggs , slightly beaten
3 oz wholemeal self raising flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
8 oz dried mixed fruit
2 teaspoon caster sugar to sprinkle
1 spiced butter to serve**

*malt extract is a dark syruup available in jars from most health food
shops . it gives a moistness & deliciously malty flavour to cakes . **
to make spice butter , simply beat 1/2 tsp ground mixed spice into
75g/3oz butter preheat oven to 180c/360f grease a 2lb loaf tin and
base-line with greased greaseproof paper . place the brown sugar ,
butter and malt extract in a large bowl and beat well until pale &
fluffy . gradually beat in the eggs , 1 tbsp at a time . sift the flours
and cinnamon into the creamed mixture ( making sure any bran remaining
in the sieve from the wholemeal flour is also tipped into the bowl . )
using a metal spoon , gently fold in the flours and cinnamon , followed
by the dried fruit . spoon the mixture into the tin . bake in the oven
for 1 hr . 10 min . until a skewer inserted into the cake comes out
clean . cover the top of the cake if it is browning too quickly . leave
to cool in the tin for 5 min . then turn out on to a cake rack and
allow to cool completely . sprinkle with sugar and serve with spiced
butter if liked .

yield : 12 slices




sauteed greens for piadini

breads , italian

1 lb fresh spinach or swiss chard
1/2 lb broccoli top ( cime di rapa ) or othe ; r bitter greens
1 lb head savoy cabbage
1 salt
1/4 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1 freshly ground pepper

wash spinach and cime di rapa thoroughly . discard the darkest outer
leaves of the cabbage and cut off the stem ; cut cabbage in quarters .

bring 3 or 4 quarts of water to a boil , add 1 tablespoon salt and put
in the cime di rapa . cover loosely top and cook for 8 to 12 minutes .
drain and set aside .

if using chard , cook in exactly the same manner , stalks included , but
in its own water . the cabbage is cooked the same way , but without
salt , for 15 to 20 minutes . if using spinach , cook in a covered pan
with just the water that clings to the leaves , adding salt to taste .
cook until tender , drain , set aside .

gently but firmly squeeze all the moisture you can out of all the
greens . chop together , but not too fine .

put oil and garlic in medium saute pan and saute over medium heat
until garlic becomes lightly colored . add chopped greens , turning
with a fork so they are evenly coated , seasoning with salt and
pepper . saute about 10 minutes , turning frequently . taste and
correct seasoning .

serve hot .

serves 6 .

from `` more classic italian cooking ''

from the san francisco chronicle , 8/10/88 .

posted by stephen ceideberg ; november 10 1992 .

yield : 6 servings




cheese & corn tortillas

breads , mexican , ethnic

16 oz low-fat cottage cheese
1 cup canned kernel corn
6 oz shredded , reduced fat cheddar chees ; e
1/4 cup sliced green onions
2 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro
1/4 teaspoon mexican seasoning
6 flour tortillas ( 6 )
1/2 cup salsa

pre-heat oven to 350 grease 9 x 13 inch baking dish mix first 6
ingredients but reserve 1/2 cup cheddar cheese spoon about 1/2 cup of
mixture down center of each tortilla roll and arrange seam side down
in baking dish top with salsa and remaining 1/2 cup cheddar cheese
bake at 350 for 30 minutes

makes 6 servings ; 280 calories , 8 g fat , 22 g protein , 30 mg
cholesterol , 29 g carbohydrate , 560 mg sodium each

food & wine rt [ * ] category 7 , topic 6 message 192 mon feb 15 , 1993
d.crozier2 [ chiang-stl ] at 00:17 est

mm by qbtomm and sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 ,
gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 6 servings




basic sourdough starter

breads

1 nfxs18b
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
3/4 cup milk
1 cup flour *

dissolve yeast in warm water in 3-qt glass bowl . stir in milk . stir in
flour gradually . beat until smooht . cover with towel ; let stand in
warm , draft-free place until starter begins to ferment , about 24 hrs .
( bubbles will appear on surface of starter ) if starter has not begun
fermentation after 24 hr , discard and begin again . if fermentation
has begun , stir well ; cover tightly with plastic wrap and return to
warm , draft-free place . let stand until foamy , 2-3 days . when starter
has become foamy , stir well ; pour into 1-qt crock or glass jar with
tighlty fitting cover . store in frig . starter is ready to use when a
clear liquid has risen to top . stir before using . use 1 c starter in
recipe ; reserve remaining starter . add 3/4 c milk and 3/4 c flour to
reserved starter . store covered at room temp until bubbles appear ,
about 12 hrs , refrigerate . use starter regularly , every week to 10
days . if the volume of the breads you bake begins to decrease ,
dissolve 1 t yeast in 1/4 c warm water . stir in 1/2 c milk , 3/4 c
flour and the remaining starter . *do not use self rising flour* note :
start bread at night to bake in the morning - or vice versa . before
adding the milk and flour to remaining starter , bake your bread and
judge the volume

yield : 1 servings




coffee can bread

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1 continued ... .

put in bowl and let stand for 15 minutes . while standing , not you the
bread , add 1 tbsp . sugar .

add : 2 more tbsp . sugar 2 tbsp . oil
1 large can evaporated milk 4 cups of flour

beat with mixer . beat well . grease two 1 lb . coffee tins . grease
lid . divide dough into can and cover lightly with lid . let rise until
lid pops up , about 45 minutes . bake at 325 degrees for 50 minutes in
cans .

yield : 1 servings




yogurt rye bread

breads

1 1/2 cup warm water
2 pkg dry yeast
1 cup plain yogurt
1/4 cup 9-grain cereal
1 cup bran flakes
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon butter ; softened
1 cup rye flour
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( or more )
1 tablespoon fennel seeds
2 tablespoon cornmeal
-- -- glaze -- --
1 egg yolk ; mixed with
1 tablespoon water

in a large mixing bowl , stir the warm water and yeast together , and
let stand for a minute or so to dissolve . stir in the yogurt , 9-grain
cereal , bran flakes , salt , butter , rye flour and 1 1/2 cups of the
all-purpose flour . beat vigorously until well blended . add enough
all-purpose flour to make a manageable dough , then turn out onto a
lightly floured surface . knead for a few minutes , then let rest for
10 minutes . resume kneading for a good 10 minutes , until the dough is
elastic , sprinkling on a little more all-purpose flour as necessary
to keep it from being too sticky . knead in the fennel seeds . place in
a large greased bowl , cover with plastic wrap or a clean damp cloth ,
and let rise until double in bulk . punch the dough down and divide
into 3 equal parts . roll each piece into a long round strand about
3/4-inch thick , making them all the same length . pinch the strands
together at one end , and braid . when you 've finished braiding , pinch
both ends together firmly and tuck them under a bit , to give the loaf
a neat look . transfer to a baking sheet that 's been sprinkled with
the cornmeal , cover loosely , and let rise again until double in bulk .
brush with the egg-yolk mixture , and bake in a preheated 350f oven
for 45 minutes . remove from the sheet and cool on a rack . makes 1 loaf

yield : 1 servings




nana 's cure-all banana loaf

breads

1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup sugar
1/3 cup butter
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/4 cup honey
1 teaspoon orange zest
2 eggs
3 large overripe bananas , mashed
3/4 cup chopped black walnuts
1/4 cup chopped dates ( opt )

preheat the oven to 350'f . sift together into a bowl the flour , baking
powder and salt . in another bowl , cream the sugar , butter , vanilla and
honey and add the orange zest . beat in the eggs and bananas .
gradually add the sifted ingredients to the banana mixture . fold in
the nuts and dates . pour the batter into a greased 9x5 '' bread pan and
bake for 1 hour , or until a knife inserted in the center comes out
clean . cool and eat .

yield : 1 loaf




czech dumplings

breads

1 pkg yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 cup milk ; scalded and cooled
1 cup milk ; warm
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup flour
3 slices white bread ; cubed

there are a number of different kinds of dumplings in the czech
cuisine , but if you are serving a pork roast with sauerkraut , i
recommend bread dumplings . make sure you use the drippings from the
roast to make gravy for these ! mix the first three ingredients , let
stand for 10 minutes . mix the warm milk , egg , salt , yeast mixture and
flour . add the bread cubes . knead the resulting dough just as you
would when making bread . let the dough rest in a warm place to rise .
it should double in about 2 hours . knead again ; divide into 3 long
rolls , each about 1 1/2 `` thick . let rise another 1/2 hour . drop the
rolls of dough , one at a time , into a large kettle of boiling water .
boil gently for about 15 minutes . remove with slotted spoons and
place on a buttered platter . keep warm . when ready to serve , slice
the rolls into individual slices by using a length of thread . loop it
around one dumpling and pull tight to slice off a piece about 2 ''
thick . ( this is the fun part ! you can get pretty good at this
garrotting if you practice ! ! ) you should end up with about 2 dozen
slices . my cookbook says , `` these freeze well - steam before serving . ''
( i 've never tried that ! ! ) if you would prefer potato dumplings to
these , just say so . the only problem with them is they sometimes get
a bit `` slimy '' or mushy . i like them that way , but they do n't look as
presentable as the bread dumplings .
ken \ ca

yield : 1 servings




flavored butters

breads , cheese/eggs , fruits , condiments

-- -- cinnamon butter -- --
2 sticks butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon blend together well .
-- -- orange butter -- --
2 sticks butter
1 teaspoon orange rind
1/8 teaspoon mace blend together well .
-- -- strawberry butter -- --
1 stick butter
4 strawberries ripe ; hulled fresh
1 powdered sugar ; to taste
-- -- honeypecan butter -- --
1 -spread
1/3 cup pecans ; in a shallow pan . toast i
1/2 cup butter ; until fluffy ; beat in
1/4 cup honey ; until well combined . then

we had a brunch potluck at work and i made 4 or 5 different breads
with the assorted butters - they make yummy toast ! formatted by
elaine radis

yield : 1 servings




juji 's naan ( leavened flat breads )

breads , indian

3 1/4 cup unbleached white flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup plain yogurt
1 unsalted butter ( optional ) - soften ; ed

sift the flour , baking powder , and salt into a bowl . slowly add as
much yogurt as you need to gather the flour together and make a soft ,
resilient dough . knead for about 10 minutes and form a ball . put the
ball in a bowl and cover the bowl with a damp dishcloth . set aside in
a warm place for 1-1/2 to 2 hours . knead the dough again and divide
into nine equal parts . keep them covered .

heat a cast-iron skillet or griddle over a lowish flame , and preheat
the broiler .

take one of the parts of dough and make a ball out of it . flatten it
and then roll out on a lightly floured surface until you have a round
that is about 1/8 inch thick . when the skillet is very hot , pick up
the naan and slap it onto the heated surface . let it cook slowly for
about 4 to 5 minutes . now put the skillet under the broiler for 1 to
1-1/2 minutes or until the puffing-up process is complete and there
are a few reddish spots on the naan . remove the naan with a spatula
and brush with butter if you like . make all the naans this way ,
keeping them stacked and covered with a clean dishcloth . serve hot .

if you wish to have the naans later , wrap them in a plastic bag when
they have cooled . before you eat , wrap as many as you need in
aluminum foil and heat in an oven at 400 f for 15 minutes .

* source : world-of-the-east vegetarian cooking - by madhur jaffrey *
published in : the herb companion - february/march 1993 * typed for
you by karen mintzias

yield : 9 loaves




nut bread mix

breads

9 cup all-purpose flour*
1/4 cup baking powder
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup shortening

mix flour , baking powder and salt . cut in shortening completely until
particles are size of coarse cornmeal . refrigerate in airtight
container up to 1 month . 10 cups mix . *if using self-rising flour ,
omit baking powder and salt .

yield : 1 servings




ileen 's brown bread

breads , low fat

1 quart warm water
6 tablespoon instant potato flakes
6 cup stone-ground whole wheat
1 flour
4 cup stone-ground rye flour
2 cup steel-cut oatmeal
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup oil
1/2 cup molasses
1 tablespoon salt
3 large eggs , beaten
1 egg mixed with 1 tbsp water
1 for glaze
1 sesame seeds or wheat germ

combine the flours & oatmeal . set aside . whisk together potato
flakes in warm water . add yeast , stirring until dissolved . add the
oil , molasses & salt . beat in 4 cups of the flour mixture until
smooth . cover & let proof 20 -30 minutes or til light & bubbly . stir
down the sponge & add the eggs . gradually add sufficient flour
mixture to make a soft , workable dough that pulls away from the sides
of the bowl . turn out onto a floured surface & knead 8 - 10 minutes
until smooth & resilient . place the dough in a warm , buttered bowl ,
turning to coat the top . cover loosely with plastic wrap & a towel
and let rise until doubled , about 1 - 1 1/2 hours .

punch down the dough & turn out onto a floured surface . divide into 4
equal portions . knead each piece , cover & let rest 10 - 15 minutes .
butter four 8 1/2 '' loaf pans . form the dough into loaves & place in
the pans . cover & let rise until just curved over tops of pans , about
30 -40 minutes . brush the loaves with the glaze & sprinkle with seeds
or wheat germ .

bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes . let cool on wire racks .

yield : 1 servings




red lion inn lemon bread

breads , fruits , quick bread

3/4 cup margarine
2 cup sugar
3 eggs
1 egg yolk
3 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon baking
1 powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cup lemon pudding -- from mix or
1 canned
3 tablespoon milk

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease two loaf pans . in a large bowl ,
cream the margarine and sugar together thoroughly . add the eggs , one
at a time , mixing well after each . sift the dry ingredients together
and add them to the eggs . add the lemon pudding and milk , and mix
until very well blended . pour the batter into the prepared loaf pans .
bake at 350 degrees for 40 to 50 minutes , or until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes out clean . yields 2 loaves .

recipe by : the red lion inn cookbook

yield : 2 servings




homemade biscuit mix

breads

8 cup flour
1/4 cup baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup lard

sift flour , baking powder , and salt together . cut lard into flour
with a pastry blender until the mixture has a fine , even crumb . cover
and store in refrigerator until ready to use . this mixture will keep
for at least a month . makes 10 cups of biscuit mix .

to make biscuits :

add 1/2 cup milk to 2 cups homemade biscuit mix and toss until
combined . turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead gently for
about 20 seconds . pat or roll to 1/2 inch thickness and cut with a
medium-sized ( 2 inch ) biscuit cutter . bake in a preheated 450 f oven
for 12-15 minutes , until golden . serve hot . makes 10-12 biscuits .

origin : hearth and home companion . shared by : sharon stevens .

yield : 10 servings




christmas bread

breads

1 lb frozen bread dough
1/2 cup candied mixed fruit
1/2 cup walnut , chopped
1/4 cup mincemeat
1 cup confectioners sugar
4 teaspoon milk
1/8 teaspoon cardamom , ground

thaw frozen bread dough according to package directions . on a lightly
flowered board pull dough out until it is 12 inches long . knead in the
fruit , mincemeat and the nuts into the dough . with a sharp knife cut
dough into 3 ropes , 12 inches long . press the 3 ropes together on one
end and braid on a greased cookiesheet . let rise in a warm ( 90 )
degree place until double in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . bake in a
preheated oven at 350 degrees f for 25-30 minutes . cool . combine the
sugar , milk and cardamom , spread this glaze over bread . collected out
of a magazine by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny
315-786-1120

yield : 8 servings




four-way sweet bread dough

breads

2 cup starter *
4 to 6 egg yolks plus warm water to m ; ake 2 cups
1 1/2 cup cold water
1 1/2 cup white flour
1/2 cup sugar
3 cup white flour
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup soft lard
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg dry yeast
5 cup white flour
1 cup dried skim milk powder
1/2 teaspoon ginger

*use grated raw potato starter

empty starter from glass jar into large mixing bowl ( do not use metal
or plastic ) . add 1-1/2 cups cold water and 1-1/2 cups white flour .
beat thoroughly . cover tightly ( clinging transparent wrap is good )
and set in warm place ( about 80 ) overnight . wash and scald starter
jar and lid . allow to air out overnight . in the morning stir the
starter thoroughly . pour off 2 cups and set aside . pour remaining 2
cups into glass jar , cover and return to refrigerator . mix the 1/2
cup warm water , 1 tsp . sugar , 1/2 tsp . ginger and 1 pkg . yeast . set
in warm place until foaming nicely . pour the 2 cups reserved starter
into mixing bowl . add 1 cup dried skim milk . beat the egg yolks ( the
more yolks the more tender and flaky the texture ) in a measuring cup
and add enough warm water to make 2 cups . add to the starter mixture
with 1/2 cups sugar and 3 cups white flour . beat well . add the dry
yeast mixture as soon as it is ready and beat thoroughly . add 1/2
cups soft lard , 1-1/2 tsp . salt and 3 cups white flour . stir until
the dough clears the bowl . spread the remaining 2 cups white flour on
the pastry board . turn out dough and knead thoroughly using a little
more flour if necessary to make a smooth nonsticky but not to stiff
dough . return to the bowl . grease top of dough , cover and set in warm
place to rise . when light turn out dough and knead well . divide into
four even portions to make up in the following ways : old world lemon
cookies , grenadine slices , cardamom rolls and raisin log . ( if
fillings have been prepared ahead of time and the other ingredients
needed set out while the dough is rising it will take only about 20
minutes to get all of these made up and into the pans . if they are
made in order listed they will be ready for oven at spaced intervals . )

from : breads and coffee cakes with homemade starters shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 6 servings




quick rising oat bread

breads

1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
3 pkg active dry yeast
2 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup water ; plus ...
1 tablespoon water
1/2 cup aunt jemima syrup or- lite syrup
1/2 cup margarine or butter
4 cup all-purpose flour - ( less may be ne ; eded )

generously grease two 8x4 or 9x5-inch loaf pans . in large mixer bowl ,
combine whole wheat flour , oats , yeast and salt . heat 1-3/4 cups
water , syrups , and margarine until very warm ( 120 to 130 degrees f ) .
pour over oats mixture ; add 2 eggs . beat at low speed of electric
mixer 1 minute . continue beating at medium speed 2 minutes . gradually
stir in enough all-purpose flour to make a soft dough . on lightly
floured surface , knead in enough remaining flour until dough becomes
smooth and elastic ; about 10 minutes . place dough in large greased
bowl . cover ; let rise in warm place about 45 minutes or until double
in size .

punch dough down . divide into 2 parts ; shape each into ball . allow
dough to rest , covered with inverted bowl , about 15 minutes . shape
each ball into loaf . place in prepared pans . cover ; let rise in warm
place about 1/2 hour or until double in size .

heat oven to 375 f. combine remaining egg and 1 tablespoon water ;
brush over loaves . bake 30 to 35 minutes or until loaves sound
hollow when tapped lightly . immediately remove loaves from pans . cool
on wire rack .

2 loaves ( 18 slices each )

nutritional analysis per slice : * calories 111 * carbohydrates 18 g *
protein 3 g * fat 3 g * calcium 10 mg * sodium 160 mg * cholesterol
25 mg * dietary fiber 1 g

source : `` hurry , let 's eat ! '' reprinted with permission from the quaker
oats company electronic format courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 2 loaves




xiao long tang bao*

breads , pork , chinese

11 oz pork loin with some fat , chopped or ; ground coarse
2 teaspoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 tablespoon scallion greens , chopped
1 1/2 teaspoon ginger root , chopped fine
6 tablespoon water
1/4 cup stiff aspic ( jellied stock )
1/4 recipe basic yeast dough

the chinese for this dish can be transliterated as anything from `` show
loong tong bow '' to `` hsiao lung t'ang pao '' to xiao long tang bao*
little juicy steamed rolls ... juicy steamed buns with pork

mix first 8 ingredients . divide into 24 portions . cut aspic into 24
portions . knead dough 5 min ; roll out into a thin baguette ; cut into
24 pieces . flatten each piece into a 2 '' round ; then go around with
your fingers and squeeze the edges thin - the result should be a
medium-thin center and a thin outside . put 1 portion ( 1/2 oz ) filling
in the center of each round ; top with 1 portion of aspic . bring up
the sides of each round and twist up in a decorative pattern , making
sure to seal the top . if holes appear , patch them at once !

put each dumpling on a square of waxed paper or a piece of bok choy
leaf and steam , preferably in a bamboo steamer , for 8 min . serve hot .

note on aspic :

if you do n't have any on hand , use about 1 1/2 c of homemade chicken
broth ( or good-quality canned low-salt broth ) : boil 1 c of broth ,
uncovered , for about 2 min ( reducing it quite a bit ) while dissolving
1 envelope gelatin in the other 1/2 c. mix together and stir over low
heat until all gelatin is dissolved . chill . this will make a hard
aspic , enough for 3 recipes of this dim sum .

yield : 24 servings




cheese brioche 2

breads

1 single see cheese brioche 1 for i

bake in a 375 f oven for 30-35 minutes until light golden brown
and puffy . let cool 10 minutes . brioche will deflate . remove from
pan . slice into 1-2 inch slices . serve hot or at room-temperature
on a wooden cutting board .
yields 16 slices .

yield : 4 servings




basil-parmesan scones

appetizers , breads

1 recipe buttermilk bisquits
1/2 cup parmesan
1 tablespoon basil
1 dash garlic & onion
1 powder , black pepper

there 's a bakery near me called aunt mary 's ( are you listening ,
sallie ? ) and they have the most wonderful basil-parmesan scones . one
day i experimented and was pleased to find a pretty good facsimile .

just add the above ingredients along with all the other dry
ingredients and proceed as above . these are a nice change of pace
from italian or garlic bread . or cut with smaller cutter and serve as
appetizer ( do n't forget to reduce baking time if smaller ) .

yield : 4 servings




chapati ( phulka )

breads , indian

1 cup whole wheat flour ( or 1/3
1 white + 2/3 wh .
1/2 cup water

1 . put flour in a large bowl with half the water 2 . blend the two
together until it holds . 3 . beat and knead well until it forms a
compact ball . 4 . knead dough into it is smooth and elastic . 5 . set
aside for 30 minutes . 6 . knead and divide dough into 4 to 6 parts 7 .
roll each ball into a tortilla like flat , about 1/8 '' thick . 8. heat
an ungreased skillet . 9 . put phulka on it and let cook for about 1
minute . 10 . turn and cook the second side for 2/3 minute till small
bubbles form . 11 . turn again and cook the first side pressed lightly
with a towel . it should puff . serve warm ( maybe slightly buttered ) .

note : as the rolled out chappatis will dry out if they are left stand
while cooking other , it is advantageous to roll them out
individually before cooking them .

at step 9 , the top should just start to look dry and small bubbles to
form .

recipe by : somesh rao

yield : 3 servings




welsh batch scone

beverages , breads , fruits/nuts

2 cup self-rising flour
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground mace
1/4 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 cup solid vegetable shortening , cut in ; chunks
3/4 cup superfine sugar
1/4 cup raisins ( plumped )
1/3 cup pitted dates , quartered
1/4 cup milk ( about )
1 egg yolk , beaten
1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar
1 butter

rich and spicy , the scone is baked in one piece .

preheat oven to 400f ( 205c ) . grease a large baking sheet ; set aside .
sift flour , cinnamon , ginger , cloves , mace and coriander unto a large
bowl . with your fingers , rub in shortening until mixture is crumbly .
add sugar , raisins , and dates ; mix well . turn out onto baking sheet
and pat with your hands to make an 8-inch round about 3/4-inch thick .
with a sharp knife , score top in 8 wedges . brush with egg yolk and
sprinkle with brown sugar . bake about 20 minutes or until golden
brown . transfer to wire rack and cool about 5 minutes . serve warm
with butter .

yield : 8 servings




drop dumplings

breads , misc

2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon shortening

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder and salt . cut in
shortening . add sufficient milk to make a drop batter . drop by
spoonfuls into boiling liquid . cover closely and cook about 10
minutes . the liquid must be kept boiling during the entire 10
minutes . serve at once . 8 servings . the household searchlight - 1941

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




scheiterhaufen ( log pyre )

breads , german

6 sliced rolls or an equivalent amoun ; t of sliced
1 white [ french ] bread
4 tablespoon sugar
3 to 4 eggs
1 teaspoon ( heaped ) cinnamon
125 gm raisins and sultanas ( 4 1/2 oz )
1/4 liter milk ( 1 cup plus 1 tbsp )
1 dash salt
75 gm butter ( 1/3 cup )

mix the milk , eggs , cinnamon and sugar and beat until smooth . cut the
rolls into quarter inch thick slices , dip into the milk mixture , and
then arrange in layers in a buttered baking dish . scatter raisins and
sultanas in between the layers .

dribble leftover liquid ( if any ) on top of the sliced rolls , and then
dot the top with small dabs of butter .

in order to keep the surface from drying out , cover the top of the
dish with aluminum foil . bake at 350 degrees f for about 30 minutes .

serves 4 .

from : d'schwaebisch ' kuche ' by aegidius kolb and leonhard lidel ,
allgaeuer zeitungsverlag , kempten . 1976 . ( translation/conversion :
karin brewer ) posted by : karin brewer , cooking echo , 8/92

yield : 4 servings




lois'irish stew

breads , main dish

-- -- from lois flack -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs ( 315 ) 7861120 -- --
1 * * * * * * *
2 lb lamb , cut in 1-inch cubes
1 lb potatoes , peeled and cut in cubes
1 lb carrots , peeled and sliced
1 lb onions , quartered and sliced
2 bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon thyme , crushed
1/2 teaspoon rosemary

cover the lamb with water and boil for 15 minutes . drain and dry
the meat . combine meat and vegetables . tie the herbs in a small
cloth bag , add to the mixture . add enough water to almost cover .
simmer for 1 hour and 30 minutes . remove the herb bag and serve .

serves 6 to 8 .

source : `` the cookin ' o'the green '' - february '94 edition - family
magazine

typed for you by lois flack , cyberealm bbs , watertown , ny .

yield : 6 servings




matzoh balls

breads , jewish

4 large eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup water
1 1/4 cup matzo meal
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 quart chicken stock

matzoh balls

combine the eggs , salt , pepper and ginger in a china , glass or
enamelware mixing bowl . beat well with a wire whisk or use a
blender . beat in the oil , water , matzo meal and baking powder . chill
the mixture for 30 minutes or longer , or chill overnight . bring a
large quantity of salted water to a boil . shape the mixture into 16
balls and drop them into the water . simmer for 30 minutes . serve in
hot chicken stock/soup .

yield : 6 servings




dilly casserole bread ( 1960 )

breads , yeast , bake off

2 cup up to ...
2 2/3 cup flour
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon up to ...
3 teaspoon instant minced onion
2 teaspoon dill seed
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup creamed cottage cheese
1 egg
2 teaspoon butter , melted
1/4 teaspoon coarse salt ( opt )

lightly spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . in large
bowl , cimbine 1 c flour , sugar , onion , dill seed , 1 t salt , baking
soda and yeast ; mix well .
in small saucepan , heat water , 1 t butter and cottage cheese
until very warm ( 120 to 130 degrees ) . add warm liquid and egg to
flour mixture . blend at low speed until moistened ; beat 3 minutes at
medium speed . by hand , stir in remaining 1 c to 1 2/3 c flour to form
a stiff batter . cover loosely with greased plastic wrap and cloth
towel . let rise in warm place ( 80 to 85 degrees ) until light and
doubled in size , 45 ot 60 minutes .
generously grease 1 1/2 or 2 quart casserole . stir down dough to
remove all air bubbles . turn into greased casserole . cover ; let rise
in warm place until light and doubled in size , 30 to 45 minutes .
heat oven to 350 degrees . uncover dough . bake 30 to 40
minutes or until deep golden brown and loaf sounds hollow when
lightly tapped . immediately remove from casserole ; cool on wire rack .
brush warm loaf with melted butter ; sprinkle with coarse salt .

yield : 1 loaf




maravianspice bread

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
2 pkg yeast
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
2 cup water
1 cup instant mashed potatoes
1/2 cup margerine
1 cup raisins
1 1/2 cup to 2 1/2c flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg

combine flour , yeast , sugar , salt , cinnamon and nutmeg in large mixer
bowl . heat water , mashed potato , and margerine until very warm . butter
does not need to melt . add to flour mixture stir to moisten . beat 3
minutes at med . speed . by hand stir in raisins and 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 c
flour . let rise 50 minutes to double size . punch down , kneed . divide
in 1/2 ; shape each piece into a 9 inch roll , pinching edges to seal .
place seam side down in loaf pans . let rise . bake at 400 for 25-35
minutes . brush with butter and mixture of sugar and nutmeg . converted
by mmconv vers . 1.10

yield : 2 servings




sourdough banana bread

breads

1/2 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
1 each large egg
1 cup mashed bananas
1 cup active sourdough starter
2 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup chopped walnuts
1 teaspoon vanilla or
1 teaspoon grated orange peel

cream together the shortening and sugar , add egg and mix until
blended . stir in bananas and sourdough starter . add orange peel or
vanilla . stir flour and measure again with salt , baking powder and
soda . add flour mixture and walnuts to the first mixture , stirring
until just blended . pour into greased 9 x 5-inch loaf pan . bake in
350 degree oven for 1 hour or until toothpick comes out clean . cool
to cold before slicing .

yield : 12 servings




traditional pizza dough

breads , pizza

-- -- norma wrenn npxr56b -- --
2 3/4 cup bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon active dried yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
3/4 cup warm water ( about )
1 tablespoon olive oil

in a small bowl , combine yeast , sugar and 1/4 cup water ; leave until
frothy . add yeast liquid to flour with remaining water and oil . mix
to a soft dough ; knead on a floured surface 10 minutes until smooth .
place in a greased bowl ; cover with plastic wrap . let rise in a warm
place 45 minutes or until doubled in size . punch down dough and knead
briefly . oil an 12-inch pizza pan . place dough in center of pan ;
press out to edges with you knuckles . pinch up edges to make a rim .
use as directed in recipe . variations : if perferred , bake in a 14 '' x
10 '' jellyroll pan , or as 4 individual pizzas . herb or nut pizza
dough : knead 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs ( or 1 tablespoon dried
herbs ) into the dough . if prefered , knead 1 ounce chopped walnuts
into the dough . whole-wheat pizza dough : use 2-1/4 cups whole-wheat
flour and 1/4 cup wheat germ . add extra water as required to form a
soft dough . cornmeal pizza dough : use 2-1/1 cups bread flour and 1/3
cup cornmeal . source : the pizza & pasta cookbook , contributing
authors : sarah bush and lesley mackley with more than 500 color
illustrations

yield : 1 servings




quick sourdough starter

breads

2 cup flour
1 tablespoon yeast ( 1 package )
1 1/2 cup water 105 - 115 deg . f .

in a large bowl mix the yeast with the water and allow to proof for
about 10 minutes . if the yeast does n't start to puff up and bubble ,
discarded and start over with fresh yeast .

sprinkle the flour into the yeast mixture and beat into a thick
batter . the batter does n't have to be too smooth as the action of the
yeast will break down any lumps . cover the bowl with plastic wrap and
let stand in a warm ( 80-85 f or 25-30 c ) place for about 24 hours , or
until it is nice and frothy . you can use the starter right away or
let it age for up to 3 days longer to develope a richer flavor . store
starter in fridge between uses and use or replenish every two weeks .

you can use any flour or combination of flours to make the starter ;
some rye and buckwheat added to all-purpose makes a nice blend .

to replenish the starter : mix equal parts of water and flour ( about a
cup of each is good ) and add to the starter at least every two weeks .
let the starter age in a warm place for 6 to 24 hours , then use or
return to the fridge .

yield : 1 starter




grandma 's cinnamon buns

breads , desserts

3/4 cup milk
1/3 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup shortening
2 pkg or cakes yeast
1/2 cup warm or lukewarm water
2 eggs well beaten
4 cup sifted all purpose flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup melted butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup chopped nuts

scald milk . add sugar , salt and shortening and cool to lukewarm .
dissolve yeast in water , with 1 tsp . sugar . stir in lukewarm milk
mixture . add eggs and 2 cups flour and beat until smooth . stir in
remaining flour . turn dough out on lightly floured board and knead
until smooth and elastic . place dough in greased bowl and brush top
with soft shortening . cover , let rise in warm place ( 85 f. ) until
double in bulk , about
1 hour .

divide dough in half . roll out each half into an oblong about 14 x 9
inches . brush lightly with butter . combine 3/4 cup sugar and
cinnamon . sprinkle evenly over the two oblongs . roll up as for jelly
roll to make a roll 9-inches long . cut each roll into 9 equal pieces .
pour 1/2 cup melted butter into two 9-inch layer cake pans or three
8-inch layer pans . combine brown sugar and nuts and sprinkle evenly
over melted butter in pans . place rolls , cut side up in pans . cover .
let rise in warm place until double in bulk , about one hour . bake in
moderate oven ( 350 f ) for about 30 minutes . invert pan and allow pan
to stay over rolls for a minutes so syrup runs down sides of rolls .
remove pan . makes 18 rolls .

enjoy ... ...

** > > april < < **

yield : 18 servings




walnut beer bread

breads

1 1/2 cup warm beer
2 pkg active dry yeast
4 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour - or a ; s needed
1/2 cup rye flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup walnut oil
1 cup finely chopped yellow onion
3/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts
1 egg
2 teaspoon ; water
1 fresh or dried rosemary

heat the beer to 105 to 115 f. and pour 1/2 cup into a small bowl .
stir in the yeast and let stand 10 minutes .

mix the flours , sugar and salt in a large bowl . make a well in the
center . pour the yeast mixture , oil and remaining 1 cup beer into the
well and stir until blended .

knead dough on a floured surface until smooth and elastic , about 10
minutes , adding more flour if necessary .

coat a large bowl with walnut oil . place the dough in the bowl and
turn to coat with oil . cover with a damp towel and let rise in a
warm place until doubled in bulk . ( you can also let the dough rise
overnight in a cool place or in the refrigerator . )

punch dough down and knead in the onion and walnuts until evenly
distributed throughout the dough .

divide dough in half . divide each half into thirds . using your
hands , roll each of the pieces into 12 '' long ropes . braid 3 ropes
together to form a loaf . tuck the ends under and place on an 18 x
12 '' baking sheet . repeat with remaining dough , placing it on the same
baking sheet . cover and let rise until doubled in bulk , 45 minutes to
1 hour .

beat the egg and 2 tsp . water in a small bowl . brush the tops of the
loaves with the egg wash and sprinkle with rosemary . bake at 375 f .
until crusty and brown , 45 to 50 minutes . cool in the pans for 10
minutes . turn out onto wire racks and cool completely .

the authors write : `` a hearty and rustic bread that makes an excellent
picnic lunch with cheese , especially goat 's milk cheese . take your
favorite full-bodied red wine along . ''

from _the silver palate good times cookbook_ by julee rosso and sheila
lukins . new york : workman publishing company , inc. , 1984 . isbn
0-89480-831-1 . pp . 232-233 . electronic format by cathy harned .

yield : 2 loaves




tra-la coffee cakes

breads , breakfast

10 california dried figs - ( stewed and ; drained )
2 eggs
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoon shortening ; melted
1 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
-- -- topping -- --
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3 tablespoon butter or margarine ; melted
1 chopped walnut meats - ( if desired )

snip stems from figs , cut them into small bits . combine figs , eggs ,
sugar , milk , shortening . beat together until well mixed . sift flour ,
measure and sift again with salt and baking powder .

add to first mixture , stir until just mixed . place paper baking cups
into muffin tins . spoon batter into cups , filling them half full .
sprinkle with topping . bake in moderately hot oven ( 375 f. ) for about
15 minutes or until light brown and firm to touch .

source : 48 family favorites with california figs reprinted with the
permission of the california fig advisory board electronic format
courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 16 cakes




millet bread

breads , gluten-free , yeast

1 cup plain yogurt or buttermilk
1/4 cup butter
1 tablespoon honey
1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
2 eggs
2 cup am millet flour
1/2 cup am soy flour

combine yogurt and butter in saucepan , heating slowly to melt butter .
dissolve yeast and honey in the warm water ; add yogurt mixture and
blend . beat in eggs ; add flours and beat well . pour into well-oiled
4 '' x 8 '' loaf pan and let rise for 45 minutes . bake at 375 f. for
40-45 minutes or until done . cool before cutting .

source : arrowhead mills `` recipes for special dietary needs '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




bread dumplings ( sourdough )

breads , side dish

2 cup sourdough batter ; proofed
1 cup milk
3 large eggs
6 cup flour , all-purpose
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
6 toast slices ; cut in cubes

recipe by : randy pollak in a very large mixing bowl combine flour ,
baking powder , salt and toast cubes ; mix well . in a medium bowl beat
eggs slightly ; add sourdough batter and milk . stir until well
combined . pour batter mixture into flour mixture and mix dough until
smooth . divide dough into four equal pieces and shape each piece into
small rectangular loaves . set on wax paper , cover with plastic wrap
and then a dish towel . allow dough to rest for at least 1 hour .
prepare a large dutch oven by placing a vegetable steamer inside and
add water until it comes to just below the steamer . cover and bring
to boil . reduce heat but it must be high enough to create steam .
place 1 or 2 ( depending on size as loaves will better than double in
size ) loaves unto steamer and for about 20 minutes or until a
toothpick inserted into center of loaf comes out clean . four loaves
is enough for about 12-16 servings . note : dumplings may also be
boiled , in which case you must cut each loaf in half ; however
steaming produces larger and lighter dumplings . if you wish you may
refrigerate dumplings until cold carefully slice and wrap in plastic
wrap then foil and freeze .

yield : 1 servings




corn & zucchini muffins

breads , breakfast , low cal , low fat

1 1/4 cup low-fat milk
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 large egg whites or 1 each egg
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup whode wheat flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shredded zucchini ( 1/2 med )
1/2 cup cooked whole kernel corn

heat oven to 400 . spray bottoms only of 12 medium muffin cups , 2
1/2 '' x 1 1/4 '' inches with nonstick cooking spray or line with paper
baking cups . beat milk , oil and egg in medium bowl . stir in flours ,
baking powder and salt . fold in zucchini and corn . divide batter
evenly among muffin cups ( cups will be very full ) . bake 22 to 24
minutes or until golden brown . remove from pan .

yield : 12 each




do it yourself croutons

breads

4 slices bread*
2 tablespoon parmesan cheese
1/4 teaspoon oregano
1/4 teaspoon celery salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
2 tablespoon salad oil

slice bread ( homemade ) into 3/8 in . cubes and place in a bowl . add
seasonings and oil . toss well to mix .
place on cookie sheet . bake at 300 * until crisp .
cool . store in a glass jar . from tightwad gazette , ellen marston .

yield : 4 servings




green pepper bread

breads , german

300 gm flour , wheat
350 gm flour , rye
700 gm leaven
20 gm salt
20 gm yeast , fresh
300 cc water , 40c
100 cc apple-juice
5 gm pepper , green from madagascar

prepare the pepper as following three days before baking . give pepper
in 100 cc apple-juice and change every day . give the flour in a pot ,
mix well with pepper , add salt and yeast at different ends of the
pot , add water while stirring , add leaven . knead well during 5 min .
cover and let rest for 30 min . knead well and form as you like . cover
and let rest 60 min . til it doubled its volume . bake in preheated
oven at 225c for 70 min . if you divide the paste in two parts the
baking time would be 50 min .

yield : 1 servings




injera ( ethiopian flat bread )

breads , vegetarian

1 3/4 cup flour
1/2 cup self-rising flour
1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 pkg dry yeast
2 1/2 cup water ; warm
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine the flours and yeast in a ceramic or glass bowl . add the warm
water and mix into a fairly thin , smooth batter .
let the mixture sit for three full days at room temperature .
stir the mixture once a day . it will bubble and rise . when you are
ready to make the injera , add the baking soda and salt and let the
batter sit for 10-15 minutes . heat a small , nonstick 9-inch skillet .
when a drop of water bounces on the pan 's surface , take about 1/3 cup
of the batter and pour it in the skillet quickly , all at once . swirl
the pan so that the entire bottom is evenly coated , then return to
heat . the injera is cooked only on one side and the bottom should not
brown . when the moisture has evaporated and lots of `` eyes '' appear on
the surface , remove the injera . let each injera cool and then stack
them as you go along . if the first injera is undercooked , try using
less of the mixture , perhaps 1/4 cup , and maybe cook it a bit longer .
be sure not to overcook it . injera should be soft and pliable so that
it can be rolled or folded , like a crepe .

nutritional information per serving : xx calories , xx gm protein , xx
gm carbohydrate , xx gm fat , x % calories from fat , x mg chol , xx mg
sodium , x g dietary fiber

posted on genie food & wine rt mar 07 , 1993 by j.prince13 [ dale ]

from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $
71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005 , internet
sylvia.steiger @ lunatic.com

yield : 1 servings




skillet-sizzled buttermilk cornbread

breads

1 cup stone-ground yellow cornmeal
1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/4 cup bulgarian-style buttermilk
1 large egg
2 tablespoon sugar ; ( or more )
1/4 cup corn oil
1 vegetable cooking spray
2 tablespoon butter ; up to 4 tb

preheat oven to 375f . in a large bowl , combine the cornmeal , flour ,
baking powder and salt . in a small bowl , stir the baking soda into
the buttermilk . in a second bowl , whisk together the egg , sugar to
taste , the oil , and then whisk in the buttermilk .

spray an 8-9 '' cast-iron skillet with vegetable cooking spray . put the
skillet over medium-high heat , add the butter , and heat until the
butter melts and is just starting to sizzle . tilt the pan to coat the
bottom and sides .

add the wet ingredients to the dry , and quickly stir together , using
only as many strokes as needed o combine . scrape the batter into the
hot , buttery skillet . immediately put the skillet in the oven and
bake until golden brown , about 25 minutes . cut into wedges to serve .

source : `` dairy hollow house : soup & bread , '' by crescent dragonwagon
typed by katherine smith kook-net : the shadow zone iv - stinson
beach , ca

yield : 8 servings




gobi paratha

breads , indian , vegetarian

3 cup flour
1 1/2 cup finely grated cauliflower or- steam ; ed cabbage
2 tablespoon ghee
1 bunch sliced coriander leaves ( 1 handful ; )
3 green chilies ; minced
1 each 1/2 piece ginger ; minced
1 tablespoon mango powder
1 a few sliced mint leaves
1 salt
1 chili powder

mix together salt and flour . rub in ghee , then add enough water to
make a stiff dough . mix together the rest of the ingredients . divide
the dough in lemon-sized balls . then roll out each ball into a not
too thin disc or a chapati on a floured board . spread the
cauliflower mixture on one round chapati and cover with another round
chapati . seal the edges nicely , sprinkle a little dry flour on top ,
then roll out the paratha as thinly and as roundly as you can , being
careful not to break it . grease a smoking tava or a girdle [ uhhh ... i
think they mean a `` griddle '' -km ] with ghee and place the paratha over
it . when the undersize [ sic ] turns a little golden coloured , apply
ghee on the top and turn over . press gently and cover this side also
with some ghee . keep turning and applying a little ghee until the
paratha turns golden coloured . serve it piping hot with a tablespoon
of butter and a bowl of seasoned curds .

source : cooking the punjabi way -- by aroona reejhsinghani typed for
you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 batch




rice batter bread ii

breads , quick & easy , no-gluten

2 cup am brown rice flour
2 tablespoon non-alum baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1/4 cup potato starch or other flour
2 eggs ; beaten ( optional )
1 cup water or soymilk
2 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil
3 tablespoon honey

mix dry ingredients and liquid ingredients separately ; then combine
both mixtures . pour into oiled and floured 4 '' x 8 '' loaf pan and bake
45-50 minutes at 350 f. let cool completely in pan .

source : arrowhead mills `` recipes for special dietary needs '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 1 4x8 '' loaf




dumplings # 1

breads , penndutch

2 cup flour
1 tablespoon butter
1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 single milk

sift the flour , baking powder and salt into a bowl . add the butter
and work in with pastry blender or finger tips . add sufficient milk
to make a stiff batter . turn out on a well-floured board and roll
about 1/2 inch thick . cut in small squares and drop in hot liquid and
cook for 20 or 25 minutes . cooking utensil must always have a tight
fitting cover or else dumplings will be heavy . source : pennsylvania
dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




banana bread iv

breads , low cal

1 3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2/3 cup sugar
1/2 cup applesauce
4 egg whites
2 tablespoon skim milk
1 cup mashed ripe bananas

in mixing bowl , stir together flour , baking powder , baking soda . in
another bowl , combine sugar and applesauce ; add egg whites and milk ,
beating until smooth . add flour mixture alternately with bananas to
applesauce mixture . bake in pam-sprayed 9x5x4-inch loaf tin for 60
minutes at 350 degrees . ( if desired , bake in smaller pans for less
time . ) cool in pan 10 minutes . remove from pan ; place on wire rack .
makes 1 loaf with 0.5 grams/fat per serving .

yield : 12 servings




raised waffles ( 10/07/93 )

breads , breakfast

1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 110 deg f )
1 3/4 cup milk , scalded & cooled
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 eggs
1/4 cup softened butter
2 cup flour , sifted

in a mixing bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water . add milk , sugar and
salt . beat in eggs , butter and flour with mixer . cover and let rise
for 1 1/2 hours . stir down . cover and chill in refrigerator overnight
or until ready to use . when ready to prepare , stir down and pour into
hot waffle iron . bake until golden brown . serve with syrup or
powdered sugar .

yield : 8 servings




cornbread with corn

breads

1 cup self rising cornmeal
1/2 cup butter or margarine , melted
2 eggs , beaten
1 cup cream-style corn
1 cup sour cream
2 tablespoon grated onion

combine and mix well all ingredients . heat a well greased 9 inch
cast iron skillet in a 400 degree ovne for 3 minutes or until very
hot . pour batter into hot skillet . bake at 400 for 40 minutes or
until golden brown . cool 10 minute . cut cornbread into wedges to
serve .

yield : 8 servings




old-fashioned sticky buns 1 of 2

breads , holiday , breakfast

2 pkg quick-rise yeast
2/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon ground cardamon ; optional
7 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( about )
1 3/4 cup milk
1 margarine or butter
3 large eggs
2 cup walnuts ; chopped
1 1/2 cup golden raisins
1 dark brown sugar
2 tablespoon corn syrup
1/4 cup confectioner 's sugar

about 3 hours before serving or day ahead :

1 . in a large bowl , combine yeast , sugar , salt cardamon and 3 cups
flour . in 2-quart saucepan over low heat , heat milk and 6 tbsp .
margarine or butter ( 3/4 stick ) until very warm ( 125 ` f to 130 ` f . )
margarine or butter does not need to melt completely .

2 . with mixer at low speed , gradually heat warm liquid and eggs into
dry ingredients just until blended , scraping bowl often with rubber
spatula . increase speed to medium ; beat 3 minutes . with wooden spoon ,
stir in 4 cups flour to make a soft dough .

3 . turn dough onto floured surface and knead until smooth and
elastic , about 10 minutes , working in more flour ( about 1/2 cup )
while kneading . shape dough into a ball ; cover and rest 15 minutes .

4 . meanwhile , in small saucepan over low heat , melt 6 tbsp .
margarine or butter ( 3/4 stick ) . in medium bowl , mixed chopped ,
raisins , and 1 cup packed brown sugar . grease 17x11 1/2-inch roasting
pan .

yield : 20 rolls




bisquick blueberry muffins

breads , fruits

1 egg
2 cup baking mix , ( bisquick )
1/3 cup sugar
2/3 cup milk
2 tablespoon oil , vegetable
3/4 cup blueberries , fresh or frozen
1 ( thawed and drained )

heat oven to 400 degrees . grease bottoms only of 12 medium muffin
cups or line with paper baking cups . beat eggs slightly in medium
bowl ; stir in remaining ingredients except blueberries just until
moistened . fold blueberries into batter . divide batter evenly among
cups . bake 15-18 minutes or until golden brown .

yield : 12 servings




banana - apple bread*

breads , diabetic

1/2 cup reduced-calorie margarine
1 sugar substitute to equal
1 1 cup sugar plus 2 tb
2 eggs
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup peeled , coarsley chopped
1 apples
3 medium bananas , chopped
1 vegetable cooking spray

cream margarine in a large bowl ; gradually add sugar
substitute , beating at medium speed until light and fluffy.add eggs
and beat until thick and lemon coloured.combine flour and baking
powder ; add to creamed mixture , mixing well.fold in apple and
banana.spoon batter into a loafpan coated with cooking spray.bake at
350 for 65 to 70 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center
comes out clean.lcool in pan 10 minutes ; remove from pan , and cool
completely on a wire rack .

exchanges : 1 starch 1 fat

serving size : 1 ( 1/2 '' ) slice

per serving : calories 123 fiber 1gm sodium 142mg
cholesterol 23mg carbohydrates 21gm
protein 3gm fat 4gm

from the complete step by step diabetic cookbook

typed by g.major 01\08\96

from : georgina major date : 06-02-96

yield : 16 slices




buttons & bow knots

breads

2 cup biscuit mix ( w/baking powder )
1/3 cup half and half or milk
2 tablespoon sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 cup butter , melted
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

heat oven to 400 degrees . mix together first six ingredients . beat
vigorously gently smooth dough into a ball on lightly floured board .
knead five times . roll dough 1/2-inch thick . cut with floured
doughnut cutter . to make bow knots , hold opposite sides of each
doughnut ring with fingers and twist to form a figure 8 . place holes
( buttons ) and bow knots on ungreased baking sheet . bake 8 to 10
minutes . immediately dip each button and bow knot into melted butter ,
then into sugar , coating all sides . serve warm . makes 8 buttons and
bow knots or 8 doughnuts .

yield : 6 servings




lemon nut bread

breads

1/3 cup margarine ( soft )
2/3 cup sugar
3 each egg whites
2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup white flour
1 cup skim milk
1 1/2 teaspoon dried lemon rind
3 tablespoon chopped nuts

preheat oven to 350 . creanm together margarine and sugar . add egg
whites and mix thoroughly . combine dry ingredients and add the above
alternatly with milk . stir in lemon rind and nuts . bake in a lightly
oiled 9=by-5-inch loaf pan for 60 minutes or until wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean . remove bread from oven . mix 1/3
cup powdered sugar with 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice until smooth
and pour over warm bread . allow to sit for 20 minutes , then remove
bread from pan .

yield : 16 servings




mexican cornbread # 2

breads , mexican

1 1/2 cup plain cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup cream style corn
2 eggs or egg sub .
1 large bell pepper ( chop fine )
1 teaspoon butttermilk
2 jalopeno peppers ( chop fine )
2 cup sharp cheese - grated
1/2 cup chopped onion
2/3 cup cooking oil
1 few shakes garlic powder

contributed to the echo by : karen lamm originally from : mom mexican
cornbread

mix all ingredients except cheese . heat greased iron skillet and pour
1/2 the mixture into the pan . put 1/2 of the grated cheese on top ,
then pour remaining mix over it . put rest of the cheese on top . bake
for 35 minutes at 350f . cool for at least 30 minutes before cutting .

yield : 8 servings




cherry crumb coffee cake

breads

1/4 cup butter or margarine
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 cup sour cream or plain low fat ogurt
1/4 cup milk
2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt ; optional
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
21 oz cherry pie filling ; can
1 topping :
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3 teaspoon butter or margarine
1/2 cup chopped nutmeats

in mixing bowl , cream together butter and sugar . add eggs , one at a
time . mix well . add remaining ingredients except pie filling . beat
well . spread half of the batter in a greased 13 x 9 '' baking pan .
spread cherry pie filling over batter . cover with remaining batter .
for topping : combine all ingredients except butter and nuts in a
small mixing bowl . cut in butter . stir in nuts . sprinkle topping over
batter . bake @ 350 degrees about 45 minutes until cakesprings back
when lightly pressed with finger .

yield : 1 servings




filled cheese muffins

breads , cheese/eggs , breakfast

2 tablespoon carrot ; shredded
2 cup biscuit mix
2 tablespoon onion ; finely chopped
1/2 cup sharp cheddar cheese ; shrede
2 teaspoon celery ; finely chopped
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon butter or margarine
1 egg ; slightly beaten
1 can deviled ham ( 4 1/2oz )
2/3 cup milk

preheat oven to 400f . in a small skillet , cook the carrots , celery ,
and oni breakfast ideas ? ? ? ? ? jan , can you tell i love breakfast ? i
could eat it an

yield : 4 servings




roti ( flat whole-wheat bread )

breads , digest

2 cup chappati flour
1 or
1 cup whole-wheat flour mixed w/
1 cup cake flour
1 additional flour for
1 dusting

put the flour in a bowl . slowly add enough water so that you will be
able to gather the flour together and make a soft dough . you may need
about 2 1/2 tablespoons less than a cup of water . knead the dough for
7 to 8 minutes or until it is smooth . make a ball and put it inside
a bowl . cover the bowl with a damp dishcloth and set it aside for
half an hour .

if the dough looks very runny , flour your hands and knead for another
few minutes . form twelve equal balls and dust each with a little
flour . keep them covered .

set a cast-iron griddle or skillet to heat over a medium-low flame .
allow at least 5 minutes for that . keep about a cup of dusting flour
near you . remove a ball of dough and flatten it between the palms of
your hands . dust it on both sides with flour . roll it out , as thinly
and evenly as you can , aiming for a 5 1/2 inch round . when the
griddle is hot , slap the roti onto its heated surface . cook for
about a minute or until soft bubbles begin to form . turn the roti
over . cook for half a minute on the second side .

if you have a gas fire , light a second burner on a medium flame and
put the roti directly on it . using tongs , rotate the roti so that
all areas are exposed to the shooting flames . take 5 seconds to do
this . turn the roti over and repeat for about 3 seconds . the roti
should puff up . put the roti on a plate and cover with a towel . make
all roti this way .

if you have an electric stove , place the griddle and roti under a
broiler for a few seconds , until the roti puffs up . serve hot .

from madhur jaffrey 's world of the east vegetarian cooking .

from : susan wylder < zf_wylder @ scsu.edu > . fatfree digest [ volume 9
issue 49 ] aug. 9 , 1994 . formatted by sue smith , s.smith34 ,
txft40a @ prodigy.com using mmconv

yield : 12 servings




sally lunn

breads , cakes

6 to 8 servings
1 envelope dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 105 - 115 f )
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon grated lemon peel
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/2 cup warm whipping cream ( 100 f )
2 eggs , room temperature
1 tablespoon milk , heated
1 tablespoon powdered sugar
1/2 cup devon cream

accompany this briochelike cake with fresh fruit and preserves .

sprinkle yeast over water in small bowl and let stand until
dissolved ; stir to blend . let stand until foamy .

butter and flour 9-inch round cake pan . combine flour , peel , salt ,
cinnamon and nutmeg in heavy-duty mixer bowl . add yeast mixture ,
whipping cream and eggs and beat until smooth and elastic ; dough will
be sticky . transfer to prepared pan . cover and let rise in warm
draft-free area until doubled in volume , about
1 1/2 hours .

preheat oven to 400 f. bake cake until pale golden , 15 to 20 minutes .
transfer to rack . blend milk and powdered sugar . brush over warm
cake .

using long serrated knife , split cake into two layers . spread bottom
layer with devon cream . top with remaining layer . serve cake
immediately .

*available at specialty foods stores . if unavailable , use 1/2 cup
softened butter .

bon appetit

yield : 8 servings




prune bread ( taylor )

breads

2 tablespoon shortening
2 tablespoon citron
10 prunes ; large - covered w/w ater/
2 1/2 cup flour ; white
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder

add enough milk to prune water to make 1 1/2 cups . bake 1 hour at 350
f .

note : i assume prunes are chopped and remaining ingredients combined .
source : mrs. clint taylor , massie grange , warren county , oh

yield : 1 servings




howard johnson 's boston brown bread

breads

1 cup unsifted whole wheat flour
1 cup unsifted rye flour
1 cup yellow corn meal
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup molasses
2 cup buttermilk

grease and flour a 2 qt . mold . combine flours , corn meal , soda
, salt . stir in molasses , buttermilk . turn into mold , cover tightly .
place on trivet in deep kettle . add enough boiling water to kettle to
come half way up sides of mold ; cover . steam 3 1/2 hr. , or until
done . remove from mold to cake rack . serve hot with baked beans .
makes 1 loaf

source : secret restaurant recipes * duplicated by gloria petzer
posted by dar rains

yield : 1 servings




chapatis

breads

1 1/2 cup flour , unbleached
1/2 cup flour , whole wheat
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon ghi
1/2 cup ; water

mix flours , salt , and butter and add just enough water to make a firm
dough , somewhat like a biscuit dough . knead for 10-15 minutes - the
more the dough is kneaded , the lighter the bread will be . shape the
dough into a ball , cover with a sheet of plastic and let it rest for
at least 1 hour . if left to rest overnight in the refrigerator , the
finished bread will be even lighter . when ready to bake , take a small
piece of dough about the size of a golf ball , or a bit smaller . on a
lightly floured board , roll the dough into a thin circle , about 5
inches in diameter . repeat with all the dough . heat a griddle or
heavy-bottomed iron skillet until it is very hot ( you will notice the
smoke rising from it ) . place the rolled out chapati on the griddle
and let it cook for 2-3 minutes , depending on how thin you have
rolled it . using a pair of kitchen tongs , you can lift the chapati to
see if the underside has turned a golden brown . flip , and cook the
other side about 1 minute . as they are cooked , store the chapatis on
a towel in a warm covered container until ready to serve . serve as
soon as the last chapati is baked . note : in india breads sometimes
are baked in the fiery clay tandoor , where they develop brown spots
and bubbles . to achieve a similar effect at home , you can use tongs
to hold each chapati over a hot gas flame until it puffs like a
little balloon . the chapati will collapse as it cools .

yield : 10 servings




sopaipillas fbfj97a

breads , mexican

4 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon butter
1 pkg dry yeast
1/4 cup water ; warm
1 1/4 cup milk ; scalded
1 quart cooking oil

combine dry ingredients , cut in butter . dissolve yeast in
water , add to scalded milk ( cooled to room temp. ) . make well in
center of dry ingredients ; add 1 1/4 cup liquid and work into dough
( add liquid until dough is firm like yeast dough ) . knead 15 to 20
times , then put bowl over dough and set aside 10 minutes . heat oil
to 420 degrees in deep fryer . roll 1/4 of the dough to 1/4 inch
thick ; cut into squares ( do not re-roll any dough ) . cover cut dough
with a towel and dry a few at a time . to assure puffing , stretch
dough before lowering into fat and put in top side first . hold each
piece down until it puffs . drain on towels . serve with honey .

yield : 1 servings




mustard bread

breads

1/3 cup butter
2 teaspoon mixed english mustard
1 teaspoon parsley , chopped
1 french bread stick

1. cream first 3 ingredients till light and fluffy .

2. cut loaf into diagonal slices , three quarters of the way through .
spread mixture in between slices and on top of loaf .

3. wrap in foil and bake at 200 degrees c for 10 minutes . uncover
and bake for a further 5 minutes . serve hot .

yield : 6 servings




rye beer bread

breads

1 1/2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 cup dark beer , at room temp
2 tablespoon molasses or caramel
2 tablespoon lard or vegetable fat , melted
2 tablespoon crushed caraway seeds
1 tablespoon salt
3 cup rye flour
2 1/2 cup to 3 cups white flour , preferably u ; nbleached

makes 2 round loaves in a large bowl dissolve the yeast in the warm
water . stir in the beer , molasses , lard , caraway seeds , salt , rye
flour , and enough white flour until the dough becomes difficult to
stir . turn the dough out onto a floured working surface and let rest
while you clean out and grease your bowl . knead the dough , adding
more white flour as necessary ; it will be very tacky , but up to 3
cups of white flour in all and about 8-10 minutes of kneading should
be enough . return the dough to the greased bowl , cover with plastic
wrap , and let rise until double in volume - about 2 hours . turn the
dough out , punch it down , and form into 2 rounds . place far apart on
a greased baking sheet sprinkled with corn meal . let rise covered
with a towel until double - about 45 minutes . if you have tiles or a
baking stone , heat the oven well ahead to 375 f to warm them , and to
get a good crust use a device to create steam . if you do n't want to
bother with a steaming device , brush the loaves with cold water
before they go in the oven and again two or three times during the
first 10 minutes . if you have tiles or a baking stone , slip the
loaves directly onto the hot surface ; otherwise simply bake the
loaves on the baking sheet . after 10 minutes reduce the heat to 350 f
and bake another 40 minutes . cool on racks .

yield : 1 servings




celery croutes

appetizers , breads , side dish

4 slices bread
2 oz butter
1 celery seeds

remove crusts from bread ; cut each slice into 3 fingers . melt butter
in small saucepan . brush both sides of bread with butter . place on
greased cookie sheet , sprinkle lightly with celery seeds . bake in
moderate oven 5 to 10 minutes or until golden . turn croutes and brush
with butter during cooking . source : dinner party cookbook ch .

yield : 1 servings




pugliese bread

breads , italian

1/4 cup water
1 1/4 teaspoon yeast
13/16 cup starter ( biga )
2 1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon salt
7 1/2 cup flour

mix water and yeast together . let stand for 10 mins . add biga
( starter ) and water . mix until creamy looking . it is not necessary
to get rid of strands of starter that occur .

add all of the salt . stir until desolved .

add flour . mix 2-3 minutes ( electric mixer ) or mix 4-5 minutes ( by
hand ) .

dough will just barely pull away from sides of bowl . it should be very
sticky . adjust water and/or flour as necessary .

let rise in a lightly oiled bowl for 3+ hours , covered tightly with
lightly oiled plastic wrap . dough will triple in volume .

divide dough into four parts .

roll each part into long strand . roll up along length , stretching
slightly . turn dough sideways and roll to long string again . roll up
into tight ball , tucking to ends under .

let rise 1 hour , covered with towel .

pre-heat oven to 450 , with pan of water in the oven , about 20 minutes
before baking .

lightly dust loaves with flour and place on flat cookie sheet .

caution : the oven will be steamy when opened .

bake with pan of water for 15 minutes . remove water pan .

bake 20 more minutes . loaf should sound hollow on bottom . on of the
best ways to eat this bread is by rubbing a slice with garlic , or
sprinkling with crushed fresh garlic or garlic powder . then drizzle
virgin olive oil over the bread . follow this with a light sprinkle of
parmesan cheese .

bread dough can be wrapped in plastic at any of the stages before
baking and frozen or refrigerated . unfreeze and allow to thaw
completely . this seems to work best if done before the rolling of the
individual loaves .

if stored in refrigerator , allow ample room , as bread will rise in the
refrigerator !

yield : 4 servings




instant potato lefse

breads , christmas

1 pkg ( 7 oz ) instant potatoes
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup boiling water
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup rich milk
1 1/2 cup flour

place instant potato flakes , salt and butter in mixing bowl . add
boilig water to milk and add to potato mixture . mix quickly until
thick and smooth . add just enough flour to be able to handle dough .
knead lightly . form into balls and roll very thin on floured board .
bake on hot electric lefse grill ( any griddle will work ) , turning to
brown both sides .

yield : 6 servings




chocolate chip banana bread

breads , chocolate

2 cup mashed bananas
1 tablespoon grated orange
1 rind
1/3 cup orange juice
3 eggs
1 cup packed brown
1 sugar
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup chocolate chips
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg

in bowl , blend bananas , rind and juice . beat in eggs . stir in sugar
and oil . combine flour , chocolate chips , baking powder and soda , salt
and nutmeg ; stir into banana mixture just until blnded . pour into 4
greased 5-3/4- x 3-1/4-inch loaf pans . bake in 350 degree f oven for
45 to 55 minutes or until tester inserted comes out clean . let cool
in pan on rack for 10 minutes . remove from pan and let cool
completely on rack . makes 4 small loaves .

yield : 4 servings




marti 's whole wheat bread

breads

12 cup whole wheat flour ( up to 14 cups )
2 tablespoon dry yeast ; heaping
1/2 cup high gluten flour
500 mg vitamin c
5 cup warm water ( 120-130* )
1 cup plain yogurt
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup honey

1 1\2 tb salt

in mixer bowl equipped with kneading arm put ingredients in in this
order : water , yeast , honey , oil , yogurt , 9 cups ww flour , high gluten
flour , vitamin c and salt . pulse a few times to mix . turn mixer on ,
and quickly add remaining flour , one cup at a time , until dough forms
a ball and cleans the side of the bowl . the amount of flour may vary .
knead 10 minutes . preheat oven to 200 during this time . lightly oil
hands . divide dough into equal portions . shape into loaves and place
in greased ( i also flour ) bread pans . turn off oven . place bread in
oven , arranging pans with space between to allow heat to circulate
freely . set a kitchen timer and watch closely . let rise until almost
double in bulk , approx . 15-30 minutes . leave bread in oven and turn
heat to 350 , baking 30-35 minutes . immediately remove from pans ; let
cook on wire racks . this is adapted from set for life . this is how i
make it and the bread is moist , scrumptous .

yield : 5 servings




peppery cheese bread

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm water ( 105-115 deg . )
2 cup all purpose flour
1 cup cake flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper

( makes 1 loaf . )

sprinkle yeast over water in small bowl ; stir to soften . let stand
until dissolved , about 5 minutes .

combine 2 cups all purpose flour , cake flour and salt in large bowl .
stir in yeast mixture and oil . knead on floured surface until smooth
and resilient dough forms , about 10 minutes , adding more flour if
dough is sticky . grease large bowl . add dough , turning to coat entire
surface . cover bowl with plastic . let dough rise in warm draft-free
area until doubled in volume , about 1 1/2 hours .

line baking sheet with parchment . punch dough down . knead in cheese
and pepper on lightly floured surface . divide dough into 3 equal
pieces . roll between hands and surface into 14-inch ropes . working on
prepared sheet , braid ropes together beginning in center and working
toward each end . tuck ends under and pinch to seal . cover with towel .
let dough rise in warm draft-free area until almost doubled in
volume , about
1 hour .

position rack in lower third of oven and line with baking tiles . *
preheat oven to 400 deg . for 30 minutes . brush loaf with cold water .
slide loaf and parchment onto baking tiles . bake 10 minutes . mist
oven with cold water , using spray bottle . bake 10 minutes longer .
mist again . continue baking until loaf is golden brown and sounds
hollow when tapped on bottom , about 25 minutes . cool on rack . this
bread is best served the same day it is baked .

*if unavailable , bake bread on parchment paper-lined baking sheet .

yield : 1 servings




kfc buttermilk biscuits

breads

1/2 cup butter
2 1/2 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 egg , beaten
3/4 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup club soda
1 teaspoon salt
5 cup bisquick biscuit mix

1 ) preheat oven to 450 f. 2 ) combine all ingreds .
knead by hand until smooth . 3 ) flour your hands . pat
the dough flat to 3/4 '' thickness on wax paper and
punch out biscuits with floured biscuit cutter . 4 )
bake on greased baking sheet until brown .

yield : 18 biscuits

yield : 18 servings




wheat germ yogurt bread

breads

3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup nonfat dry milk
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup water
1/3 cup plain yogurt
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon molasses
1 1/2 teaspoon margarine
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup wheat germ
1/4 cup bran

egg , beaten wheat germ

in a large bowl , mix whole wheat flour , dry milk , salt and undissolved
yeast . combine water , yogurt , honey , molasses and margarine in
saucepan and heat ( 115-120 degrees ) .

add liquids to dry ingredients and beat vigorously . add half of white
flour and beat again . stir in wheat germ and bran . add enough
additional flour to make a soft yet manageable dough . knead 4-5
minutes .

place in greased bowl and let rise until doubled . punch down . shape
and place in 9 x 5 inch loaf pan .

cover . let rise until almost double . brush with egg and sprinkle
with wheat germ . bake at 350 degrees for 25-35 minutes . cool on wire
racks .

colorado wheat administrative committee representing colorado wheat
farmers

yield : 6 servings




navajo fry bread # 3

breads , mexican

-- -- new mexico cooking -- --
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon shortening water , lukewarm
1 vegetable oil ; for frying
1 jam , honey , or powdered sugar

in a med . bowl , combine flour , baking powder , and salt ; cut in
shortening until mixture has the appearance of fine crumbs . sprinkle
in water , 1 tbsp at a time . use a fork to toss until the flour is
moistened and dough almost cleans side of bowl . dough should be
soft , but not sticky . on a lightly floured surface , knead until
smooth . form into ball , cover , and refrigerate 30 mins . heat oil in
a lg . skillet to 400~ . tear off a piece of dough about the size of a
peach . pat and stretch until thin and round , about 6 '' to 8 '' in
diameter . poke a hole through the middle , and drop into sizzling
vegetable shortening . fry circles , turning once , until golden brown ,
about 1 min . on each side . bread will puff beautifully . serve with
jam , honey , or powdered sugar .

note - in new mexico at fairs , craft shows , and indian pow wows ,
you 'll see long lines of people waiting to get their hot fry bread .
folklore tells us that poking a hole in the center lets out the evil
spirits .

author - clyde casey

yield : 4 servings




wheat soy sesame bread

breads

2 tablespoon baking yeast
2 cup lukewarm water
1/4 cup oil
1/4 cup sweetener
1 teaspoon salt ( optional )
3/4 cup ground sesame seeds
1/2 cup soy flour
2 tablespoon soy grits
4 cup wholewheat flour

in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in water . add remaining ingredients .
turn out onto a floured bowl & knead till elastic . add more flour as
necessary . place dough in large bowl , cover & let rise till doubled
in size .

punch down , knead for 3 minutes , adding more flour as needed . shape
into 2 loaves & place in oiled loaf pans . let rise again till nearly
doubled . bake at 350f for 30 minutes . should sound hollow when done .

adapted from frances moore lappe , `` diet for a small planet ''

yield : 1 servings




baked doughnuts

breads , desserts

2 pkg dry yeast
1/3 cup warm water
1 1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup vegetable shortening
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon nutmeg
2 eggs , lightly beaten
4 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup melted butter
1 cup sugar mixed w/1 tsp cinamon

1 . sprinkle the yeast over the warm water in a small bowl and let it
dissolve for 5 minutes . put the milk and shortening in a saucepan and
heat until the shortening is melted . cool to lukewarm .

2 . pour the yeast mixture into a large mixing bowl and add the milk
mix . stif in the 1/4 cup sugar , salt , nutmeg , eggs and 2 cups flour .
beat briskly until well blended . add the remaining 2 1/2 cups flour
and beat until smooth . cover the bowl and let double in bulk , about 1
hour .

3 . dust a board generously with flour and turn the dough mass onto
it . this dough is soft and needs enough flour on the board to prevent
sticking , but is easy to handle . pat the dough into a round about 1/2
inch thick . use a 3 inch doughnut cutter and cut out the doughnuts ,
placing them ( and the doughnut holes ) on greased baking sheets , 1
inch apart . these do n't spread much ; they rise . preheat oven to 450f .
let the doughnuts rest and rise for 20 minutes uncovered . bake about
10 minutes or a little longer , until they have a touch of golden
brown . remove from the oven . have ready the melted butter and a
brush . on a sheet of wax paper , spread the cinnamon sugar . brush each
doughnut and doughnut hole with butter and roll in the cinnamon
sugar . serve hot .

source : fanny farmer cookbook typed for you by : linda fields ,
cyberealm bbs watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 2 dozen




double berry muffins

breads , low fat

1 vegetable cooking spray - ( optional ; )
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup wheat germ
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
1 cup orange juice
1/4 cup margarine ; melted
2 egg whites ; lightly beaten
3/4 cup blueberries , fresh or frozen
1/4 cup raspberry all-fruit spread

preheat oven to 400 f. line 12 medium muffin pan cups with paper
liners , or spray bottoms only with cooking spray .

in medium bowl , combine flour , wheat germ , sugar , baking powder and
salt ; mix well . in small bowl , combine orange juice , margarine and
egg whites until well blended . add to flour mixture , stirring just
until dry ingredients are moistened . gently stir blueberries into
batter .

fill muffin cups half full with batter . spoon 1 teaspoon fruit
spread in center of each muffin ; top with remaining batter . sprinkle
with additional wheat germ , if desired . bake 20 to 22 minutes , or
until goldenn brown . serve warm .

notes : to freeze , wrap muffins securely in foil or place in freezer
bag . seal , label and freeze . to reheat frozen muffins , unwrap .
microwave on high ( 100 % power ) about 30 seconds for each muffin .

per serving ( 1 muffin ) : about 170 cal , 4 g pro , 30 g car , 1 g fat , 5 %
cal from fat , 0 mg chol , 180 mg sod .

source : woman 's day 'low-fat meals ' ( volume iv , number 3 ) typed for
you by karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




special cornbread

breads

1 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
14 1/2 oz whole tomatoes , undrained
1 medium onion , chopped
1 egg , beaten
3 tablespoon shortening , melted

combine dry ingredients ; add tomatoes , onion , eggs and shortening ,
mixing well . be sure to chop tomatoes before adding . heat iron
skillet in 400 degree oven until very hot , pour in the batter , and
bake at 400 for 30 minutes or until brown .

yield : 8 servings




greek tsoureki ( easter bread )

breads , holiday , greek

1 cup milk
1/2 cup sweet butter
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs ; beaten
5 tablespoon orange juice
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
5 1/2 cup sifted flour
1 butter ; melted
1 red-dyed , hard-boiled eggs
1/4 cup slivered almonds
2 tablespoon granulated sugar

in a small saucepan , combine the milk and butter over medium heat and
scald . stir until the butter melts , then pour into a mixing bowl .
when lukewarm , sprinkle in the yeast , and with fingers or a heavy
spoon gradually stir in the 1/2 cup sugar until it dissolves . then
add the salt , eggs 3 tablespoons of the orange juice , and the orange
rind , stirring continuously , and gradually add half the flour until
the mixture begins to bubble . continue adding flour gradually by
hand ; the dough will be sticky , but should not be stiff . flour your
fingers lightly and knead for 15 minutes . place the dough in a large
buttered bowl , brush the dough with melted butter , cover , and place
in a warm area to rise until doubled in bulk ( approximately 2 to 3
hours ) .
punch the dough down and divide into 2 parts . divide each half
into 3 parts and roll each into a long rope about 10 '' x 2 '' . braid
the three ropes together ; pinch to seal the ends if leaving long , or
join together to form a long round loaf ( see note below ) . repeat
with the other half of the dough to make a second tsoureki . place in
large baking pans or on a cookie sheet , cover , and let rise until
doubled in bulk ( approx . 1 1/2 hours ) .
meanwhile , prepare the glaze by mixing the remaining orange juice ,
remaining sugar , and the almonds in a small bowl . bake the tsourekia
in a 375 degree oven for 20 minutes . remove from the oven and with a
pastry brush glaze the tops and sides of loaves . return to the oven
and bake for another 15 to 20 minutes until the color is a rich and
shiny chestnut .
note : if using the easter eggs , tuck them into the center when you
shape the loaves , leave until loaves have doubled and bake them with
the loaf . after baking , though lovely , the eggs will be inedible .
also in some provinces , the tsoureki is formed with a large braid and
a smaller one over it , making a much larger loaf requiring a longer
baking time .

from `` the food of greece '' by vilma liacouras chantiles . typed for you
by karen mintzias

yield : 2 servings




sourdough honey whole wheat bread

breads , sourdough

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup honey
4 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup warm water
2/3 cup sourdough starter
1 1/2 tablespoon shortening

dissolve yeast in 1 cup warm water . mix yeast , starter , honey , salt
and shortening with 3 cups flour . add more flour as needed to make a
stiff dough . knead 150 strokes on a floured surface and place in a
greased bowl . cover and let rise 1 to 1 1/2 hours until doubled in
size . punch down , let double again . punch down and roll into tight
loaf . grease and place in bread pan . let double in pan and bake at
400 degrees f. for 35 to 40 minutes or until very dark golden brown ,
and it sounds hollow when thumped .

yield : 4 servings




cheesehorns

breads

396 7/8 gm whole wheat flour
170 1/8 gm white flour
300 ml milk and watermix
1 teaspoon honey
1 pkg yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 mixed herbs
12 slice cheese ( your choice )

1.mahe a yeastdough and let it rise . 2.roll out dough thinly and cut
into 12 squares . 3.put a slice of cheese on each square and sprinkle
some mixed herbs over all . 4.roll up the squares from one side into
little horns , bend a little . 5.put them on a cookiesheet and let them
rise once more . 6.brush with a little milk and bake at 325 c ca . 25
minutes . translated by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs 315-786-1120

yield : 12 servings




soft ginger cookies with orange glaze

biscuits

1 cup buttermilk
2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup sugar
1 cup dark molasses
2 eggs
3 3/4 cup all purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
-- -- glaze -- --
2 cup plus 1 tbsp confectioners sugar
1 tablespoon butter ( very soft )
1/4 cup orange juice
2 teaspoon grated orange zest
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 dash salt

in a small bowl combine buttermilk and baking soda and set aside .
they will foam up . in a larger bowl combine oil , sugar , molasses and
eggs and beat until well mixed ( about 1 minute ) . add the buttermilk
mixture and blend . sift together dry ingredients . slowly add dry
ingredients to wet mixture . let mixture stand 15 minutes .

preheat oven to 325 degrees . drop batter by heaping tablespoons onto
oiled cookie sheet . bake 8 to 9 minutes until the top springs back
when touched with your finger . do not overbake . the cookies should be
quite soft .

while cookies are baking combine glaze ingredients . remove cookies to
wax paper lined wire rack . frost while warm with 1/2 tsp of glaze for
each cookie . let cool completely . transfer to trays and place in
freezer to completely set if neccesary or to freeze for storage . once
frozen pack in tins in single layers seperated by wax paper . these
freeze well .

david monteith dmonteit @ eecs.wsu.edu

yield : 1 servings




shirley 's bread

breads

2 cup quick oats
1 cup bran flakes
2 cup boiling water
2 pkg dry yeast
2 cup warm water
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup molasses
1/2 cup shortening , melted
1 flour

mix oats and bran flaes with boiling water , mix and let cool .
dissolve yeast in 1 cup warm water .

beat remaining water , salt , molasses , shortening and oat/bran mixture
until very smooth . mix in dissolved yeast . mix in enough flour to
make a firm , not hard , ball . let rise until double in size , punch
down and knead to get bubbles out . put in greased loaf pans and let
rise again until double .

bake at 350~ to 375~ until done .

yield : 1 servings




onion rye bread

breads

-- -- sponge -- --
1 1/3 oz cake yeast ; -=or=-
2 envelopes dry yeast
4 fl oz lukewarm water
4 oz bread flour
-- -- dough -- --
1 lb rye flour
1 lb bread flour
1/2 oz salt
1 pint lukewarm water
1 oz oil
8 oz chopped onion

this is a recipe for onion rye bread that is used at the new york
cooking school . you should be able to adapt it for baking in a
casserole .

for the sponge , whisk yeast into water to disperse and stir into flour
until smooth . cover and let rest for 30 minutes . for the dough ,
combine flours and form a well , placing salt and sponge inside . mix
to form dough . knead 8-10 minutes until smooth and elastic . place in
a lightly oiled bowl , cover and let rise until doubled . saute onion
in oil until lightly browned . blot off all excess oil . deflate dough
by pressing out with your hands . gently knead in onions and allow to
rest for 10 minutes . divide dough into 3 pieces , place in greased
casseroles , and make 3 slashes in the top of each loaf . cover with
oiled plastic wrap and allow to rise until doubled . bake at 425f for
20 minutes .

makes 3 loaves

peter kump - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 3 servings




whole wheat sourdough

breads , breadmaker

2 teaspoon yeast
2 cup whole wheat bread flour
1 1/3 cup unbleached bread flour
2 tablespoon buttermilk powder
2 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
2 tablespoon lecithin
2 teaspoon salt ; lite
2 teaspoon wheat germ
1/2 teaspoon ginger
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon honey
1/2 cup whole wheat s/d starter ( you
1 cup water ; ( i use bottled h20 )
1/2 margarine , room temp .

i used the whole wheat starter and experimented with your whole wheat
bread recipe in the dak today . it turned out great . basically , i just
halved your recipe and added a few things . my dak is a 3 cup flour
model , is yours ? if i 'm using whole wheat or rye flour , i can add
more flour because it does n't rise as much . also , whenever i use
whole wheat , etc . i add vital wheat gluten and lecithin to aid
elasticity and to help it rise . this is what i put in the dak and the
order i used : turn the light/dark setting to 12 o'clock and set the
menu to sweet bread ( the auto . one , not the manual one ) later , at the
beeps , i added 3/4 c. pecans ( did n't have walnuts on hand ) . i usually
add large pieces since they are kind of cut up by the b/m while knead
ing . we can keep experimenting with this ... .let me know if you try it
and what you add or subtract . have you ever added raisins , oatmeal or
any kind of seeds ? the b/m gives me the lazy way out , and i wanted to
see what it would do in it . thanks so much for taking precious time
to post the recipe . p.s . i have some of the beer s/d starter to give
you when we get together , but the whole wheat starter is great ! .
regards , 08/21 11:14 p.m. judy/nc pjxg05a

yield : 8 servings




new mexican chile bread

breads , mexican

1 package dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
4 1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup melted butter
1 cup warm milk
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
-- -- filling -- --
1 1/2 cup finely minced onion
1/2 cup melted butter
1/2 cup chopped creen chiles

dissolve yeast in water . mix in 2 cups of the flour , butter , milk ,
sugar , salt and egg . beat for 2 minutes . add enough flour to make a
stiff dough . turn onto a floured board and knead until smooth . put in
a greased bowl , turn the dough over and cover with a clean cloth . put
bowl in a warm place with no drafts and let dough rise until doubled
- about one hour .

combine for filling . punch dough down and roll into a 20 '' x 8 ''
rectangle . cut into four 20 '' x 2 '' strips . spread filling on each
strip and fold over lengthwise . twist two strips together then twist
double strips together and form in a circle on a greased cookie
sheet . cover with a clean cloth and let rise until doubled . brush
with beaten egg and sprinkle with chile powder . bake at 350 deg f for
40 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




orange glazed cranberry pumpkin bread

breads , desserts , breakfast , lamb

3 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 2/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 can whole berry cranberry sauce
3/4 cup chopped pecans
2/3 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs

preheat oven to 350 degrees . generously grease two ( 2 ) 9 1/4 '' x 5
1/4 '' x 2 '' loaf pans . in a large bowl , mix together flour , sugar ,
baking soda , pumpkin pie spice , salt and baking powder . i a second
bowl stir together remaining ingredients until well mixed . add
pumpkin mixture to flour mixture and stir until all ingredients are
well moistened . pour batter into loaf pans . bake 65 minutes or until
breads test done with wooden pick . cool in pans 10 minutes then
remove to cooling racks . completely cool breads then drizzle glaze
over top and sides . makes 2 loaves . glaze : in a small bowl , with
fork , mix 1 cup powdered sugar , 1/4 cup undiluted orange juice
concentrate and 1/8 teaspoon allspice , until smooth . drizzle over the
cooled breads . ( to be perfectly accurate i use this orange juice
glaze on many items during the course of 2 weeks , so i use a 6 oz can
of frozen oj concentrate , effectively tripling the recipe . this is a
hint ) . *use ocean-spray 16 oz can , if available .

yield : 8 servings




apple-walnut muffins

breads , no sugar

-- -- favorite alltime rec ; 12/92 -- --
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg , ground
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2/3 cup apple juice concentrate
1/3 cup butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 medium apples
1/2 cup walnuts , chopped

preheat oven to 350 . peel , seed , and finely chop apples . grease 12
muffin cups or line with paper liners ; set aside . combine dry
ingredients in medium bowl . combine and add eggs , apple juice
concentrate , melted butter , and vanilla ; mix just until dry
ingredients are moistened . stir in apple and walnuts . spoon batter
into prepared cups , filling each cup 3/4 full . bake 25 minutes , until
golden brown . let stand in pan on wire rack 5 minutes . remove from
pan . serve warm or at room temperature .

cooled muffins may be wrapped securely and frozen up to 3 months .

sylvia 's comments : the kids devoured them !

nutrition information per muffin : 199 calories , 4 gm protein ,
25 gm carbohydrate , 9 gm fat , 49 mg cholesterol , 183 mg sodium ,
1/4 diabetic starch/bread exchange , 1-3/4 diabetic fat exchange ,
1/2 diabetic fruit exchange .

from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $
71511,2253 , gt cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 12 servings




coffee cake # 2

breads

1 cup milk ; scalded
3/4 teaspoon salt
2/3 cup sugar
4 tablespoon shortening
1 each yeast cake
1/4 cup water ; warm
2 cup flour
1 sugar
1 cinnamon

pour scalded milk over sugar , flour and salt . beat till smooth , add
yeast with 1/4 c. warm water in which it has been dissolved . let
stand and rise , the beat down . put in three 8-inch pans . let rise ,
add cream mixed with granulated sugar and cinnamon . spread on top .
bake 20 minutes .

note : assume moderate oven 350 - 400 f .

source : bertha nerbugal , berlin grange , erie county , oh

yield : 1 servings




crackling corn bread

breads , misc

1 1/2 cup corn-meal
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon flour
2 teaspoon sugar
1 egg , well beaten
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/4 cup milk
1 1/2 cup cracklings

add flour , corn-meal , sugar , salt , baking powder , egg , and milk . add
cracklings . beat thoroughly . bake in well-oiled shallow pan in hot
oven ( 450 f ) about 20 minutes , or drop by teaspoonfuls on a hot
well-oiled griddle . fry until golden brown . 6 servings . virginia
cooper , new orleans , la .

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 servings




cranberry upside-down muffins

breads , vegetables , low cal , vegetarian , low fat

2 cup rolled oats
2 cup light soy milk
2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon egg replacer ; -or- eggs , beaten* ( see n
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup natural applesauce
3/4 cup jellied cranberry sauce

preheat oven to 400 f. grease muffin tins .

combine oats and soy milk in a large bowl . set aside .

sift together flour , salt , cinnamon , nutmeg , cream of tartar and
baking soda . stir in brown sugar .

whisk egg replacer and water until light and foamy .

combine egg replacer , applesauce and oat mixture . mix well . add dry
ingredients and mix just until blended . do not overmix .

place 2 teaspoons of cranberry sauce in bottom of each muffin cup .
fill muffin cups 2/3 full with batter .

bake until a toothpick inserted into middle of muffin comes out clean ,
about 15 minutes . remove from oven , cool for 2 minutes and invert
muffins onto wire racks to finish cooling . serve warm or at room
temperature .

makes 24 muffins

per muffin : 112 cal , 2 g prot , 130 mg sod , 24 g carb , 0.7 g fat , 0 mg
chol , 20 mg calcium

note : *if using whole eggs instead of egg replacer , do not add 1/2 cup
water .

* source : vegetarian gourmet , autumn 1993 * typed for you by karen
mintzias

yield : 24 servings




winkler 's bakery moravian sugar cake

breads , holiday

1/2 cup warm water ; 110 deg .
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 pkg yeast
3/4 cup warm water ; 110 deg .
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon dry milk
1/4 cup instant mashed potatoes ; dry
1/2 cup butter ; melted
2 eggs
6 cup flour
1 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup butter ; melted

add yeast to 1/2 c. warm water and 1/2 t. sugar . set aside until
yeast bubbles .
add next 7 ingredients plus 1 c. flour . beat 2 min . with electric
mixer on medium speed . with wooden spoon , add remaining flour . place
in a greased bowl ; turn once to grease top of dough . cover and let
rise until double - about 1 hour .
punch down dough and put in greased jelly roll pan . let rise in warm
place for 30 min . spread evenly in pan and sprinkle evenly with brown
sugar and cinnamon . make shallow indentations with fingers and
drizzle with 1/2 c. melted butter . let rise 30 min . bake until golden
brown ( about 12-15 min . ) at 375 deg . from the old salem cookbook .

yield : 20 servings




spiced applesauce bread

breads

1 cup flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1 egg
1/4 cup milk
1 cup packed brown sugar
1 cup applesauce
1/2 cup vegetable oil

preheat oven to 350 . lightly coat one loaf pan with vegetable cooking
spray . sift together flours , salt , baking soda , and spices . beat
the egg and milk together . add the brown sugar , applesauce , and oil ,
mixing well . combine with the dry ingredients . pour into loaf pan
and bake for 60 to 90 minutes . cool and serve .

posted by lisa clarke the polkadot palace 1-201-822-3669

yield : 1 servings




breadsticks with black pepper & cheddar

breads , cheese

2 1/2 cup unbleached flour plus
1/2 cup ( approximately for kneading
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 pinch sugar ( generous )
1 1/2 cup ; warm water
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
3 scallions ; sliced thin - ( abt . 1/4
1 cup grated cheddar cheese
1 egg white ; lightly beaten - with 1
1 cornmeal
1 kosher salt ( opt'l . )

in a mixing bowl , combine 1 1/2 c. of the unbleached flour with the
whole wheat flour and salt . make a well in the flour and add yeast ,
sugar and 1/2 c. of the warm water . let yeast stand until foamy ,
about 5 to 10 minutes .

stir in another 1/2 c. water and the oil . add remaining water and
stir the batter vigorously with a wooden spoon . add 1/2 c. flour and
beat well . stir in the pepper , scallions , cheese and another 1/2 c .
flour ; blend well .

sprinkle about 1/4 c. of the flour for kneading on a pastry board or
marble and turn the dough out onto it . knead , adding the rest of the
flour as needed , until the dough is smooth and homogeneous and
springs back when pressed with your thumb . the dough will be
slightly sticky , but should not be too sticky . add a bit more flour
if necessary .

cover the dough with a clean , dry tea towel and let it rest 5 to 10
minutes . roll it into a cylinder about 20 to 24 '' long and cut the
cylinder into about 20 pieces with a sharp knife . let the pieces
rest , covered , for 5 minutes .

lightly oil two baking sheets and sprinkle them lightly with
cornmeal . roll each piece of dough into a cylinder about 10 '' long and
3/4 '' wide , and place ten of them on each baking sheet . if you prefer
smaller breadsticks , cut each one in half crosswise .

preheat the oven to 350 f. and set the baking sheets , covered with
clean tea towels , in a warm place to rise . gas ovens generate a
warmth while preheating which is just right for raising the dough ;
just turn the baking sheets occasionally to ensure even heat . if you
have an electric oven , choose a different place for raising . let the
sticks rise 25 to 30 minutes , until they have increased in size by
about 50 percent .

with a sharp knife , make five or six diagonal slashes on top of each
breadstick . brush them lightly with the egg white and water mixture .
sprinkle very lightly with salt , if desired .

bake breadsticks for 20 to 25 minutes ( 16 to 20 minutes if you 've cut
them in half ) , changing the position of the baking sheets on the oven
racks about halfway through baking time . the breadsticks should be
golden brown .

eat them right away or let them cool and store them in tightly closed
tins ; wrapped tightly , they can be stored in the freezer for up to a
month . wrap them in foil and gently reheat at 300 f. for 10 to 12
minutes ( slightly longer if frozen ) before serving .


belsinger and dille write : `` more like small baguettes than the
completely dry commercial breadsticks , these have a crisp crust and a
chewy , bready interior . they have a nice , lingering , peppery
aftertaste that complements most soups and salads , and aperitifs or
cocktails , and they 're excellent party fare . ''

from susan belsinger and carolyn dille 's `` peppercorns around the
world '' article in `` the herb companion . '' dec. 1992/jan . 1993 , vol . 5 ,
no . 2 . pg . 46 . posted by cathy harned .

yield : 1 batch




tortillas de masa ( corn tortillas )

breads , mexican

2 cup masa harina
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon margarine
1 1/4 cup warm water

mix masa harina and salt . add margarine . add warm water all at once
and use fingers to work mixture into a soft dough . knead dough until
no longer sticky . divide dough into 12-16 balls ; cover and let dough
rest 20 minutes at room temperature.place a small square of wax paper
on the bottom part of open tortilla press . place a ball almost on the
center of the wax paper ( a little more towares the hinge of the press
than the handle ) . place a second wax paper square , well flattened , on
top of the ball . close the press down firmly until the torilla
measures about six inches in diameter . peel the top wax paper off the
dough . pick up the second wax paper square and place the flattened
dough onto the palm of your hand . then peel off the wax paper and
place the tortilla onto a moderately hot griddle . in a few seconds
the edges of the tortilla will begin to dry out . at this point , turn
the tortilla . allow the second side to cook for a slightly longer
period until it is slightly browned . flip it back onto the first side
and let it finish cooking . allow 2 minutes cooking time per tortilla .
delicious served with any mexican dish . serves 6-8 .

notes :

a tortilla press is a cast iron press for pressing corn tortillas and
tamales into flat thin circles . [ one could probably use a ( cold )
round waffle iron , assuming that it has a flat ( pancake ) side in
addition to the bumpy ( waffle ) side . ]

masa is freshly ground daily at tortilla factories . corn is soaked
in lime water and then cooked and rinsed before grinding . lime aids
as a preservative and adds color . fresh masa is best for tamales and
corn tortillas , but instant masa is also available .

from lucy m. garza 's _south texas mexican cookbook_ , eakin press ,
1982 . isbn 0-89015-344-2 .

from : laura ann wallace < walllau @ karl.acc.iit.edu >

yield : 6 servings




christmas morning cranberry muffins

breads , holiday

1 cup cranberries
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1 egg beaten
1/4 teaspoon orange rind
3/4 cup orange juice
1/3 cup butter -=or=- margarine melted
1/4 cup nuts chopped

coarsely chop cranberries , sprinkle with 1/4 cup sugar & set aside .
preheat oven to 375of , prepare pans . combine flour , 2nd measure
sugar , baking powder , salt , cinnamon & allspice . in another bowl
combine egg , orange rind & juice and melted butter . add dry mix to
wet mix & stir to moisten . fold in cranberry mixture & nuts . spoon
into pans & bake for 15-20 mins or until golden . makes 9 large
muffins .

yield : 9 servings




gf starter for sourdough

breads , sourdough

1 pinch sugar
1 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon yeast granules
1 1/2 cup white rice flour

this recipe is intended for people who are allergic to gluten and
can not make starter with wheat flour .

in a quart glass container or crock , add the sugar to the warm water .
dissolve the yeast in the mixture . add the flour , stirring well . let
sit in a warm place until fermented and bubbly , 2 to 3 hours . when
bubbly and risen a little , cover and refrigerate . starter is ready to
be used .

at each using , the cookbook author finds it works best if taken from
the fridge and allowed to warm about 1 hour before putting into the
dough mixture .

after each use , replenish the started by mixing in 1/2 cup lukewarm
water and 3/4 cup rice flour . adapted from more from the gluten-free
gourmet by bette hagman 1993 isbn 0-8050-2324-0 shared but not tested
by elizabeth rodier feb 94

yield : 1 servings




herb sourdough bread

breads , sourdough

1/4 cup fructose
1/8 teaspoon salt
2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 tablespoon various fresh herbs
3/4 cup part-skim ricotta cheese
2 tablespoon part-skim ricotta cheese
1 1/2 tablespoon skim milk
3 tablespoon commercial light sour cream
1 egg white
2 tablespoon canola oil
1/2 tablespoon vanilla

preheat oven to 325'f . combine fructose , salt , flour , baking powder
and herbs in medium mixing bowl . in separate bowl , mix remaining
ingredients . create a well in the dry ingredients and pour the wet
ingredients in center of well . mix until well blended . the dough will
be similar to biscuit dough .

on a lightly floured surface , form dough into a 14x2 '' loaf . transfer
loaf to baking sheet sprayed with no-stick vegetable coating . bake in
preheated oven for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown . cool at least
5 minutes before cutting .

makes 16 1-slice servings , each containing approximately 100
calories , 15 grams carbohydrate , 3 grams fat , 3 milligrams
cholesterol , 3 grams protein and 277 milligrams sodium .

yield : 16 servings




crock pot quick breads & cakes ( info )

breads , crockpot

1 set of instructions
1 breads & cake

: there are a few tricks to remember when `` baking '' in one of these
pots . first , turn the control to high ( or to the setting which is
equivalent to the high used in the recipes ) . the low setting is too
low to give breads and cakes the texture you expect . :
with breads , remember to cover the container with a lid or foil .
tie the lid or foil onto the container and place the container on a
meal rack or trivet inside the pot . if you do n't have a metal rack or
trivet to fit your slow cooker , crumple foil and place it in the
bottom of the pot to support the baking container . pour 2 cups of hot
water around the container to provide steam for cooking the bread . :
when using a deep fryer type of slow cooker , check frequently to
make sure the water has n't evaporated . add more water if needed .
: in general , it is not a good idea to remove the lid or foil from
the bread container during the first 2 hours of cooking . after that ,
check the bread by inserting a toothpick in the mixture . if the
toothpick comes out clean , the bread is done .
: when using a standard cake mix , the procedure is slightly
different . cakes are `` baked '' in a pan set directly on the bottom of
the slow cooker , similar to the way you would do it in an oven . [ you
do ? ? ? -- kl ] : it is not necessary to use a trivet or water .
instead of covering the uncooked cake mixture with foil or a lid ,
cover the top with four or five layers of paper towels . because
there is more mosture in a slow cooker than in an oven , it is
necessary to compensate for this with the paper towels to help absorb
the moist top of the cake mix . also , leave the lid of your slow
cooker slightly open to let extra moisture escape . : the type and
kind of container to use for breads and cakes will depend on the size
of your pot . the following containers hold equivalent amounts of
batter , and so will substitute for each other :

coffee can , 2 lb two coffee cans , 1 lb mole , 6-7 cup
capacity baking dish , 1 1/2 quart three vegetable cans , 16 oz

souffle dishes and springform pans also work , when they fit in the
pot .

source : crockery cookery , by mable hoffman ( c ) 1975 still being
printed as of 2/1989 , so it may still be in print . bantam books .

yield : 1 reading




white bread ( sponge )

breads

1 1/2 cup warm ( not hot ) water
2 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg yeast , active dry , or
1 cake compressed yeast
2 cup sifted enriched flour
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoon shortening
5 cup sifted enriched flour

to make sponge : pour warm water and 2 t sugar into large bowl . ( cool
to lukewarm for compressed yeast . ) sprinkle or crumble in yeast and
stir until dissolved . add flour and beat until smooth . cover . let
rise in warm place , free from draft , until light and spongy , about 1
hour .

to make bread : scald milk . stir in 2 t sugar , salt , and shortening .
cool to lukewarm . stir sponge down . stir in lukewarm milk mixture .
stir in 5 cups flour . turn dough out on lightly floured board . kneed
until smooth and elastic . place in greased bowl , brush with
shortening . cover , let rise in warm place , free from draft , until
doubled in bulk , about 45 minutes . punch down and turn out onto
lightly floured board . divide in half , let rest 15 to 20 minutes .
shape into loaves . place in greased bread pans , 9x5x3 inches . cover .
let rise in warm place , free from draft , until center is slightly
higher than edge of pan , about one hour . bake in hot oven ( 400 f )
about 50 minutes . makes
2 loaves .

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin bread with orange sauce

breads , holiday , gift , snacks , pumpkin

3 1/2 cup flour ( ap )
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cloves
1 teaspoon allspicespice
3 cup sugar
1 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs , lightly beaten
2 cup pumpkin
2/3 cup water
1 1/2 cup chopped pecans

these are from leisure arts `` gifts of good taste ''

pumpkin bread

preheat oven to 350 . in large bowl , combine flour , baking soda , salt ,
spices and sugar . add oil , eggs , pumpkin and water , beating until
well blended . stir in pecans . pur into two lightly greased 9x5x5 inch
loaf pans . bake 1 hour or until toothpick comes out clean . remove
from pans and cool on wire racks . ( serve with orange sauce . )

orange sauce

juice of one orange 1 t lemon juice 1 c water 1/2 c granulated sugar
3 t cornstarch grated rind of one orange 1 egg , lighty beatne 1 t
butter or oleo

in medium micro-proof bowl , combine juices and water . add sugar and
cornstarch , stirring to dissolve . stir in rind , egg and butter .
microwave on high 5 minutes , or until mixture boils and thickens .
allow to cool store in airtight container in reefer . serve warm or
cold .

the bread and sauce put in a pretty lined basket with a box of orange
spice tea make a lovely gift .

yield : 6 servings




fougasse

breads , ethnic

-- -- focaccia dough -- --
1 tablespoon cornmeal
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 whole sage leaves
1 teaspoon kosher salt

prepare dough as directed for focaccia . lightly oil 2 cookie sheets
and sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal . divide dough in
half , shape each piece into a ball . stretch each with rolling pin
itno 8x4 inch oval . transfer dough to prepared pans . with small sharp
knife , cut 2 1/2 inch slit in center of each oval . cut 8 more slits
in circle around center . with fingertips , carefully stretch dough into
12x9 inch oval . cover and let rise 30 minutes . preheat oven to 425 f ,
and prepare oven as directed with focaccia.brush each fougasse with 1
tablespoon olive oil and decorate each with whole sage leaves .
sprinkle each with 1 teaspoon kosher salt . bake one pan at a time ,
18-20 minutes , until golden . cool on wire racks . makes two breads,12
slices each .

yield : 24 servings




lemon verbena ricotta pancakes

breads , breakfast , seasonings

2/3 cup ricotta cheese
2 large eggs ; separated
1/4 cup low-fat milk
6 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon julienne lemon rind ; chopped
1 teaspoon finely minced lemon verbena
2 teaspoon vegetable oil

the night before , put the cheese in a paper coffee filter set in a
strainer over a bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and refrigerate . in
the morning , discard the whey collected in the bowl .

process egg yolks and ricotta cheese in food processor or blender
until smooth . add milk , flour , sugar , baking powder , and salt and
process until completely blended . fold in lemon rind and lemon
verbena .

beat egg whites in mixing bowl until just stiff but still moist . fold
gently into batter . heat 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in large nonstick
skillet over medium heat . drop batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto skillet ,
and cook until tops are bubbly and look dry . turn and cook second
side until golden brown . repeat with remaining batter . serve
immediately .

source : pam hotch - fairbanks , alaska the herb companion -
february/march 1993 typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 6 servings




tsoureki

breads , ethnic

-- -- greek easter bread -- --
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 pkg yeast ; dry active
1 1/2 teaspoon lemon peel ; grated
5 eggs ; hard boiled colored at
1 egg yolk ; with 1 t water
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup milk
3 cup flour ; all purpose

in pan add salt , sugar , butter , and milk warm to 125 in a lg bowl
combine 1 c flour with yeast add warm milk mixture , eggs , vanilla , and
lemon peel . beat low speed for 5 minutes then with a spoon beat in
the rest of the flour to make stiff dough knead for 20 minutes let
rise 45 minutes punch down and divide into 3 equal parts roll into
ropes place in greased baking sheet . th braid at evenly spaced
intervals press colored eggs into dough cover let ri 30 minutes press
eggs in again if necessary . brush egg yolk mixture over braid do not
touch eggs with yolk bake 350 for 25to35 minutes till golden brown
cool on rack . dough can be made in bm . greek easter bread wraps
around colorful hard cooked eggs . the greeks favor bright red eggs-
but because the dye seeps into the dough , you may prefer pastel
shades that tinge it less .

yield : 1 servings




low-fat sweet pastry

breads , desserts

1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons oat flour blend
5 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1/4 cup cake flour
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom or cinnamon
2 1/2 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoon cold butter , diced
1 tablespoon canola oil
2 1/2 tablespoon very cold water

sift flour , cardamom and sugar into large bowl . rub in butter with
fingers or cut in with pastry blender until size of small peas . using
fork , stir in oil . slowly add cold water , 1 teaspoon at a time ,
tossing with fork until flour is moistened without being wet . gather
dough with moist hands , shape into flattened round and let rest about
15 minutes . roll 1/8-inch thick on lightly floures board . ( to
facilitate rolling , dough may also be rolled between sheets of wax
paper or unrolled dough may be placed in pan and gently pressed to
cover inside of pan . ) gently lift and press onto 9-inch square tart
pan with removable bottom . cut off dough edges . bake at 425 degrees
f. 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown . makes 12 servings . note :
unsalted butter will give a more delicate fresh flavor in this
pastry . add a dash of salt if using .

yield : 12 servings




memorable banana nut bread

breads , low fat

1 1/2 cup flour
3/4 cup egg beaters 99 % egg
1 substitute
1/2 cup light corn syrup
1/2 cup sugar -- ( 1/2 to 1 cup )
1 cup heaping , bananas -- mashed
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup 1 % low-fat buttermilk
1 cup grape nuts cereal
1 no-stick cokking spray

mix all ingredients ; bake in a large sprayed loaf pan at 350 degrees
f. for 50-60 minutes . do not over-bake . test for doneness with
toothpick .

recipe by : the lite switch - june mclean jeter

from : hp_walls @ woco.ohio.gov date : mon , 15 jul 1996 14:00:51
~0400 (

yield : 16 servings




country corn bread

breads , cajun

8 oz plain yogurt
1/4 cup vegetable cooking oil
1 egg
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup enriched cornmeal
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

beat together yogurt , vegetable oil and egg . combine remaining
ingredients . mix well . pour into greased 8 inch square baking pan .
bake at 400 for about
20 minutes .

~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

notes : festival : louisiana corn festival ; june 9-11 , 1995 recipe :
kathryn payton contact : judy descant address : p.o . box 70 , bunkie , la
71322 phone : 318-346-2575

recipe by : la festivals

from : owner-mm-recipes @ idiscover.net o

yield : 1 servings




chocolate orange brioches

breads

1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 pkg yeast
2 oranges ; zested
2 eggs
4 egg yolks
3 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter ; ( cold ) plus
1 tablespoon unsalted butter ; ( cold )
6 oz bittersweet chocolate - roughly cho ; pped
-- -- orange glaze -- --
1 cup confectioners ' sugar
3 tablespoon orange juice

scald the milk and let it cool to 110 degrees f. add 1/4 cup of the
sugar and the yeast and let stand until foamy , about 10 minutes .
combine the orange zest with the remaining sugar in a food processor
and process until zest is finely ground . in a heavy-duty electric
mixer , combine the yeast mixture , zest and sugar mixture , eggs and
egg yolks . beat until combined , about 30 seconds . in a separate bowl ,
sift together the flour and salt . gradually add the dry ingredients
to the liquid in the mixer bowl , beating constantly until the dough
is sticky and soft . add 2 sticks ( 1 cup ) of butter , 1 tablespoon at a
time , beating constantly until combined . beat an additional 30
seconds . coat a large bowl with remaining tablespoon butter . turn the
dough out onto a lightly floured board ; form a ball without kneading
and place in the bowl , turning to coat the dough with butter . cover
with plastic wrap and a towel and set aside to rise in a warm place
until doubled in bulk , about 1 to 1-1/2 hours . turn the dough out
onto a lightly floured board . punch down to remove air bubbles and
return to the bowl . cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate a
minimum of 6 hours , or overnight . turn the dough out onto a lightly
floured board and gently knead in the chocolate pieces . divide the
dough into 16 equal parts . roll each between your hands to form a
1-1/2 '' round cylinder . to make the traditional brioche topknot , lay
the cylinders on a counter and roll the side of your hand back and
forth at a point about an inch from the top , so you form a shape like
a bowling pin . place the dough in buttered brioche tins or muffin
cups , pinched side up , and gently press the tops down toward the
bottom of the tim . place the tins on a baking sheet , cover with
plastic wrap and a towel and set aside in a warm place to rise until
doubled , about 1-1/2 hours . preheat oven to 375 degrees f. bake for
20 minutes . while the brioches are baking , make the glaze . orange
glaze : whisk the ingredients together to form a paste and spoon about
1 tablespoon over each warm brioche .

yield : 16 servings




tomato spice tea bread

breads , vegetables

2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
16 oz ripe tomatoes , cored peeled
1 and seeded
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2 eggs
1/4 cup almonds , sliced

preheat oven to 350f . butter and flour a 9x5x3 '' loaf pan . in a medium
bowl , combine flour , baking powder , cinnamon . and salt . mix well and
set aside .

in a food processor or blender , cosrsley puree tomatoes . measure 1 c
puree . set aside . in a small mixing bowl combine oil , sugars , and
eggs . beat at high speed 3 minutes until fluffy .

add tomato puree and beat well . gradually add flour mixture , beating
until blended . pour batter into pan . sprinkle top with almonds . bake
at 350f for 50-55 minutes until skewer inserted in middle comes out
clean . cool in pan set on rack 5 minutes . remove from pan , cool on
rack .

source : victoria magazine , august 1994 typed by katherine smith
cyberealm bbs watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 1 loaf




corn bread from scratch

breads , crockpot

-- -- deidreanne penrodfggt98b -- --
1 1/4 cup flour
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1/4 cup granulated sugar
4 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg ; slightly beaten
1 cup milk
1/3 cup butter ; melted -- -or -- --
1/3 cup vegetable oil

corn bread from scratch 2 to 3 hours

corn bread mix is so successful you really do n't need to make it from
scratch , but it costs more than a hand-mixed version . i grease the
mold for corn bread with bacon drippings .

to cook : in a medium bowl , sift together the flour , cornmeal , sugar ,
baking powder , and salt . make a well in the center . turn the egg ,
milk , and melted butter or oil into the well and beat into the dry
mixture until just moistened . turn into a greased 2-quart mold , cover
with a plate , and place on a trivet or rack in the bottom of the slow
cooker . cover the cooker , cook on high for 2 to 3 hours . makes 6
servings .

source : `` clear & simple crockery cooking '' , by jacqueline heriteau ,
grosset & dunlap , ny , c1975

from the recipe files of : deidre-anne penrod , fggt98b on prodigy ,
j.penrod3 on genie

yield : 6 servings




basic pita

breads , oriental

2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
5 cup white flour

pour water into a large bowl & add yeast . stir & add the sugar &
salt . gradually add the flour , stirring constantly until the mixture
is smooth . work in another 1/2 cup of flour with your hands , kneading
as you go , until the dough is no longer sticky . knead on a board for
another 5 minutes . shape dough into a rectangle . cut it in half ,
lengthwise , & divide into 24 portions ( or make 12 large pitas ) .
shape each portion into a smooth ball & place each ball on a floured
surface . cover with a damp cloth . press each ball flat . with a
rolling pin , roll each round from the centre out turning the dough
1/4 revolution each roll . a small pita should be 5 to 5 1/2 '' in
diameter & 1/4 '' thick . ( large ones should be 8 '' in diameter ) . flip
pitas over & smooth out any creases . 15 minutes before loaves have
finished rising , preheat oven to 500f & warm an ungreased baking
sheet . as each loaf is rolled , place it on a floured surface , cover
with a dry clean towel & let rise for 30 to 45 minutes . place pitas
on the hot baking sheet . bake on the bottom rack of the oven until
puffed & lightly browned on the bottom , about 4 minutes for small
ones & 3 1/2 for large ones . if desired , flip the pita over to brown
on the other side . remove from oven , wrap in dry towels until cool
enough to handle . serve warm or at room temperature .

yield : 24 small pita




cornmeal nips

breads , salads , soups

1 cup yellow stone-ground cornmeal
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon grated onion
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 teaspoon tabasco pepper sauce
1 1/2 cup boiling water
1 large egg , lightly beaten

for a change of pace from crackers or rolls , serve these zesty little
wafers with soups or salads .

yield : 48 servings




english crumpets ( bakestone recipes )

breads , breakfast

4 oz all-purpose flour
4 oz bread flour
2 teaspoon salt
1/4 oz fresh yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 pint warm milk and water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1/4 pint warm water

sift the flours and salt into a warm bowl . cream the yeast with the
sugar . add the warmed milk and water , then the oil . stir into the
flour to make a batter , and beat vigorously until smooth and elastic .
cover the bowl , put in a warm place and leave it until the mixture
rises and the surface is full of bubbles ( about 1 1/2 hours ) . break
it down by beating with a wooden spoon . cover and leave in a warm
place to prove for another 30 minutes . -- to cook the crumpets , heat
and grease the bakestone lightly . grease 5 or 6 crumpet rings ( 3-3
1/2 inches ) ( or scone cutters ) and put them on the bakestone to heat .
cook as many crumpets as possible at a time , as the batter will not
stay bubbly for long . -- put 1/2 inch deep of batter into each
ring . cook gently for 7 - 10 minutes , or until the surface sets and
is full of tiny bubbles . using an oven glove for protection , lift
off the ring , and if the base of the crumpet is pale gold , flip it
over and cook for another 3 minutes until the other side is just
colored . if the crumpet batter is set but sticks slightly in the
ring , push it out gently with the back of a wooden spoon . wipe ,
grease and heat the rings for each batch of crumpets . if serving
immediately , wrap the crumpets in a cloth and keep warm between
batches . butter generously and serve at once . if reheating , toast
the crumpets under the grill , cooking the smooth surface first and
then the top so that the butter will melt into the holes .

yield : 4 servings




zucchini bread

breads , low fat

1 1/4 cup oatmeal
3 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 tablespoon grated orange peel
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 cup applesauce
3 cup grated zucchini
2/3 cup sugar

in large bowl , mix together oatmeal , flour , baking powder ,
cinnamon , cloves , nutmeg , orange peel and salt . in separate bowl ,
beat together eggs , sugar , vanilla , oil and applesauce . add dry
ingredients , mixing until blended . turn into 2 greased and floured
loaf pans .
bake in preheated 350-degree oven 1 hour or until done . makes 2
loaves .

zucchini is virtually effortless to grate on a hand-held cheese
grater , but even easier in a food processor fitted with a shredding
disk . drain shredded zucchini and let stand in a colander a few
minutes to allow moisture to drain away .

printed in the december 27 , 1992 , issue of the los angeles daily news .

yield : 2 servings




honey gingerbread

breads , desserts , honey

1 egg -- beaten
1 cup sour cream
1 cup honey
2 1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon ginger -- ground
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 cup vegetable oil

preheat oven to 350 degrees . in small bowl , beat sour cream and honey .
blend into beaten eggs . sift together dry ingredients . mix the wet
and dry mixtures together and beat well . blend in oil . bake 30-40
minutes or until done in center . cool on rack 5 minutes . remove from
pan . serve warm with ice cream or whipped cream .

recipe by : the pennsylvania state beekeepers association

from : `` dax c. davis '' < dax @ airmail.net > date : sat , 13 jul 1996 07:12:31
~0500

yield : 1 servings




psomi ' : greek homemeade white bread

breads , ethnic , yeast

5 lb flour , + or - if needed
3 yeast cakes
1 cup warm water
1/2 lb margarine softened
1 cup oil
1 cup milk , more if necessary
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
3 or 4 eggs ( optional
1 egg wash : 1 egg/1 tbs . milk
1 increase if needeed

as you can see by previous greek bread recipes , the greek housewives
made plenty of bread . these recipes are directly from greece and are
in fairly large quantity.however this and other bread recipes can
easily be halved for the smaller hosehold . all yeast breads freeze
well too .

crumble yeast in the warm water and let dissolve . beat the margarine
until light and mix into the flour and yeast mixture . then stir in
the oil , sugar , salt , cinnamon , eggs if using ( a lighter baked good
) and the milk , adding `` more if needed '' to produce a kneadable
nonsticky dough . knead smooth and elastic . cover in a large bowl and
let rise double . punch down and let rise double again . shape into 5
loaves and place in pans . beat egg and milk together and brush
loaves . slash top of each bread . bake 400 for 15 minutes and then 375
for 30 to 40 minutes or until golden and done . recipe can be halved
easily .

yield : 5 loaves




oatmeal crackers

breads , breakfast

1 cup lard
1 cup sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring
1/2 teaspoon lemon flavoring
3 cup quick rolled oats
2 teaspoon milk
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon soda

from : kitchen klatter cookbook posted by : donna ransdell

cream shortening and sugar together well , and then add the egg and
flavorings . stir in the oats and milk . sift together the flour , salt
and soda and add to the creamed mixture . ( you probably will have to
use your hands to work in the dry ingredients thoroughly ! ) shape into
rolls , wrap in waxed paper or foil , and store in the refrigerator .
when ready to bake , slice thinly and bake on a greased cooky sheet at
375 degrees until lightly browned .

courtesy of shareware recipe clipper 1.2

yield : 6 servings




nettie 's cranberry-nut bread

breads

2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup sugar
-- -- stir above ingred . together -- --
1 egg ; beaten
2 tablespoon hot water
2 tablespoon shortening ; melted
3/4 cup orange juice
-- -- add to mixture blend lightly -- -
1/2 cup nuts ; chopped walnuts or pe
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup cranberries
1 orange rind ; grated
-- -- fold into the mixture -- --

grease two small loaf pans , and divide the batter evenly between
them . bake at 350 degrees f. , for one hour . cool and wrap in waxed
paper . chill 24

yield : 2 servings




ethiopian ambasha

breads , ethnic

1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
2 tablespoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
1 teaspoon ground fenugreek
2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1 1/4 cup lukewarm water
5 cup unbleached flour
1 tablespoon cayenne
2 tablespoon oil
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch ground cloves
1/8 teaspoon cinnamon

dissolve the yeast in warm water for 10 minutes . add the coriander ,
cinnamon , white pepper , fenugreek , salt , oil and lukewarm water , and
stir well . slowly add the flour until a mass forms . on a floured
board , knead the dough for 10 minutes or until it is smooth and tiny
bubbles form . ( note : this recipe makes a stickier dough than usual )

reserve a 1-inch piece of dough . with floured hands spread the dough
out on an ungreased pizza pan . using a sharp knife , score the dough
in a design similar to the spokes of a bicycle wheel . place the
reserved ball of dough in the center of the scored dough . cover and
let rise one hour .

bake at 350f for an hour or until golden brown . combine the topping
ingredients in a small bowl . while still warm brush the bread with
topping . yield : 1 16-inch loaf .

`` the african news cookbook ''

yield : 1 servings




orange breakfast bread

breads , breakfast , gluten-free

3/4 cup low-fat buttermilk
1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce
1/4 cup orange juice concentrate - ( frozen )
1/3 cup honey
3 tablespoon olive oil
2 1/4 cup rice flour
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon grated orange peel
1 cup confectioners ' sugar
2 tablespoon orange juice

combine buttermilk , applesauce , juice concentrate , honey , eggs and
oil in blender or food processor 1 minute . combine flour , xanthan
gum , baking powder , baking soda and salt in large bowl . make a well
in center of flour mixture ; pour in liquid mixture and orange peel ;
stir to combine . pour batter into 3 lightly greased mini loaf pans .
use rubber spatula to smooth top of each loaf . bake in 350 degrees
f. oven 35 to 40 minutes , or until cake tester comes out clean .
combine confectioners ' sugar and orange juice in small bowl ; stir
until smooth , set aside . turn loaves onto wire rack ; cool 10
minutes . poke holes in loaves with wooden pick or fork ; drizzle
glaze over loaves .

makes 3 mini loaves

each serving ( 2 slices ) provides : * 278 calories * 4 g. protein * 6
g. fat * 53 g. carbohydrate * 0 g. dietary fiber * 50 mg. cholesterol
* 293 mg. sodium

variation : glazed lemon-poppy seed loaves - substitute 1/4 cup lemon
juice for orange juice concentrate , add 2 tablespoons poppy seeds and
2 tablespoons lemon peel ; omit lemon peel .

for glaze : substitute lemon juice for orange juice . poke holes in warm
loaves . drizzle glaze over loaves .

source : basic rice recipes for those with allergies reprinted with
permission from usa rice council electronic format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 3 loaves




low-cholesterol popovers

breads , low cal

1 cup unbleached white flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup skim milk
1 egg white

preheat the oven to 425 degrees . oil muffin tins and preheat .
combine all the ingredients in a bowl . beat with a rotary beater or
wire wisk just until smooth . pour the batter into the hot muffin
tins . bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until brown .

1 popover - 68 calories , 1 bread exchange 11 grams carbohydrate , 3
grams protein , 1 gram fat 82 mg sodium , 67 mg potassium , 32 mg
cholesterol

source : am . diabetes assoc . holiday cookbook by betty wedman , 1986
shared but not tested by elizabeth rodier , nov 93

yield : 9 servings




raisin bread

breads , penndutch

1 medium potato
1 quart water
1 cup yeast
1 cup water , lukewarm
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon cloves
1 cup sugar
1 lb raisins
1 tablespoon butter
1 flour

pare and boil the potato in the quart of water , mash and mix
sufficient flour with the water to form a smooth batter . dissolve the
yeast in 1 cup of lukewarm water and combine with the batter . cover
and set in a warm place and let rise for 4 hours . add the rest of the
ingredients and knead , adding flour as needed . be careful not to get
dough too stiff . let stand for 2 hours , then form into loaves , place
in bread pans and let rise until light . bake at 400-f for 30 to 40
minutes .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




maple macadamia bread

breads

1 1/4 cup all purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 large egg , lightly beaten
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter , melted , ; cooled
3/4 cup maple syrup
3/4 cup buttermilk
1 cup ( 5 oz ) macadamia nuts , coarsely cho ; pped
1 maple cinnamon glaze

heat oven to 350 . butter and flour a 9 x 5 in . loaf pan . mix both
flours , baking powder , baking soda , and salt in mixing bowl . whisk
egg , butter , syrup and buttermilk in separate large mixing bowl until
blended . add flour mixture and stir just until smooth . fold in nuts .
pour into prepared pan .

bake until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean , 40-45
minutes . cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes . while bread is cooling ,
make maple cinnamon glaze . turn bread out of pan onto rack . brush top
and sides with syrup glaze , using pastry brush . let stand 5 minutes ,
then sprinkle top evenly with cinnamon sugar . let cool completely
before serving . cut bread into 1/2 inch thick slices .

maple cinnamon glaze :

1 tbsp . sugar 1/4 tsp . cinnamon 2 tbsp . maple syrup 1 tbsp . unsalted
butter

mix sugar and cinnamon in small bowl ; set aside . place syrup and
butter in small saucepan ; heat , stirring occasionally , over low heat
until completely blended .

from : good food 3/87 shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




halloween : skeleton bread

breads , halloween

1/2 pkg frozen bread dough [ 1/2 of 1 lb pkg ; ] [ 8 oz ]
1 egg , beaten
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon poppy seeds

thaw and let bread rise according to manufacturer 's instructions .
punch down dough ; divide in half . set 1 half aside .

cut remaining half into thirds . with 1 of the thirds , form head
shaped like a light bulb . with scissors , cut eyes , nose and mouth .
place heat at end of greased 17x11-inch rimmed baking sheet . shape
second third into 3-inch long triangle ; place , point down , below heat
to form body . divide remaining third of dough into 7 pieces ; roll
into sausages . arrange 3 on each side of upper body for ribs . use
remaining piece for neck .

halve reserved dough . with 1 half , make 4 logs for upper and lower
legs ; attach to body . with two-thirds of the remaining dough , make 4
logs for upper and lower arms ; attach at shoulders .

with remaining dough , make 2 small and 2 large triangles for hands and
feet . with scissors , make 4 cuts at broad ends of triangles for
fingers and toes ; attach to arms and legs . cover and let rise for 30
minutes .

whisk egg with water ; brush some over joints , pressing to seal . brush
entire skeleton with remaining egg wash ; sprinkle with poppy seeds .
bake in 375f 190c oven for about 15 minutes or until golden .

source : canadian living magazine , nov 95 presented in article `` kids &
fun : happy halloween '' recipe by judy schultz of `` the edmonton journal ''

[ -=pam=- ] pa_meadows @ msn.com

yield : 1 small loaf




onion bread ( lerner )

breads

1/2 cup grated onion
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup unbleached white flour
1/4 cup vegetable oil

in a bowl , mix onion & salt . add yeast dissolved in the warm water .
stir in flour & oil . beat well .

spoon the dough into an oiled loaf tin & let the dough rise to the
top of the tin . preheat oven to 350f & bake for 1 hour .

anne lerner , `` breads you would n't believe ''

yield : 1 servings




pizza sticks

appetizers , breads , main dish , pizza

1 can 11 oz pillsbury soft breadsticks
24 thin pepperoni slices 1 1/2 diamete ; r
2 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 cup pizza sauce , heated

separate and unroll breadsticks . place 3 pepperoni slices in single
layer over one half of each breadstick . fold remaining half of
breadstick over top ; seal end and twist . place on ungreased cookie
sheet . combine cheese , italian seasoning and garlic powder . sprinkle
evenly over each breadstick .

bake in preheated 350 degree f. oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until
golden brown . serve with pizza sauce . makes 8 pizza sticks .

yield : 8 servings




shirley 's nut bread

breads

2 cup boiling water
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon vanilla
3/4 cup chopped nuts
1 cup raisins
1 cup oleo ( 2 sticks )
2 each eggs
4 cup flour

boil 2 cups water , add 1 c. raisins and 2 t. baking soda . let cool .
in a large bowl , mix 2 sticks of oleo , 2 c. sugar , 2 eggs and 2 t .
vanilla . alternately add 4 c. flour and butter mixture to the raisin
mixture . add nuts . bake at 325* for l hour in greased loaf pans .
makes two loaves . great with butter or sprinkled with powdered sugar .

yield : 10 servings




blueberry gingerbread

breads , desserts

1/2 cup butter ( 1 stick )
1 cup sugar
1 egg
2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup buttermilk
3 tablespoon molasses
1 cup blueberries
3 tablespoon sugar

cream the butter and sugar . add the egg , mix well . sift together
flour , ginger , cinnamon and salt . dissolve the baking soda in the
buttermilk and add to the creamed mixture . add the flour mixture ;
blend well . add the molasses and then add the blueberries and stir
until mixed well . pour the batte rinto a greased and floured 9-inch
square pan . ( may be put in small loaf pans - will fill 2 small loaf
pans . ) sprinkle 3 tablespoons of sugar over the batter . bake in a
350 oven for 50 to 60 minutes .

this is at its best when served warm .

seafair inn
14 shore road post office box 1221 ogunquit , maine 03907 ( 207 )
646-2181

source : `` the american country inn and bed & breakfast cookbook volume
one '' by kitty & lucian maynard . typed by lisa clarke .

yield : 12 servings




qeast biscuits

biscuits

1 tablespoon teast
1/4 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup buttermilk

dissolve yeast in warm water and set aside . mix dry ingredients and
cut in shortening until the size of peas . stir in buttermilk and
yeast mixturecover bowl and let sit until ready to use at least one
hour . dough will be sticky , scrape out onto well floured board , flip
over and knead 4 or 5 times . roll out and cut with biscuit cutter .
place on greased pan and let rise slightly 10 -30 minutes . bake at
400 f 10 - 12 minutes .

yield : 8 servings




sweet potato biscuits

breads , londontowne

1 cup flour
1 cup sweet potatos , cooked/mashed
1 single salt
2 1/2 teaspoon ( to 3 ) baking powder
3 tablespoon sugar ( or more , to taste )
1/4 cup shortening

sift dry ingredients . add shortening and potato and mix thoroughly .
knead dough ; cut with biscuit cutter ( you may need more flour , as
dough is sticky ) . bake in 400 degree oven 12 to 15 minutes .
mrs harold t. cook

yield : 1 servings




dumplings # 2

breads , penndutch

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 each egg
3 tablespoon butter , melted
1 single milk

sift together the dry ingredients . add well-beaten egg , the melted
butter , and enough milk to make fairly moist , stiff batter . drop by
spoonfuls into boiling liquid . cover very closely and cook for 18
minutes . source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes ,
culinary arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




shaker bread ( honey whole wheat bread )

breads

2 envelopes dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 1/4 cup warm water
3 tablespoon honey
1/4 cup honey
1/4 cup butter
1 tablespoon salt
2 cup unbleached flour
5 cup whole wheat flour

soften the yeast in the first measure of warm water . add the first
measure of honey . let stand for 5 minutes . stir in the second measure
of honey , the shortening , salt and the second measure of water . add
the unbleached flour and enough of the whole wheat flour to make a
soft dough . knead until smooth and shiny ( about 10 minutes ) . cover .
let rise until doubled in bulk ( about 2 hours ) . punch down . let rise
again for 30 minutes . punch down . shape into loaves . lightly oil the
loaf pans .

yield : 2 loaves




coconut & macadamia nut banana breads *jb

breads , desserts

2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup unsalted butter , softened
1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla
3 large eggs
1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest
1 1/3 cup mashed ripe banana ( about 3 large )
3 tablespoon sour cream
3/4 cup chopped macadamia nuts
1 cup sweetened flaked coconut , toasted l ; ightly and cooled

into a bowl sift together the flour , the baking powder , the baking
soda , and the salt . in a large bowl with an electric mixer cream the
butter with the sugars , beat in the vanilla , the eggs , 1 at a time ,
the zest , the banana , and the sour cream . add the flour mixture , beat
the batter until it is just combined , and stir in the macadamia nuts
and the coconut . divide the batter among 5 buttered and floured loaf
pans , each 5 3/4 by 3 1/4 by 2 inches , and bake the breads in the
middle of a preheated 350f . oven for 35 to 40 minutes , or until a
tester comes out clean . remove the breads from the pans and let them
cool , right sides up , on a rack . the breads keep , wrapped well in
plastic wrap and foil , chilled for 1 week or frozen for 1 month .

makes 5 small loaves

gourmet december 1990

posted to mm-recipes digest v3 # 2.txt

yield : 5 loaves




sesame-oat cinnamon swirl loaf

breads

1 1/2 cup boiling water
1 cup rolled oats , quick or old-fashioned
1/2 cup sesame seeds
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water ( 105-115'f . )
1/2 cup tightly packed dark brown sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine , melted
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
4 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon

in large mixing bowl , combine boiling water and rolled oats . place
sesame seeds in small fry pan . toast over medium heat , stirring
frequently , until seeds are golden , 3-5 minutes . stir seeds into oat
mixture .

in mixing bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water ; add brown sugar , and let
stand 5 minutes until yeast bubbles . stir in the butter , salt and
cooled oat mixture . add whole wheat flour and beat in the all-purpose
flour until mixture makes a stiff dough . let rest 15 minutes .

turn out onto lightly floured board and knead for 10 minutes , until
smooth and satiny . wash bowl , grease it , and add dough to bowl ; turn
over to grease top . cover and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour .

punch dough down and divide in half . roll each out to make a rectangle
8x12 '' ; sprinkle each half with half the cinnamon . roll up tightly .
seal seams and ends . grease two 8-1/2x4-1/2 '' loaf pans . let rise
until doubled , about 45 minutes to 1 hour . heat oven to 375'f . bake
until loaves are golden and sound hollow when tapped , 30-35 minutes .
remove immediately from pans . cool on wire racks .

makes 2 loaves ; serves 24 .

yield : 24 servings




blueberry bread -- -whnp81a

breads , holiday

2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon shortening
1 each egg
1/4 cup orange juice
1 tablespoon grated orange or lemon rind
1 single boiling water
1 cup blueberries ; fresh or frozen
1/2 cup pecans or walnuts ; chopped

preheat oven to 350 deg . grease 9 x 5-in . loaf pan . mix flour ,
sugar , baking powder , soda and salt thoroughly . cut in shortening .
stir in egg . add enough boiling water to orange juice and rind to
measure 1 cup . stir into flour mixture . add blueberries and nuts ;
stir gently . pour batter into prepared pan . bake
60 min . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 15 servings




three corn bread

breads , quick & easy , brunch

1 can whole kernel corn ; - drained
1 can cream style corn
1 pkg jiffy corn muffin mix > >
1 stick of margarine
2 eggs ; - beaten
1 cup sour cream

mix all ingredients together and bake for 1 hour at
350 degrees . i like to bake mine in a greased
casserole dish ; but it works equally well in loaf
pans . hope this is what you 're looking for . this is
one of my husbands favorites . from : lisa martin
( xbmg08b )

yield : 8 servings




custardy popovers

breads

2 tablespoon melted butter
234 each 2 3 or 4 large eggs
1 1/4 cup milk
1 1/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 375 degrees . coat 12 muffin cups with butter or
margerine .

beat together the eggs and milk in medium sized bowl . add the flour
and salt and beat with wisk until reasonably well blended .

fill each muffin cup 1/2 to 2/3 full .

bake 25 minutes for 2 eggs , 30 minutes for 3 eggs or 35 minutes if
using 4 eggs .

remove popovers from pan immediately and prick each with a fork to let
steam escape and help popover hold its shape .

yield : 12 servings




waffles ( morgan )

breads

2 eggs
3 cup milk ; sour
3 3/4 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon butter ; melted

note : no directions given . combine ingredients , bake on waffle iron
until crisp and brown .

source : mrs. f. a. morgan , north lima grange , mahoning county , oh

yield : 1 servings




yellow cornbread

breads

1 cup flour
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
2 eggs
1/3 cup honey
4 tablespoon butter or margarine ; melted =or=- bacon fat or

preheat the oven to 425f . grease an 8-inch pan with shortening .
combine the flour , cornmeal , baking powder and salt . stir and toss
them together well . beat the milk , eggs , honey and melted fat in
another bowl until well mixed , then add them to the dry ingredients ,
stirring until thoroughly blended . pour the batter into the prepared
pan and bake for about 20 minutes . serve piping hot with plenty of
butter and jam or honey . makes one 8-inch square cake .

yield : 6 servings




bara brith ( speckled bread )

breads , ethnic

6 oz dried fruit
8 oz dark brown sugar
1/2 pint strong hot tea
10 oz self-raising flour
1 egg

this is wales ' traditional rich fruit bread . south wales makes it
with baking powder ; northerners prefer yeast as the raising agent .
either way it 's delicious .

soak the dried fruit and sugar overnight in the tea . you can use
either fresh tea , or the cold dregs from the teapot ( this gives a
good strong colour ) . next day , sieve the flour and fold it it into
the fruit . mix in the lightly beaten egg . line a small loaf-tin with
buttered paper then tip in the mixture , smoothing it well into the
corners .

bake in a gentle oven at 300 f ( 150 c ) gas mark 2 for 1 1/2 hours .
cool and store for at least 2 days in a tin so that it matures moist
and rich . traditionalists say you should never butter the bara brith ,
but dorothy says do , as it 's lovely that way .

source : elisabeth luard in `` country living '' ( british ) , april 1989 .

yield : 1 servings




bran-raisin muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup shreds of wheat bran cereal
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup boiling water
1 egg
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour*
2/3 cup sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg

heat oven to 400f . grease bottoms only of 12 medium muffn cups , 2 1/2
x 1 1/4 inches , or line with paper baking cups . mix cereal , raisins
and water ; let stand 2 minutes . beat egg in 2 1/2-quart bowl ; stir in
buttermilk , oil and cereal mixture . stir in remaining ingredients ,
all at once , just until flour is moistened ( batter will be lumpy ) .
fill muffin cups about 3/4 full . bake until golden brown , about 20
minutes . immediately remove from pan . about 1 dozen muffins ; 190
calories per muffin .

*if using self rising flour , omit baking soda and salt .

source : betty crocker 's cookbook , 6th edition

yield : 12 muffins




cappuccino chocolate chip muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1 envelope maxwell house cappuccino , ; any flavor
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , slightly beaten
1/2 cup chilled coffee or milk
1/2 cup sour cream
1/4 cup butter or margarine , melted
1/2 cup semi sweet chocolate chips

heat oven to 375 degrees .

mix flour , cappuccino , sugar , baking powder , cinnamon and salt in a
large bowl ; set aside . stir eggs , coffee , sour cream and melted
butter in a small bowl until well blended . add to flour mixture ; stir
just until moistened . stir in chocolate chips . spoon batter into
greased or paper lined muffin pans , filling each cup 2/3 full .

bake 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean .

formatted on october 2 , 1996 by jamie calton

yield : 12 muffins




pumpkin pecan bread

breads , pumpkin , pecan

3 1/2 cup flour
3 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 each eggs , beaten
2 cup canned pumpkin
2/3 cup water
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup vegetable oil
1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts
1 cup raisins or chopped dates

preheat oven to 350 degrees .

sift together flour , sugar , salt , soda , and spices in a large bowl .
add beaten eggs , pumpkin , water , and oil ; mix until well blended . add
nuts and raisins or dates . pour into greased two 9-inch pans , three
8-inch pans , or four 7-inch pans . bake at 350 degrees ( f ) for 10
minutes , then at 325 degrees ( f ) for one hour for 9-inch , 50 minutes
for 8-inch , or 45 minutes for 7-inch pans .

from dave maynard 's beginnings/endings cookbook recipe from olga
connoni , milford , ma

yield : 1 servings




baguettes

breads , french

1 cup ; water , lukewarm
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pkg yeast , dry
1 tablespoon shortening
3 1/2 cup flour ; sifted
1 tablespoon sugar

combine in a small bowl the water , salt , yeast , and sugar . add the
shortening and let proof . sift the flour into a large bowl . make a
well in the center and gradually add liquid , stirring constantly .
stir with a wooden spoon until the dough starts to leave the sides of
the bowl . turn out and knead for 10 minutes . place the dough in a
lightly greased bowl and cover with a clean tea towel and let rise
about 1 1/2 hours . punch dough down and let rise again for 30 to 45
minutes . punch down and let rest for 10 minutes . turn the dough onto
a floured board and roll into a 15 '' x 10 '' oblong . roll up tightly
toward you , beginning with the wide side . with a hand on each end ,
roll the loaf back and forth to taper the ends and lengthen the loaf .
place diagonally on a greased and cornmeal- sprinkled cookie sheet .
slash at 2 '' intervals and let rise uncovered for about 1 1/2 hours .
place in a 425 f oven . for the first 15 minutes , spray with a fine
mist of water every four minutes . reduce heat to 350 f and bake 20
minutes longer . the loaf should be golden brown and slide off the
sheet easily .

yield : 1 loaf




bhopali roti

breads , indian

1 1/2 cup flour , whole wheat ; 175 g
1/2 cup flour , rice ; 50 gm
2 tablespoon ghee ; or oil salt
1 teaspoon cumin seeds ; dry roasted & ground
3 each green chilis ; sliced
3 tablespoon cashews , broken ; ground coarsely
3 tablespoon coriander , fresh ; ( cilantro ) finely choppe
6 each saffron strands ; soaked in
2 tablespoon milk ; warm water for kneading
1 ghee ; or oil ; for frying

sift together whole wheat flour , rice flour and salt in bowl . rub in
2 tbsp of ghee or oil . add rest of ingredients except oil ( for
frying ) . gently add water to make a soft dough . knead well until no
longer sticky . shape dough into 8 small balls . on a floured surface ,
roll out each ball into a 6 '' ( 15 cm ) round . heat a griddle . place the
round dough in it and dry roast . when little brown speaks appear on
the underside , turn the roti over . smear a little ghee or oil over
the surface and drizzle 1 tsp ghee or oil around the roti . cook until
both sides are golden brown . repeat with the remaining dough .

yield : 8 roti




everybody 's favorite carrot-peanut butter bread

breads

1 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
1/2 cup peanut butter , chunky style
1/2 cup peanut oil
2 eggs
2 cup carrots , peeled , shredded
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 3/4 cup flour , enriched
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup milk

1 . preheat oven to 350'f .

2 . grease 1 loaf pan 9x3x2 '' . cream together sugar , peanut butter ,
peanut oil , and eggs ; add carrots and vanilla . blend flour , baking
powder , baking soda , salt , allspice , and nutmeg . alternately add
flour mixture and milk to creamed mixture . turn into prepared pan and
bake in preheated oven for 70 minutes . cool 10 minutes in pan , remove
from pan , and cool on rack .

yield : 1 servings




herb bread ii

appetizers , breads , microwave

1/2 cup butter or margarine
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon paprika
2 teaspoon chopped parsley
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme leaves
1/2 teaspoon garl ic salt
1 medium loaf french or vienna bread

1 . melt butter in custard cup and add all spices . mix thoroughly . 2 .
slice bread crosswise in 1/2 inch slices , being careful not to slice
through bottom crust . 3 . brush herb spread on slices and place in
bread basket or wrap in paper toweling . 4 . place herb bread in the
microwave oven 30 to 45 seconds .

yield : 8 servings




batter bread w/pepperoni

breads , italian

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/4 cup ; warm water ( 105 to 115 d
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano ; crumbled
3 cup all-purpose flour ( divided )
1/4 cup pepperoni ; finely diced

in a large mixing bowl , dissolve the yeast in the warm water . add the
oil , sugar , salt , garlic powder , and oregano and 2 cups of flour .
using an electric mixer , combine the ingredients on low speed . then ,
increase the speed to medium and beat for 3 minutes , scraping the
bowl occasionally . stir in the remaining flour and the pepperoni .
scrape the batter down from the sides of the bowl . cover and let rise
in a warm place ( 80 degrees f ) until double in bulk ( 45 to 60
minutes ) . stir the batter down and spread evenly in a greased 9 x 5 x
3-inch loaf pan . cover and let rise until double ( 30 to 40 minutes ) .

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. and bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until
the loaf sounds hollow when tapped . cool on a rack before slicing .
makes one 9 x 5-inch loaf .

shared and mm by judi m. phelps . jphelps @ shell.portal.com or
jphelps @ best.com

yield : 1 loaf




tortillas de harina de trigo

breads

1/4 lb lard or shortening ( 1/2 cup )
1 lb unbleached flour , sifted
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup hot water

using the fingers , rub the fat well into the flour . dissolve the salt
in the water and add it to the flour mixture . knead the dough wll for
about 3 minutes . set it aside , covered , for at least 2 hours . do not
refrigerate . heat the griddle over a medium flame . knead the dough
again for a minute or so , then take a piece of the dough and roll it
inot a ball about 1 and 1/2 inches in diameter . press the ball out
evenly on a floured board or pastry cloth - you are trying to roll it
out to a paper thin circle about 7 inches in diameter . with each
press of the rolling pin turn the dough around slightly to keep it
circular . place the tortilla on the griddle - if it is the correct
heat there should be a slight sizzling sound as the dough touches it .
leave it for 20 seconds , by which time bubbles will appear on the
surface and the underside will be speckled with dark brown . ( if it
puffs up , press it back onto the griddle . ) turn the tortilla over and
cook it for a slightly shorter time on the other side . place the
tortillas , one on top of the other in a polyethylene bag . they should
be thin light and flexible . notes : the tortillas can be made several
hours ahead of time and warmed for a few seconds , one at a time on a
hot griddle . they can be stored for several days in the refrigerator
or frozen as long as they are kept flat . there is no need to defrost
them before reheating . flour should be sifted an weighed if possible .
crisco works the best for thin tortillas . weigh the fat at room
temperature . makes 24 6-inch tortillas . the cuisines of mexico diana
kennedy

submitted by waring @ ima.infomail.com ( sam waring ) on
2 mar 1995 041849 ~0700

yield : 24 servings




mama lorraine 's pizza dough

breads , main dish , ethnic

1 pkg yeast
1/3 cup honey
1/3 cup cooking oil
1 salt
1 1/3 cup lukewarm water
3 cup flour ( mix white & whole wheat )

in a very large mixing bowl , add water and yeast . dissolve yeast . add
honey and oil . stir well . add flour , one cup at a time until
dissolved , then add rest to make a bread dough consistency . take
dough from bowl and on floured surface , knead for about five minutes .
roll into ball and in greated bowl put into a warm oven for an hour
to rise . after an hour , grease a cookie sheet and flatted dough
evenly all over , make edges come up on sides . turn oven to 350f ,
place dough on cookie sheet in oven for 15 minutes . take out , add
toppings and sauce , then cook for 20 more minutes at 370-375f . watch
closely . if cheese browns too fast , cook longer at a lower
temperature . source : mamalorraine , 1975 .

yield : 1 servings




lesleigh 's whole grain batter bread

breads , vegetarian

1 cup rice or soy milk *
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup maple syrup
4 teaspoon salt ( uh , is this right ? km )
1 cup water
6 teaspoon yeast
3 teaspoon egg replacer
6 tablespoon water
1/3 cup uncooked oatmeal
1/4 cup wheateena cereal ; cooked in water , and cool
2 cup whole wheat flour
3 cup all purpose flour

note on rice or soy milk : if it 's a thick milk , dilute it to the
consistency of cow 's milk )

simply mix all ingredients until all is blended.dough will be very
sticky.divide evenly into 2 oiled or sprayed with pam loaf pans.allow
to rise until doubled ( it 's a pretty dense bread , but on a warm
day , rising should be completed in about 4 hours ) bake in a preheated
375 degree oven for about 1 hour . terrific for sandwiches or as a
breakfast food !

from : l hershkowitz ( bdbg15b )

yield : 12 servings




cranberry scones

breads , desserts , fruits , breakfast , weight watcher

2 1/4 cup flour , all-purpose
1 reserve 2 tablespoons
1/3 cup sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon sugar , granulated
2 tablespoon orange peel , grated
2 1/4 teaspoon baking powder , double-acting
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup margarine , reduce-cal
1 cup cranberries , coarse chopped
1/4 cup currants
1/2 cup buttermilk , skim
1 teaspoon extract , vanilla

1 . using a fork , in large bowl combine flour , sugar , orange peel ,
baking powder , and baking soda . with pastry blender , cut in
margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . add cranberries and
currants ; stir to combine . add buttermilk and vanilla to flour
mixture and stir to combine ( mixture will be dry ) . form dough into 2
equal balls .

2 . preheat oven to 400 f. sprinkle clean work surface with 1
tablespoon reserved flour . on floured surface , using fingertips ,
work one-half of dough into 6-inch circle , about 1/2-inch thick . cut
circle into 6 equal wedges ; place wedges on nonstick baking sheet ,
leaving a space of about 1 inch between each . repeat procedure ,
using remaining flour and dough . bake until lightly browned , about 10
to 15 minutes . remove scones to wire rack and let cool .

each serving provides : 1 fat 1 bread 1/4 fruit
35 optional

per serving : 190 mg sodium 0 mg cholesterol

yield : 12 servings




baking powder & potato bread

breads

6 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 small cold boiled potato
1 teaspoon sugar
1 milk to mix

sift together flour , sugar , salt and baking powder . rub in potato . add
sufficient milk to make a soft smooth dough . ( approx 1 pint ) mix
quickly and put into a greased loaf tin . ( 3/4 full ) . smooth top with
a knife dipped in melted butter and bake immediately for 3/4 - 1 hour
at 400 degrees . when cooked take from tin and wrap in a bread cloth (
dish towel will do fine ) , until cold .

yield : 6 servings




mrs. lyon 's banana bread

breads

1 cup sugar
1/4 cup margarine
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 mashed bananas or 1 cup

cream margarine and sugar , add the beaten eggs then the flour , soda
and salt mixture , lastly add the mashed bananas and mix well . pour
into greased and floured loaf pan and bake 1 hour in 350 oven .

yield : 8 servings




peanut butter cookies ( am )

biscuits

1 1/2 cup am crunch peanut butter
3/4 cup honey or- other natural sweetener
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup am brown rice flour
3/4 cup am barley flour

stir peanut butter , honey and vanilla together . mix rice and barley
flour together and stir into mixture . roll into small balls . on an
oiled cookie sheet , flatten the balls out fairly thin . bake 7-8
minutes at 350 f. let cool on the cookie sheet before removing .

source : arrowhead mills `` cookies '' tri-fold reprinted by permission of
arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 1 batch




oregon hazelnut corn bran muffins

breads

1 cup milk
1/2 cup bran flakes
1/4 cup butter
3 tablespoon brown sugar
1 egg ; room temperature
1 teaspoon oil
1 cup white flour
1/2 cup corn meal
1/2 cup roasted & chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ; hazelnuts )
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

combine milk and bran flakes in medium bowl and let stand at room
temperature 8 hours or overnight . preheat oven to 400 . grease twelve
2-1/2 inch muffin tins . cream butter with sugar in large bowl . stir
in egg and oil , blending well . fold in flour , corn meal , hazelnuts ,
baking powder , salt and bran mixture until dry ingredients are just
moist . divide batter in muffin tins . bake about 20-25 minutes or
until tester comes out clean . cool 7 minutes .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 12 muffins




bahama bread *** ( tmbg12a )

breads , fruits

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
1 cup sugar
2 each eggs
1/3 cup milk
1 teaspoon lemon juice or
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup chopped nuts ; optional .

2-3 ea very ripe bananas ; mashed preheat oven to 350 combine
flour , baking soda , and salt in a bowl cream the butter in a mixing
bowl gradually add the sugar and mix to well blended add the eggs and
the banana mix untill well blended . combine the milk and lemon juice
in a large bowl . alternately mix the flour mixture into the banana
mixture . add a little at a time , beginning and ending with the dry
ingredients . blend well after each addition . add nuts . turn the
batter into a heavily buttered 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pan . bake for one
hour or until bread is golden and springs back when touched . cool in
pan for ten minutes . take bread out of pan and cool completely .
good luck , scott from : scott jackson
( tmbg12a )

yield : 8 servings




scottish currant shortbread

breads

1/3 cup currants
5 tablespoon fresh orange juice
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter

makes 2 dozen

additional sugar

preheat oven to 350 f. lightly grease baking sheet . bring currants
and 4 tbs orange juice to boil in small saucepan . stir ; remove from
heat and cool . combine flour and sugar in large bowl . cut in butter
until mixture resembles coarse meal . stir in currant mixture and
remaining 1 tbs orange juice . knead just until dough holds together .
roll dough out on prepared sheet into 10x12-inch rectangle . trim
edges and use scraps to square off corners . prick entire surface
with fork . sprinkle with sugar . cut into 24 squares , leaving in place
on baking sheet . bake until pale golden , 20 to 22 minutes . recut
while warm . cool on rack . store in airtight container .

bon appetit

yield : 2 servings




crisp potato flatbread

breads

1 large baking potato ; unpeeled
1/2 cup milk ; heated to 110 degrees
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 egg
3 tablespoon butter ; softened
1 1/2 cup bread flour
3 tablespoon rosemary ; chopped
1 olive oil
1 coarse kosher salt

: preheat the oven to 400d .
prick the potato all over with a fork and bake in the oven for one
hour or until soft .
remove from the oven , peel and mash the potato until smooth with the
paddle attachment of a heavy duty stand mixer .
allow to cool .
meanwhile , in a measuring cup , whisk together the milk , yeast , and
sugar .
proof the yeast for 10 minutes until very foamy with the egg and
softened butter .
gradually beat in the flour and the rosemary until smooth . the
mixture will be more like a batter than a dough .
cover the dough with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature
until the dough doubles in volume , about 1 hour .
stir down with a wooden spoon , cover and refrigerate overnite .
preheat the oven to 375 degrees . lightly oil or spray a 13 '' by 9 ''
baking sheet . using oiled hands spread the dough evenly over the
sheet .
set aside until doubled , about 45 minutes .
drizzle with a little olive oil and the salt .
bake for 25 minutes or until golden .
cut into wedges and serve .
: this recipe can be altered in many ways . change the herb to
one of your own choosing . you can add 1/2 to 3/4 cup of any of the
following ; chopped sundried tomatoes chopped green onions chopped
greek olives chopped roasted red pepper crumbled or shredded cheeses
sunflower seeds or nuts

yield : 1 loaf




joyce 's cinnamon raisin bread

breads

1 1/4 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon canola oil*
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon cinnamon
2 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon vital gluten
2 teaspoon red star active yeast
1 cup raisins ; floured

*i may have used only 1 tablespoon of the oil ( ca n't remember ) .

since i like a lighter crust , i made this in my zoji on the `` basic
white bread '' setting with baking degree set on `` light , '' instead of on
the `` raisin bread setting . '' i floured the raisins and added them 30
minutes after the kneading started .

i know i had to add additional water , until the dough `` looked right , ''
but i did n't measure it . i may have added as much as one-fourth cup .

this made a beautiful loaf ... .almost to the top of the pan . the next
time i make it , i 'll try to remember to write down the amounts !

yield : 1 servings




glazed triple chocolate bread

breads , desserts , chocolate

2/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 cup land o lakes butter , softene d
1 cup semi-sweet miniature real ch ocolat ; e chips , melted
2 eggs
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup applesauce
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon vanilla
semi-sweet miniature real ch ocolat
1/2 cup semi-sweet miniature real ch ocolat ; e chips
1 tablespoon land o lakes butter
5 teaspoon water
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
1 dash salt

heat oven to 350 deg.f . for bread , in large mixer bowl combine brown
sugar and 1/2 cup butter . beat at medium speed , scraping bowl often ,
until creamy , 1 to 2 minutes . add 1 cup melted chocolate chips and
eggs ; continue beating until well mixed , 1 to 2 minutes . add flour ,
applesauce , baking powder , baking soda and 2 tsp vanilla . reduce
speed to low ; continue beating , scraping bowl often , until creamy , 1
to 2 minutes . by hand , stir in 1/2 cup chocolate chips . spoon batter
into 5 greased 5 1/2 x 3-inch mini-loaf pans . bake for 35 to 42
minutes or until center crack is dry when touched . cool 10 minutes .
remove from pans . ( bread can be frozen unglazed . remove from
freezer ; bring to room temperature before glazing . ) for glaze , in
2-quart saucepan combine 1/2 cup chocolate chips , 1 tbsp butter and
water . cook over low heat , stirring constantly , until melted and
smooth . remove from heat . stir in powdered sugar , 1/4 tsp vanilla
and salt until smooth and creamy . drizzle _each_ warm loaf with
glaze . cool completely . source : kyosho connick , fidonet cooking echo

yield : 5 servings




pepperoni pizza bread

breads

2 cup water
1 cup milk
7 cup all-purpose flour ; to 8 cups
2 active dry yeast
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon salt
3 cup mozzarella cheese ; shredded
1/4 lb butter ; melted
1 parsley ; chopped
1 oregano
1 garlic powder
6 oz pepperoni ; thinly sliced

recipe by : the versitile grain & the elegant bean combine water and
milk in saucepan ; heat to 120 degrees . while liquid is wa
add 1 cup flour , and beat at high speed for 2 minutes . stir in
cheese
punch down . divide dough in half , rolling each into a 9x14 ''
rectangle .
place pepperoni slices in a checkerboard pattern on the dough .
roll li
remove from refrigerator . let stand at room temperature for 10
minutes

yield : 2 servings




home-made pretzels

breads , snacks

1 1/4 water , warm
1 pkg yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
3 1/2 cup bread flour
1 egg , beaten
1 tablespoon water
1 sesame seeds
1 salt

mix yeast and sugar with 1/4 c water . set aside until bubbly . place
flour and yeast mixture into a mixing bowl and blend to form a dough .
knead on a floured surface for about 5 minutes , until smooth and
elastic . place in a greased bowl , cover , let rise 1-1 1/2 hours .
punch down and shape the pretzels as follows : divide dough into 12
pieces and shape into sticks 6 inches long . shape into knots . place
on greased cookie sheets . cover and let rise 45 minutes . glaze with 1
egg beaten with 1 t of water . sprinkle tops of pretzels with coarse
salt or sesame seeds . preheat oven to 475f and bake for 10 minutes .
cool and store in airtight container .

yield : 12 servings




portuguese sweet bread

breads

-- -- small loaf -- --
1/2 cup milk
1 egg
1 tablespoon margarine or butter
2 1/4 tablespoon sugar
1/3 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup bread flour
1 teaspoon yeast
-- -- medium loaf -- --
2/3 cup milk
1 1/3 eggs
1 1/3 tablespoon margarine or butter
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cup bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoon yeast
-- -- large loaf -- --
1 cup milk
2 eggs
2 tablespoon margarine or butter
1/3 cup sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
3 cup bread flour
2 1/2 teaspoon yeast

add ingredients according to manufacturer 's instructions . bread can
be make sweeter by increasing sugar to 3 tablespoons ( small loaf ) ,
1/3 cup ( medium loaf ) or 1/2 cup ( large loaf )

yield : 1 servings




scottish oaten bread coca-cola

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats
1/2 cup sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
3 tablespoon oil or shortening , melted
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup coca-cola
1 cup prunes , very well drained
1 and coarsely chopped *
1/2 cup walnuts , chopped
1 prune halves ( optional )

* you may substitute 1/2 cups of dried prunes . lightly spoon the
flour into a measuring cup ; level off .

in a large bowl , stir together the flour , rolled oats , sugar , baking
powder , baking soda , and salt .

in another bowl , beat with a fork , the egg , oil , and vanilla extract
until well blended . add to the flour mixture . add the coca-cola ,
prunes , and nuts ; blend thoroughly with a spoon . turn into a
well-greased , lightly floured , 9x5x3-inch loaf pan . garnish with
prune halves , if desired .

bake in a preheated , 350 degree f oven for about 1 hour or until a
wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out cleans . cool on a
rack for 20 minutes before removing the bread from the pan . store in
foil overnight before slicing . makes 1 loaf .

recipe : `` international cooking with coca-cola '' , a give-away
pamphlet from the coca-cola company , 1981

yield : 1 servings




sourdough whole wheat herb bread bm

breads

-- -- place in breadmaker -- --
1/3 cup water ; warm , 105 degrees
1 cup sourdough starter
1/2 cup salad dressing , creamy onion
1 eggs
1/2 teaspoon sage
1/2 teaspoon thyme leaves
1/2 teaspoon basil leaves
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
2 cup flour , whole wheat
1 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon yeast
-- -- add at beep -- --
1 cup cheese , cheddar , shredded

sylvia 's comments : this came out great except that the dough looked
too dry , so i added a tiny bit more water and it overrose , with a
texture a little too coarse to suit me . next time i 'll just use the
amount of water called for .

if you do n't want whole wheat , but prefer a white bread base ,
substitute 3-1/2 cups bread or ap flour for the 2 cups whole wheat
and the 1-1/2 cups bread or ap flour measurements .

posted on genie food & wine rt dec 23 , 1992 by c.svitek [ cathy ]

from the recipe files of sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $
71511,2253 , gt cookbook moderator at net/node 004/005 , internet
sylvia.steiger @ lunatic.com

yield : 24 servings




prune buns

breads

1 cake dry yeast
1 or 1 cake compressed yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup sugar
1 cup butter or butter substitute
6 cup flour
2 cup flour
1 cup milk , scalded and cooled
3 eggs , well beaten
2 teaspoon salt
2 cup milk , scalded and cooled

make a sponge of the yeast , 1 tsp sugar , 1 cup milk , and 2 cups
flour . beat until smooth . set in a warm place and allow to rise
overnight or until light and bubbly . cream 1 cup sugar and butter
together . add eggs , salt , and milk . add the sponge and beat well . add
flour , a little at a time , until a dough as soft as can be kneaded is
formed . knead until smooth . cover with a damp cloth . set in a warm
place to rise . when double in bulk turn onto lightly floured board .
shape into buns . place on well-oiled baking sheet . cover and let rise
until treble in bulk . with a knife handle , make a hole in the center
of each bun . fill with prune preserves or any sweetened fruit
desired . bake immediately in hot oven ( 450 f ) 15-20 minutes . when
baked sprinkle with powdered sugar . 36 servings . mrs. george rada ,
verona , mt .

yield : 6 servings




crusty corn bread

breads

1 cup flour
1 cup corn meal
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 cup milk
1/4 cup cooking oil

combine the dry ingredients . combine the egg with the milk and oil .
stir into the mixture , mixing until *just* moistened . pour the
mixture into a preheated , lightly oiled , iron skillet until a little
more than half full . preheat the skillet by putting it into the oven
when the oven is turned on for preheating . gives a very crusty
cornbread with the top not cooked as dark as the sides and bottom .
bake at 425 degrees f. for maybe as much as 20 minutes . cool
slightly and cut into squares , then serve warm . this is a trial and
error deal to suit your own taste for sweetness , adjust sugar as you
want , and crustiness . do n't want crust all over ? then do n't use
prehotted cast iron skillet , use 8 inch or 9 inch greased pie pan
instead . less crust ? experiment with preheating skillet on top of
stove to varying degrees , choose the one you like .

yield : 6 servings




beer can date bread

breads , desserts

8 empty beer cans
2 tablespoon soda
1 cup dates
2 cup beer
3 tablespoon butter
1 cup maple syrup
1 tablespoon vanilla
2 eggs
4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 cup pecans

remove tops from beer cans with can opener ; lightly oil insides .
sprinkle soda on dates . heat beer to boiling and pour over date/soda
mixture ; set aside to cool . cream together butter , maple syrup ,
vanilla , and eggs . stir in flour . add nuts and cooled date mixture .
spoon batter into cans , filling only 1/2 full . bake with cans
standing up on cookie sheet , at 350 degrees for 15-30 minutes ; look
for tops to split and test for doneness . do not cut bread for 1 day ;
bread may break up , if it is sliced while still warm .

yield : 8 servings




lacto : naan

breads

3 3/4 cup unbleached , all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup plain yogurt
1 soft unsalted butter

sift the flour , baking powder , and salt into a bowl . slowly add as
much yogurt as you need to gather the flour together and make a soft ,
resilient dough . knead for about 10 minutes and form a ball [ the
dough , not you . -s ] put the ball in a bowl and cover the bowl with a
damp dishcloth . set aside in a warm place for 1 1/2 - 2 hours . knead
the dough again and divide into nine equal parts . keep them covered .
heat a cast-ironed skillet or griddle over a lowish flame . preheat
the broiler . take one of the parts of dough and make a ball out of
it . flatten it and then roll it out on a lightly floured surface
until you have a round that is about 1/8 inch thick . when the skillet
is very hot , pick up the naan and slap it onto the heated surface .
let it cook slowly for about 4 to 5 minutes . it will either puff up
completely or partially . now put the whole skillet under the broiler
for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until the puffing-up process completes
itself and there are a few reddish spots on the naan . remove the naan
with a spatula and brush with butter if you like . make all of the
naans this way , keeping them stacked and covered with a clean
dishcloth . serve hot . if you wish to have the naans later , wrap them
in a plastic bag when they have cooled . before you eat , wrap as many
as you need in aluminum foil and heat in a 400 degree oven for 15
minutes .

yield : 9 servings




roti dough

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 single vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 single milk to mix

sift together the flour , baking soda , and salt into a bowl . add
enough to form a stiff dough . knead the dough well on a lightly
floured board , form into 4 or more equal-sized balls . roll out the
dough thinly to form 8-inch or 12-inch circles . then brush on a thin
coating of vegetable oil . roll into balls again , cover , and allow to
stand for 15 minutes at room temperature .
roll out the dough again and flatten to the original dimensions by
patting lightly . heat a cast-iron or heavy-bottomed frying pan so
that when tested with a drop of water , it sizzles . place the rotis ,
one at a time , in the pan and cook for a minute . turn , and spread a
thin layer of vegetable oil on the face of each roti , and turn
frequently until cooked- when brown flecks appear on the surface .
remove from frying pan and pound between the palms of the until it
becomes supple . keep rotis warm and moist by covering with a towel .
yields : 4-6 servings notes from cookbook : traditionally rotis are
cooked on a flat iron grid called a tawa , but any heavy skillet or
griddle can be used . if the roti is to be filled with any curried
meat , poultry , or vegetable and eaten as a food , make 12-inch rotis .
place the filling in the center and fold in the edges . when they are
to be served as a bread to dip up curries , chutney gravies , prepare
8-inch rotis .

yield : 6 servings




new orleans french bread

breads , french , cajun

2 envelopes dry yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 1/2 cup warm water ( 105 - 115 f )
7 cup bread flour
1 egg white beaten with 1 tsp water ( ; glaze )

makes 4 loaves

sprinkle yeast , sugar and salt over water in large bowl ; let stand
until dissolved . stir to blend . let stand until foamy and proofed ,
abut 10 minutes .

add 5 cups flour to yeast mixture and stir to incorporate . stir in
another 1 cup flour . turn dough out onto generously floured surface .
knead in remaining 1 cup flour . continue kneading until dough is
very smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes .

butter large bowl . add dough , turning to coat entire surface . cover
and let rise in warm draft-free area until doubled in volume , about 1
hour .

punch dough down . let stand 15 minutes at room temperature .

generously butter four 18-inch baguette pans . knead dough 3 to 4
times . divide evenly into 4 pieces . roll 1 piece into 7x15-inch
oblong . roll up as for jelly roll . set seam side down in 1 prepared
pan . repeat with remaining pieces . using razor blade , make three to
four 3/8-inch-deep slashes atop each loaf . brush each with glaze .
let stand in warm draft-free area until dough rises to top of pans ,
about 1 hour .

preheat oven to 450 f. bake loaves 15 minutes . reduce oven
temperature to 350 f. continue baking until bread sounds hollow when
tapped on bottom , about 30 minutes . remove from pans . serve
immediately . ( can be prepared 3 months ahead . cool completely . wrap
in foil and freeze . rewarm in 350 f oven for about 20 minutes . )

bon appetit

yield : 4 servings




side saddle bake house corn bread

breads

4 eggs
2 cup buttermilk -- pencil
1 preferred
1/2 cup margarine -- melted
1 tablespoon margarine -- melted
1/3 cup sugar
2 cup flour
1 cup yellow cornmeal
1 tablespoon baking powder -- plus 1
1 teaspoon
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt

preheat oven to 425 . grease a 9x13-inch cake pan . in large bowl , beat
together eggs , buttermilk and both measures of margarine until well
blended . set aside . sift together sugar , flour , cornmeal , ( both
measures of ) baking powder , baking soda and salt . combine with
buttermilk mixture and stir just enough to combine ingredients . pour
into prepared pan and bake 20 to 25 minutes . makes 8 servings .

recipe by : dotty griffith ( up release )

yield : 8 servings




corn bread ( barry )

breads , barry

14 oz strong plain flour
10 oz medium yellow corn meal not corn fl ; our
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon baking powder
8 fl oz milk
4 tablespoon sunflower or soya oil
2 tablespoon natural yoghurt
-- -- optional -- --
8 oz grated cheddar cheese

grease a 2 pound loaf tin and heat the oven to gas mark 5,375f,190c .
place the flour , corn meal , sugar and baking powder into a bowl , and
beat in the eggs , milk , oil and yoghurt . mix all the liquids together
first if you like , then pour them in . give the mixture a good stir .
at this point you could add 8 ounces of grated cheddar cheese or
similar . pour into the tin and bake for 55 minutes . test with a
skewer - if it comes out clean it 's ready , if it 's a bit smeary it
needs another 5 to 10 minutes , but cover the top with foil to stop
the crust burning . remove when ready and let it stand for five
minutes before turning out . you may find a knife round the edge helps

yield : 1 servings




coconut sticks

breads

1 1/4 cup wholewheat flour
1/2 cup rolled oats
1 teaspoon sweetener
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon coconut
1/4 cup cashews or almonds or - sunflower o ; r sesame seeds
3/4 cup water

blend oats till fine . remove from the blender into bowl . blend the
remaining ingredients except the flour , until smooth . stir together
all the ingredients & knead for 1 minute . pinch off 1 tb of dough &
roll between your hands to make a stick 2-3 '' long . bake on an oiled
cookie sheet at 350f for 25 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




flour tortillas 3

breads

4 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
4 tablespoon shortening
1 1/2 cup warm water

combine dry ingredients in a mixing bowl . cut in shortening . make a
well in the center and add water , a small amount at a time , to form a
dough . knead dough in bowl until smooth and elastic . cover and wet
aside for ten minutes . form dough into egg-sized balls and flatter
between palms . with rolling pin , roll each ball into a 6 inch circle ,
about 1/8 inch thick . cook on preheated ungreased skillet over medium
high heat , apprx . two min . per side , until tortilla looks slightly
speckled . cover with a clean towel to keep warm and soft until
served . the tortillas may be cooled and stored in plastic bags in the
freezer for later use .

yield : 12 servings




soft molasses cookies ( cavaiani )

desserts , biscuits , diabetic

1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup molasses
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
2 large eggs
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 cup sugar ; ( dry sugar substitute )
1/2 cup coffee ; ( hot )
1 tablespoon lemon juice

cream sugar , molasses and shortening together at medium speed until
light and fluffy . add eggs and mix at medium speed until creamy ,
scraping down the bowl before and after adding eggs . stir flour ,
baking soda , cinnamon , ginger , nutmeg , salt and dry sugar substitute
together to blend well , and then add , along with coffee and lemon
juice , to creamy mixture . mix at medium . mix at medium speed until
creamy . drop dough by 1 1/2 tablespoon onto cookies sheets that have
been sprayed with pan spray or lined with aluminum foil . bake at 375
for 12 to 14 minuntes , or until cookies are firm . remove them to a
wire rack and cool to room temperuture .

food exchanges per servings : 1 starch/bread exchange + 1 fat exchange
cal : 101 , fat : 4g , cho : 15g na : 103mg , pro : 2g , cho : 18mg

source : desserts for diabetics by mabel cavaiani , r. d .

brought to you and yours via nancy o'brion and her meal-master

yield : 30 servings




breakfast bread pudding with sausage

breads , cheese/eggs , meats , breakfast

3 cup french bread ; cubed
1/2 lb bulk pork sausage ; crumble
1 cup onions ; chopped
2 teaspoon fresh thymne ; chopped or
1/2 teaspoon dried
10 oz pk frozen chopped spinach ; thaw squeeze dry
1 1/2 cup swiss cheese ; shred , divide
9 large eggs
3 cup milk
1 teaspoon dry mustard
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 plum tomato ; diced

preheat oven to 325~ . arrange bread in 15-1/2x10-1/2 '' jely-rolly pan .
bake 20 minutes or until crisp . cool . meanwhile , brown sausage in
large skillet over medium-high heat ; drain on paper towels . add
onions and thyme to skillet ; cook until onion is translucent , about 2
minutes . remove from heat . stir in sausage and spinach to combine ;
cool completely . arrange bread in shallow 3-quart baking dish .
sprinkle 1 cup cheese over top , then layer with sausage mixture and
remaining cheese . beat eggs , milk , mustard , in bowl until well
blended . carefully pour into prepared dish ; sprinkle top with tomato .
( can be made ahead . cover and refrigerate up to 24 hours . ) bake 1
hour or until center is just set . let stand 10 minutes before
serving . ( wrv ) until center is just set .

yield : 8 servings




mark 's soda bread

breads , bakery

3 1/2 cup white flour
2 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup water or soymilk
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice

sift together dry ingredients . add the water/soymilk , oil & lemon
juice . stir until you have a sticky dough . place in a greased baking
pan & press down . bake at 350f for 1 hour .

recipe by mark satterly

yield : 1 loaf




myrtle allen 's brown bread

breads

2 cup warm water ( approx )
3 tablespoon molasses
1 pkg active dry yeast or 1 tbsp .
3 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup wheat germ
2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

cut 13 x 8-inch piece of parchment paper ; make 3-inch slash into
each corner . fit into greased 9 x 5-inch loaf pan and trim excess
paper . set aside .
in small bowl , combine 1 cup of the water with molasses ; sprinkle in
yeast . let stand for 5 - 10 minutes or until frothy .
in large bowl , combine flour , wheat germ and salt . using wooden
spoon , beat in yeast mixture and enough of the remaining water to
make sticky dough . in bowl , work with hands for 30 seconds .
transfer dough to prepared pan . sprinkle with sesame seeds . cover
with a tea towel and let rise in a warm place for about 20 minutes or
just until dough reaches top of pan . bake in 400 degrees f. oven for
50 - 60 minutes or until browned and loaf sounds hollow when tapped
on the bottom . remove from pan and peel off paper . turn upside down
and return to turned-off oven for 20 minutes . let cool completely on
rack . makes 1 loaf .

source : canadian living 's food magazine vol.1/ # 2

from the collection of karen deck

yield : 1 loaf




raising dough ( microwave )

breads , microwave

19 inch square dish .

proofing yeast bread :

make your favorite yeast bread recipe and follow these basic
directions for proofing ( raising ) dough .

1 . prepare dough according to recipe directions . ( do not select a
recipe that makes more than 2 loaves . )

2 . place dough in a well greased large glass bowl . brush top of
dough with oil . cover loosely with plastic wrap .

3 . place 3 cups of warm water in a 10 inch glass or glass ceramic pie
plate or 10 inch glass square dish . place bowl of dough in water .

4 . set power select at warm ; heat for 25 to 30 minutes or until dough
doubles in size . dough has risen when two fingertips lightly pressed
about 1/4 inch into dough leave an impression .

5 . punch dough down , shape into loaves . place dough in well greased
8 1/2 x 4 1/3 glas loaf dishes . repeat proofing procedure if your
recipe directs . note , two 8 1/2 loaf pands will fit into a

6 . bake conventionally according to recipe directions .

from the panasonic microwave cookbook

*courtesy of the homesteadbbs ( 615 ) 385 9421*

yield : 2 servings




red pepper-semolina bread from bread

breads

1 tablespoon rice yeast , saf instant one
1 tablespoon dough enhancer
2 cup warm water , 105 f to 115 f
2 cup semolina flour
2 large red bell peppers ,
1 roasted & peeled
4 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 or bread flour
1/4 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon salt

1 . combine yeast , dough enhancer , water , semolina flour , red peppers ,
2 cups of the unbleached flour and the oil in a heavy duty mixer
bowl . mix just until ingredients are combined . cover loosely and let
sponge for 15 minutes . 2 . add the salt . 3 . with mixer on low speed
and using the remainder of the unbleached flour , add just enough
flour until the sides of the bowl are cleaned by the dough . the dough
should still be soft & sticky . 4 . knead on low speed for 7 minutes .
the dough will no longer be sticky but elastic . 5 . turn dough out
onto a lightly greased surface & form into two loaves . place into 2
greased pans or onto a greased baking sheet sprinkled with corn meal ,
if desired . let rise until doubled , about 30 minutes . 6 . bake in a
preheated 350 f oven for about 35-40 minutes . i substituted an equal
amount of applesauce for the oil and used jarred roasted red peppers
from trader joe 's and used freshly milled golden 86 flour instead of
unbleached flour .

yield : 1 loaf




christmas bu # uelos

breads , mexican

1 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1 teaspoon baking powder
4 cup flour
1/4 cup oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
1 cup ; water
1 sugar & cinnamon mixture

sift all dry ingredients together . slowly add water and a little
oil . turn onto a lightly floured board and knead until dough is
smooth and elastic . divide into about 40 small balls ; roll out into
approxi- mately 4 '' to 6 '' circles . fry in very hot oil ( hot and deep )
until delicately browned on both sides . drain on paper towels and
sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar mixed .

-- - eats , a folk history of texas foods
by linck and roach

yield : 40 servings




soup toasts ii **npfn03a

breads , soups

1 any of the below

herbed toasts : combine 1/2 c softened butter with 2 t each chopped
chives and parsley , 1/4 t chopped basil , tarragon and majoram . chill
butter overnight but remove from refr . several hours before using .
cut 2 '' rounds from 6 slices of white bread . toast on one side at 450 .
remove , spread untoasted side with herb butter and toast another 5
minutes . melba toasts : trim crusts from day old bread ( white , wheat ,
or rye ) . cut bread into strips or triangles and arrange on baking
sheets . bake at 275 until they are thoroughly dry and delicately
browned . pieces will curl while they roast . deviled bread sticks : in
large skillet combine 1/3 c butter , 2 crushed garlic cloves , 3 t
worcestershire sauce , 3/4 t salt . heat over low heat . arrange a layer
of bread sticks ( see above recipes ) in skillet , coat them quickly on
all sides . remove to a baking sheet . bake at 250 for about 40 min . or
until dry and crisp . tiny toasted cheese sandwiches : butter both
sides of thick sliced white bread . make filling : combine 3 egg yolks ,
3 heaping t grated swiss cheese , and prepared mustard , salt and
pepper to taste . fold in 3 stiffly beaten egg whites . spread mixture
thickly on half the bread , top with other half . cut each sandwich
into quarters and brown each side in broiler . more toppings from july
1963 `` gourmet '' . heather near l.a. 'u '

yield : 6 servings




nora mill whole wheat biscuits

breads

4 cup nora mill whole wheat flour
1 cup plain white flour
3/4 cup shortening
3 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon dry yeast

mix 1 tbsp . yeast with 1/2 cup warm water and 1 tbsp . sugar . let yeast
rise . sift all flour , soda , salt , baking powder , and 2 tbsp . sugar .
add shortening to sifted ingredients and blend well with hands . add
buttermilk and yeast , then roll out and cut . bake at 400 degrees f .
for 12 minutes . biscuit roll can be refrigerated for up to two weeks .

yield : 24 servings




vicki 's banana nut bread

breads , quick bread , gainesville

1/2 cup butter , unsalted
3/4 cup light brown sugar , packed
1 large egg
1 cup flour , whole wheat
1/2 cup flour , white
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ginger , ground
1/4 teaspoon mace
1 1/4 cup bananas ( 2 or 3 )
4 tablespoon yogurt ( 1/4 cup )
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup pecans , chopped ( 5 oz . )
1 cup dates , chopped

preheat oven to 350 degrees . cream butter , add sugar . beat together
till light and creamy . beat in egg .

sift together flours , baking soda , salt and spices ( can substitute
pumpkin pie spice for mace ) .

mash bananas well and combine and yogurt , stirring just till mixed .
stir in vanilla .

to butter and sugar , add dry ingredients alternately with banana
mixture , beginning and ending with flour . mix just enough to combine
well .

stir in pecans and dates . bake in greased and floured 9x5 loaf pan
50-60 minutes . cool in pan 5-10 minutes ; then cool on rack .

originally got this recipe from nancy phelps ' copy of a _new york
times_ `` health food '' book .

yield : 6 servings




pan de ramerino ( rosemary buns )

breads , italian

3 oz sugar
1 1/2 cup olive oil
2 sprigs fresh rosemary
4 oz raisins
2 tablespoon rosemary leaves*
1 egg

*finely chopped . -- add the sugar to the bread recipe that follows ,
work into a dough , and leave to rise in a warm place until doubled .
meanwhile , in a small pan heat the olive oil slowly with the rosemary
sprigs . discard this rosemary . put the dough on a table and mix the
olive oil into it . add raisins and chopped rosemary and form into
buns of 3 in . diameter . make a cross on the top with a pair of
scissors , brush with the egg ( beaten ) , and bake until golden ( 20-30
mins ) in a 400f oven . both recipes from a table in tuscany , classic
recipes from the heart of italy , by leslie forbes , penguin books 1989 .

yield : 8 servings




wild rice casserole bread

breads , dairy , brunch

1 teaspoon sugar
2 cup warm water ( 105-115f )
2 envelopes active dry yeast
3 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon unsalted butter , melted
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1/3 cup oat bran
1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup cooked wild rice ( about 1/2
1 cup uncooked )
1 oat bran for topping and
1 sprinkling in baking dish

combine sugar and warm water in large bowl . sprinkle yeast over top ;
stir to dissolve yeast . let stand until foamy , about 10 minutes .
stir in honey , butter and salt .

combine whole-wheat flour , oat bran , milk powder and 1 1/2 cups all
purpose flour in large bowl ; add to yeast mixture . beat at medium
speed for 2 minutes . stir in wild rice . grandually beat in remaining
all purpose flour with wooden spoon . beat , stretching dough , about
25 times . cover with clean towel . let rise in warm place , away from
drafts , until doubles in bulk , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . ( do n't punch
down )

grease 2 1/2 to 3 quart casserole or souffle dish . sprinkle with oat
bran .

beat dough with wooden spoon about 25 times . turn dough into prepared
casserole or baking dish . sprinkle top with oat bran .

preheat oven to moderate ( 375f ) temperate .

bake in preheated moderate oven for 50 to 60 minutes or until nicely
browned and bread sounds hollow when tapped with fingers . cool bread
in casserole for 10 minutes . turn bread out onto wire rack . serve
slightly warm .

serving suggestions : serve with butter , cream cheese of chutney , or
with strongly flavored stews and casseroles , roasted meats , and
main-dish salads . good accompanied with hot oatmeal or veggie
omelets .

nutritional content per slice : 121 calories , 4 g protein , 1 g fat ,
24 g carbohydrae , 156 mg sodium , 3 mg cholesterol

yield : 1 loaf




pizza dough ( ew )

breads , main dish

1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 2/3 cup ( to 2 c ) unbleached or all- purpose ; white flour
1 cup cake flour
1 teaspoon salt

in a measuring cup or small bowl , sprinkle yeast ovr 1/4 cup warm
water ; stir until dissolved . in a mixing bowl , combine 1 2/3 cups of
the unbleached or all-purpose flour , cake flour and salt . make a well
in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the yeast mixture .
with a wooden spoon , gradually stir in the flour , adding 3/4 cup warm
watr as you mix . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface
and knead until very smooth , soft and no longer sticky , about 10
minutes , adding additional flour as needed to keep the dough from
sticking . ( the dough should still be quite wet , however . )

set the dough in an oiled bowl and turn to coat lightly . cover with
plastic wrap and let rise until doubled , 2 to 2 1/2 hours .

about 10 minutes before baking pizza , turn the dough onto the floured
board , punch it down and knead briefly . use a pastry cutter or a thin ,
sharp knife to divide the dough in half . ( if you pull the dough
apart , you risk tearing the gluten strands . ) pat each half into a
ball and flatten into a disk . proceed as directed in any of the
following pizza recipes . ( the dough can be made ahead , enclosed in a
plastic bag and stored in the refrigrator for up to 2 days or in the
freezer for up to 2 months . defrost for at least 8 hours in the
refrigerator and bring to room temp . before using . )

makes about 1 1/2 lbs . of dough , enough for two 12-inch pizzas .

entered by : diane pahl ( 1:2410/120 ) recipes from : eating well , the
magazine of food and health ( tm ) issn 1064-16399

yield : 2 pizzas




dark bread

breads

1 cup warm water
1/4 cup maple syrup
2 tablespoon yeast
4 eggs , at room temperature
1/4 cup molasses
1 tablespoon instant coffee
2 tablespoon carob powder
4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 1/2 cup rye flour
1/2 cup corn meal
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

combine warm water and maple syrup ; sprinkle on yeast ; set aside .
using a whisk , blend eggs , molasses , and coffee . add carob powder and
1/2 of flour . beat until smooth . using a wooden spoon , mix in rye
flour and corn meal ; beat thoroughly . gradually add remaining flour .
turn onto floured work surface and knead 15 minutes . place in lightly
oiled bowl ; turn dough so top is also oiled . cover with a towel and
let stand for 1 hour . turn out , punch down , and knead for 3 minutes .
form into round loaves . place on lightly oiled cookie sheets . combine
egg and water ; use to brush loaves . let rise again for 1 hour ; bake
at 350 degrees , 30-40 minutes or until thunking sound is made when
bread is hit with a knuckle .

yield : 2 servings




carrot-raisin loaf

breads

1 cup whole-wheat four
1 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 large eggs , slightly beaten
1/3 cup honey
1 cup lowfat lemon yogurt
2 tablespoon canola oil
1/2 cup shredded carrots
1/2 cup chopped raisins

preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. ( 165 degrees c. ) . grease a 9 x
5-inch loaf pan and set it aside . in a large bowl , stir together the
whole wheat flour , the unbleached flour , soda , baking powder , salt ,
nutmeg , and cinnamon . in a medium bowl combine the eggs , honey ,
yogurt and oil . add to the dry mixture and stir until well blended .
stir in the carrots and raisins . bake in the preheated oven for 45 to
50 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out
clean . cool in the pan for 10 minutes and then turn out onto a
cooling rack to finished cooling .

each slice contains :
tot sat . cal . prot . carb . fib . fat
fat chol sodium 173 5 g 32 g 2 g 4 g 1 g 36 mg 236 mg

yield : 1 servings




scottish bannocks

breads , cookies

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup quick-cooking oats
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) butter , room temperatur ; e
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 pinch of salt
1/2 cup ( about ) milk

a cross between a chewy oatmeal cookie and a biscuit . serve fresh
from the oven as is or split and toasted . excellent for breakfast or
tea . bannocks are best the day they are baked .

makes 10 to 12

preheat oven to 450 f. combine flour , oats , butter , sugar , baking
powder and salt in large bowl . rub mixture against side of bowl with
wooden spoon until butter is completely blended in . slowly stir in
enough milk to make stiff dough . turn out onto lightly floured
surface and knead just until dough holds together . reflour surface
lightly . roll dough out 1/3 inch thick . cut into 2 1/2-inch rounds .
gather scraps together . reroll and cut additional bannocks . arrange
on ungreased baking sheet , spacing 1 inch apart . bake until light
brown , 12 to 15 minutes . serve hot or cool on racks .

bon appetit

yield : 10 servings




italian olive bread

breads

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 pkg quick rising yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup warm water ( 115 f )
2 eggs
2 oz butter
1/2 cup stuffed green olives
1/2 cup black olives cornmeal
1 beaten egg yolk

in food processor , pulse 3/4 of the flour , the yeast , sugar and salt
with metal blade until blended , about 2 pulses . add water , egg and
butter and process until blended , about 30 seconds . add remaining
flour , 1/4 cup at a time , pulsing twice after each addition . process
for 45 seconds after dough begins to clean side of bowl . place dough
in a large floured plastic food storage bag . twist to squeeze out
air and seal at top with a twist tie . let rise until doubled , about
55 minutes . drain olives and pat dry on paper towels . pulse-chop
coarsely , 3-4 times , reserve . punch down dough and turn onto floured
work surface . pat or roll form into 14 x 14 inch square . let rest 3-4
minutes . spread chopped olives evenly over dough to within 1 inch of
the edge and press lightly . roll up jelly-roll style . tuck ends under
and pinch together ends and seams . place seam side own on greased
baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal . cover with oiled plastic wrap
and let rise 25 minutes . preheat oven to 350 f. brush loaf with egg
yolk , bake until brown 40-45 minutes . cool on wire rack . serve warm .

yield : 1 servings




cheese batter bread

breads

1 cup milk
1 cup water
2 tablespoon butter
2 pkg active dry yeast
5 1/3 cup flour
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
6 oz sharp cheddar cheese ; shredded
1 egg

combine milk , 1/2 cup of the water , and the butter in a small
saucepan and heat until butter melts . set aside to cool .

sprinkle the yeast over remaining water in a small bowl.set aside to
proof and soften . place 1 3/4 cups of the flour , the sugar and salt
in a large bowl .

using an electric mixer , gradually add the liquids to the dry
ingredients and beat 2 minutes at medium speed , scraping the sides of
the bowl occasionally . add cheese , egg and 3/4 cup flour , or enough
to make a thick batter .

beat on high speed for 2 minutes , again scraping bowl occasionally .
gradually stir in just enough of the remaining flour to make a stiff
batter so it leaves the sides of the bowl . cover with a damp cloth
and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour .

adjust rack in the lower third of oven ; preheat ot 375f . using a
wooden spoon , stir the raised batter down until it is almost its
original volume . beat for 1 minute .

spoon batter into 2 deep , well-greased , round , 1 quart casseroles .
bake 40-50 minutes , or until golden . cool 5 minutes , then remove from
casseroles and cool , rounded sides up , on wire racks .

per slice of bread : calories : 105 , protein : 4 g , carbohydrate : 15 g ,
fat : 3 g , saturated fat : 2 g , cholesterol : 15 mg , sodium : 245 mg .

source : san francisco chronicle typed by katherine smith

yield : 2 loaves




banana bran bread

breads

1 cup flour ; sifted
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon shortening
1/4 cup sugar
1 each egg ; well beaten
1 cup bran ; shredded
2 tablespoon milk
2 each bananas ; thinly sliced

sift in dry ingredients . cream shortening , add sugar gradually , cream
well . add egg , bran and milk . mix and allow to stand while slicing
bananas , stirring as little as possible , bake in small bread pan in
upper part of oven with remainder of meal .

note : no temperature or time given . assume a moderate 350 - 400 f
oven for 45 - 60 minutes . source : luella coffy , petersburg grange ,
carroll county , oh

yield : 1 servings




rosie 's sour cream & buttermilk cornbread

breads , miamiherald

2 cup cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
1 carton sour cream ( 8oz )

combine the cornmeal , baking soda , and salt , then mix in the
buttermilk and sour cream . pour into a well greased 9-inch pie plate
or cake pan and bake at 35o degrees for 40 minutes , or until lightly
browned .

nutritional info per serving : 202 cal ; 5g pro , 30g carb , 7g fat
( 31 % ) , 1.8g fiber , 14mg chol , 292mg sod

source : cook 's corner , miami herald , 9/14/95 format : 8/10/96 , lisa
crawford

yield : 8 servings




refrigerator rise white bread

breads

6 1/2 cup unbleached flour *
2 tablespoon sugar
2 1/4 cup hot water ( 130 degrees f . )
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon salt
1/4 cup butter or margarine **

* use up to this much flour . use only enough flour to make a soft
dough and to keep from sticking when kneading . ** butter or margarine
must be at room temperature or use the same amount of vegetable oil .
in a large bowl mix 2 cups of the flour , the yeast , sugar , and salt .
stir in the hot water and when mixed , beat with an electric mixer at
medium medium speed or with a wooden spoon for 2 minutes , scraping
sides of bowl occasionally .

add butter and 1 cup more of the flour ; when mixed , beat at medium
speed or by hand for 2 minutes , scraping bowl occasionally . with
wooden spoon , gradually stir in enough of the remaining flour to make
a soft dough .

turn dough out on lightly floured surface ( use some of the remaining
flour ) and knead for 8 to 10 minutes until dough is smooth and
elastic , adding only enough flour to keep dough from sticking .

cover dough with bowl and let stand 20 minutes .

in the meantime grease two 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pans or a
large baking sheet .

uncover dough and knead briefly ; divide in half and place in pans or
on baking sheet . brush 2 sheets of plastic wrap with oil and cover
loaves loosely .

refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours .

when ready to bake , remove from refrigerator , uncover and puncture any
surface bubbles with a skewer or wooden toothpick . place in an
unheated oven ; turn on oven to 350 degrees f. bake 40 to 60 minutes
or until done .

cool loaves on wire rack .

makes 2 loaves converted by mmconv vers . 1.40 -- -

yield : 4 servings




double bran citrus muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour with wheat bran ( ; five roses )
1/2 cup oat bran
1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1 grated rind of 1/2 orange
1 grated rind of 1/2 lemon
1/2 cup dates or prunes ; chopped
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

in a large bowl , combine flour , oat bran , sugar , baking powder ,
baking soda and salt . in a separate bowl , beat buttermilk , oil , egg
and citrus rinds . add to dry ingredients , mixing until just dampened
and still lumpy . lightly stir in dates and spoon into lightly greased
muffin cups . sprinkle with sesame seeds . bake at 375 f for 20 minutes .

yield : 10 muffins




my buttermilk pancakes

breads

2 cup flour
1 egg
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
2 cup buttermilk/sourmilk
1 1/2 tablespoon oil

using a processor or blender . put liquid ingredients in first . add
dry ingredients and blend or process till mixed . if too thick add a
little more buttermilk or sour milk .

yield : 4 servings




saluf bi hilbeh ( flat bread with fenugreek &

breads , yemani

1 pkg active dry yeast warm water
2 cup plain flour
2 cup wholemeal flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 oil or ghee
1 hilbeh

makes 12 loaves oven temperature : 260c ( 500f ) cooking time : 4
minutes each lot

soak yeast in 1/4 cup water and stir to dissolve .

sift flours into a mixing bowl , remove 1 cup flour and keep aside .

blend remaining water and salt into yeast liquid and pour into flour .
mix in a little of the flour to thicken liquid , cover and leave in a
warm place for 10-15 minutes until frothy . blend in remaining flour
in bowl , then beat by hand for 10 minutes , or on electric mixer using
dough hook for 5 minutes .

turn onto a floured board and knead in enough of the reserved flour
to make dough smooth and satiny . return to bowl , sprinkle top of
dough lightly with flour and stretch a sheet of plastic film over top
of bowl . leave in a warm place until doubled in bulk - about 30
minutes . preheat oven .

punch down dough and turn out on board . knead a little , then divide
into 12 equal portions . place a heavy flat griddle or baking sheet
on centre shelf in oven and heat for 10 minutes . grease with a wad of
paper towelling dipped in oil . roll out each portion to a 15 cm ( 6
inch ) round and prick with a fork . brush top lightly with oil and
spread on 1 teaspoon hilbeh . lift 2 loaves onto a lightly floured ,
flat-edged baking sheet or plywood board and slide onto heated
griddle or baking sheet .

bake in hot oven for 4 minutes . top may be lightly browned under a
hot grill . as breads are removed , wrap in a cloth to keep them warm
and soft . serve warm .

note : if breads begin to puff up during cooking , press top with a
folded cloth . breads should be bubbly , but should not form a pocket .

source : the complete middle east cookbook by tess mallos typographical
errors courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 12 servings




fantastic beer rye bread

breads

1 jim vorheis
2 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup beer
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup molasses ( preferably dark )
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
5 cup rye flour
4 cup all-purpose flour
1 egg

makes 2 long loaves or 3 round loaves . sprinkle dry yeast in warm
water . stir until dissolved . heat beer until it just starts to
bubble . remove from heat and add shortening . add molasses , salt and
caraway seeds to beer and stir . cool until lukewarm and stir in
dissolved yeast . beat in rye flour . beat in white flour until dough
is too firm to beat ( you may not need it all ) . turn out onto floured
board . knead until smooth and elastic , 6 to 10 minutes . put into
greased bowl and butter top of dough . cover and let rise in warm
place until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . on a lightly floured
board , knead again until smooth . shape into 2 long loaves or 3 round
loaves . slash top with very sharp knife several times . brush with egg
that has been beaten with 1 tablespoon water . let loaves stand until
doubled in bulk . brush again with beaten egg . bake in preheated 350
f oven for 40 to 45 minutes .

colorado cache cookbook ( 1978 ) from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




ada 's molasses nut bread

breads , both , holiday

2 3/4 cup flour ; sifted all-purpose
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup nut meats ; chopped
1/2 cup seedless raisins
3/4 cup molasses
1 egg ; beaten
1/4 cup shortening ; melted or oil
2 teaspoon grated orange rind

mix together and sift flour , baking powder , soda , salt and sugar
into a mixing bowl ; add nut meats and raisins and mix together .
combine the milk , molasses , egg , shortening and orange rind ; add to
dry mixture and stir only enough to dampen flour . bake in a greased
bread pan , 10x5x3 inch , in a moderate oven , 350 degrees f. , for 1 1/4
hours .

this recipe makes a large loaf of fruit bread .

from the flavor of maine by brownie schrumpf . a culinary special
published by the bangor daily news . @ 1976 .

shared by robert rostrup .
the `` lark '' ( cooking , wp51 , chatter )

~ -- ezpoint v2.2
* origin : `` lark 's '' place ( 1:343/26.3 )
======================================================================
====
bbs : computer specialties bbs date : 03-22-93 ( 05:56 ) number : 35751
from : lawrence kellie refer # : none to : cindy vincent
recvd : no subj : re : i need recipes ! ! conf : ( 149 ) cooking

yield : 1 servings




fennel-raisin round

breads

2 1/2 cup bread flour ( or more )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water ( 105f-to-115f )
1 tablespoon sugar
4 tablespoon butter
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup warm milk ( 105f-to-115f )
1 egg ; lightly beaten
1 tablespoon fennel seeds
1/3 cup pine nuts
1/3 cup black raisins or currants
-- -- glaze -- --
1 egg ; beaten , mixed with
1 teaspoon water

earthy and textured , this is great as a snack or at a party . for a
party , double this to make 1 large or 2 regular loaves .

preheat oven to 350f . in a food processor or mixer bowl , add 2 1/2
cups of the flour , sugar , salt , and butter . dissolve the yeast in the
warm water . add the warm milk and yeast mixture . add the egg . knead
to make a soft dough , adding flour if needed . allow 1 minute in a
food processor , using the metal blade or 5-to-10 minutes in a mixer
using a dough hook . do not over knead . by hand , knead in the fennel
seeds , pine nuts and raisins . place in an oiled plastic bag or oiled
bowl and turn to coat . seal or cover and let rise until doubled ,
about 1 hour . punch down . shape into a round . let double again . slash
the top . brush with egg glaze . bake 1/2 hour or until the bottom
sounds hollow when tapped . cool on a rack . this freezes well .

yield : 1 servings




no-knead bread

breads , low fat

7 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour
2 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 tablespoon molasses ; unsulphered
4 cup water ; warm

recipe by : mcdougall plan put flour in a large bowl . place in a warm
oven for 30 minutes to warm flour and bowl to 110 degrees ( 1 1/2
minutes in microwave ) . dissolve yeast in 1 cup warm water ( 110
degrees ) . add molasses and mix well . let rest about 3 minutes . then ,
add the yeast mixture and the remaining water ( 3 cups , warm ) . mix
well by stirring or use one hand to mix in bowl . do no knead . dough
will be sticky . use non-stick pans or lightly oil two large loaf pan
( 9 '' x5 '' x3 '' ) . sprinkle with cornmeal . spoon dough mixture into pans .
smooth top with hand dampened with water to prevent sticking . cover
with towel . place in a warm spot . let rise about 1 hour or until
dough reaches top of pans . preheat oven to 400 degrees . bake for 20
minutes . reduce heat to 350 degrees . bake 30-40 minutes longer .
remove pans from oven , tip pans on sides , and let cool on racks for
15 minutes . remove loaves from pans and continue to cool before
storing . bread is moist , so keep best in refrigerator .

helpful hints : recipe may be doubled to make four loaves . refrigerate
or freeze extra loaves until ready to use . other flours may be used
in place of 1.5 cups whole wheat , such as brown rice flour , garbanzo
flour , or barley flour . use of nonstick pans is recommended . from the
collection of sue smith , s.smith34 , uploaded june 16 , 1994

yield : 2 servings




crusty pizza dough

breads , main dish

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon olive oil
3 1/2 cup flour
1 cornmeal

dissolve yeast in warm water in warmed bowl . add salt , olive oil and
2 1/2 cups flour . attach bowl and dough hook , turn to speed 2 and mix
2 minutes . continuing on speed 2 , add remaining flour , 1/2 cup at a
time , until dough clings to hook and cleans side of bowl . knead on
speed two for 5 minutes.place in greased bowl , turning to grease top .
cover , let rise in warm place , free from draft , until doubled in
bulk , about 1 hour . punch dough down . brush a 14 inch pizza pan with
oil , sprinkle with cornmeal . press dough across bottom of pan ,
forming a collar around edge to hold filling . top with desired
fillings . bake at 450 f for 15 to 20 minutes . yield : one 14 inch pizza .

yield : 1 servings




grilled cardamom nan bread

breads

1 envelope active dry yeast
1 1/4 cup lukewarm water ( 110f-115f )
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon olive oil + extra
3 1/2 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon ground cardamom

in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in the water and stir in the honey .
let stand until foamy , about 10 minutes . add the 1 t oil , the flour ,
salt and cardamom and stir until the dough forms a cohesive mass .

turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until
smooth and elastic , about 6 minutes . divide the dough into 8 pieces
and shape each piece into a ball . set the balls on an oiled baking
sheet and brush with oil . cover loosely with plastic and let rise in
a warm place until doubled in bulk , 1 to 2 hours . ( dough can be
refrigerated overnight - punch down balls before proceeding )

on a lightly floured surface , roll out each ball of dough to an 8-inch
disk . arrange them on 3 oiled baking sheets and let rest for 20
minutes .

light a grill or heat a grill pan or cast-iron skillet . brush each nan
lightly with olive oil and grill for about 1 minute , until golden on
the bottom and light bubbles form on the top . turn and cook until
golden all over , about 1 minute . keep warm while you cook the
remaining nan .

reprinted from food and wine magazine , july 1996 .

yield : 8 servings




nut kolachky filling

breads

1/2 lb ground walnuts
3/4 cup sugar
3 egg whites
2 tablespoon melted butter
1 egg

contributed to the echo by : leti labell originally from : `` the best of
boris '' by the st. mark women 's guild of bethesda , md . nut kolachky
filling wites , sugar and melted butter to the ground walnuts and mix
well . makes approximately 10 dozen .

yield : 1 servings




black angus garlic-cheese bread

breads , quick & easy

1 loaf french bread
1/2 cup butter , softened
1 cup shredded asiago cheese
1 cup shredded jack cheese
1 cup mayonnaise
1 bunch green onions , chopped
2 cloves garlic , pureed

split french bread loaf into halves horizontally . mix butter ,
cheeses , mayonnaise , green onions and garlic in bowl , blending well .
spread the cut side of bread halves with spread . bake at 350 degrees
for 7 minutes , then place under broiler about 3 minutes longer . cut
into slices & serve .

by david r. ford , black angus executive chef in the sacramento bee ,
mar 29 , '95 .

yield : 10 servings




christmas stollen from brigitte sealing

breads , christmas

1 1/8 lb flour
7 oz sugar
1 pinch salt
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon lemon juice
4 tablespoon rum
1 pinch cardomom ( generous )
1 pinch mace ( generous )
2 eggs
4 1/2 oz butter
4 1/2 oz currants well drained
9 oz sultanas
9 oz almonds , finely chopped
3 1/2 oz candied lemon peel
1 3/4 oz butter for brushing
2 tablespoon powdered sugar for dusting
1 3/4 oz beef drippings
9 oz cottage cheese , well drained

mix and sieve together the flour and baking powder onto a pastry
board or cool slab . make a well in the center and pour in the sugar ,
vanilla , rum , lemon juice , and the eggs . draw in some flour from the
sides of the well to mix with these and form a thick paste . add the
cold butter , cut into small pieces , the finely chopped beef
drippings , cottage cheese , currants , sultanas , nuts and candied peel .
cover the fruits with more of the flour , and then starting from the
middle , work all of it together quickly with your hands into a firm ,
smooth paste . if it should stick , add a little more flour . form the
mix into a long , oval shape , and then fold it over lengthwise to give
it the traditional `` stollen '' shape .

line a baking dish with greased waxed paper and place stollen on this .

preheat the oven for 5 minutes at 500f . then bake at a moderately hot
over ( 375f ) for 50-60 minutes . as soon as the stollen comes out of
the oven , brush with melted butter and dust thickly with powdered
sugar .

yield : 6 servings




best : orange date loaf

breads

-- -- best : basic muffin mix -- --
5 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 1/2 cup natural bran
1 3/4 cup skim milk powder
1 1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
-- -- orange date loaf -- --
3 cup best : basic muffin mix
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup dates , chopped
2 teaspoon orange rind , coarsely chop
1 cup orange juice
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
4 dates , quarter lengthwise

best : basic muffin mix :

in large bowl , stir together all-purpose and whole wheat flours ,
bran , milk powder , sugar , baking powder and salt until combined .

[ for storage : transfer to airtight container ; store in cool , dry
place . stir well before using . ]

orange date loaf :

in large bowl , stir best : basic muffin mix with baking soda . in
separate bowl , whisk together chopped dates , orange rind and juice ,
oil , eggs and vanilla ; stir into dry ingredients just until moistened .

pour into greased 8x4-inch loaf pan ; arrange quartered dates in line
lengthwise on top . bake in 350f 180c oven for 55 minutes or until
tester inserted in centre comes out clean . let cool in pan for 15
minutes ; remove loaf to rack and let cool completely . makes 1 loaf ,
16 slices .

source : canadian living magazine , oct 94 presented in article by
elizabeth baird : `` baking up the best '' recipe by canadian living test
kitchen

[ -=pam=- ] pa_meadows @ msn.com

yield : 1 loaf




pecan sugar cookies

biscuits

1 1/4 cup sugar , light brown water
3 tablespoon honey
1 egg
2 1/3 cup flour
1 cup pecans , coarsely ground
2 1/2 tablespoon cinnamon
1 tablespoon baking soda
1 tablespoon allspice

in mixing bowl combine brown sugar , water , honey and egg . beat about
10 seconds with mixer . in a separate bowl combine flour , pecans ,
cinnamon , allspice and baking soda , baking powder , mixing well . add to
wet ingredients and stir . drop batter by the teaspoonfuls on greased
cookie sheet . bake at 375 degrees for 12 minutes . makes about 3 dozen
cookies . let cool well before storing . from chef paul prudhomme 's
louisana kitchens .

yield : 1 servings




lemon doughnut balls ( kh )

breads , desserts , doughnuts

2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon grated lemon peel
1/4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 cup lemon iuice
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup flaked coconut
1/2 cup milk
1 vegetable oil or shortening ,
1 heated to 375
1/4 cup melted butter
1 confectioner 's sugar

combine flour , sugar , baking powder , salt , and baking soda in a mixing
bowl . combine milk , butter , lemon peel and juice , egg , and coconut in
a separate bowl : beat well . add liquid ingredients to dry ingredients
stir just until flour is moistened . drop by teaspoonfuls into hot oil
fry 3 minutes , or until golden brown . drain on paper towels . sprinkle
with con fectioners ' sugar .

yield : 1 servings




challah~ favorite recipe

breads

1 1/4 cup cold water
2 pkg dry yeast
2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon butter or margarine
1/2 cup sugar ( + 1 t if desired )
3 eggs
7 cup unbleached flour ( approx . )
1 egg yold mixed w/ 1 t water
1 1/2 cup golden raising ( optional )

in large bowl of electric mixer , thoroughly mix undissolved yeast
with 1/3 of the flour and all other dry ingredients . in a 2 to 4 cup
measure , start with 1 1/4 cups cold water . add margarine , then add
enough water to make 2 cups liquid . heat liquids with margarine over
low heat unitl very warm , 110 to 120 degrees . margarine does not need
to melt . add liquids to dry ingredients . beat for 2 minutes at
medium speed of electric mixer , scraping bowl occasionally . add about
1/2 cup flour , or enough flour to make a thick batter . add the 3 eggs
one at a time . beat on high speed for 2 minutes , scraping bowl
occasionally . use dough hook or wooden spoon to stir , adding all but
one cup of flour or as much as is needed to make elastic dough .
amount will vary according to temperature and humidity of room . if
raisins are used , add here and stir thoroughly . turn dough out on
floured surface , kneading until it becomes smooth and satiny to the
touch . add more flour if needed . place dough in well-greased bowl ,
turning to grease top of dough . cover with plastic wrap and let rise
until doubled in bulk , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . punch down . return to
lightly floured board . cut into desired amount of loaves . this recipe
makes 1 very large , 2 large or 3 medium loaves . cut amount of dough
desired . stretch into one strand and twist to form a crown.
paint egg mixture . repeat with remaining dough . tops may be sprinkled
with sesame or poppy seeds . after bread has risen for about an hour ,
brush any dry areas with egg wash. prick any air bubbles . bake in
375-degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes , until browned . a flick of
finger should produce a hollow sound . remove to rack to cool . challah
freezes well but should be thoroughly cooled before wrapping in heavy
foil .

yield : 12 servings




zucchini bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup bread flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup walnuts ( 1 oz ) ; chopped
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
3 tablespoon zucchini ; grated
3/4 cup water
1 teaspoon dry yeast

bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except liquids
and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close cover
and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . press start .

yield : 1 servings




pugach ( pie )

breads , main dish , pies , ethnic

3/4 cup milk , scalded
3 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 each egg , slightly beaten
4 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg yeast
3 tablespoon shortening
1/4 cup water , lukewarm
-- -- fillings : cabbage -- --
1 single med . hd . cabbage , chop fine
1 single butter
-- -- fillings : potato -- --
3 each potato , med. , mashed
1 each egg , beaten
1 single chives , chopped
-- -- fillings : sauerkraut -- --
1/2 lb sauerkraut , drained
1 single butter

pour milk over salt , sugar and shortening . cool to lukewarm . add
egg , then yeast which has been disolved in water . add about half of
the flour . beat well . add remainder of flour . beat . turn out on
floured board and knead about 5 minutes . place in greased bowl and
let rise until doubled in bulk . divide dough in two portions . flatten
out one piece to about 2-inch thickness . place desired filling in
center . draw up and pinch edges together to cover filling . roll out
lightly and carefully to pie shape , about 3/4 inch thick . folow same
method for remaining half of dough . place on greased cookie sheet .
let rise about 1/2 hour . bake at 374-f about 20 to 30 minutes . when
done , brush both sides with browned butter .
cabbage filling : saute cabbage in butter until soft .
potato filling : combine potatoes , chives and egg .
sauerkraut filling : fry saurkraut slowly in butter about 5 mins .
makes about 2 loaves .

yield : 6 servings




oatmeal cinnamon swirl bread

breads

1 1/2 cup warm skim milk
1 cup oats
1 white flour
2/3 cup brown sugar
1 egg white
1 teaspoon salt
1 pkg yeast
-- -- filling -- --
1/3 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 tablespoon vanilla

stir the warm milk and oatmeal together and let it sit for about 15
min . stir in the yeast till dissolved and let this sit for another 15
min . beat the egg while a bit first to break it up and stir it in ,
too . also add the sugar and salt . beat this very well for about 5
min . now start to add unbleached white flour ( i use 'bread ' flour ,
but it is n't strickly neccessary ) . beat in as much as you can by
hand , then turn the dough our onto a flour-dusted counter and knead ,
addd flour as neccessary . be careful not to add too much , or the
bread will be dry . this is a sticky dough and a dough-scaper or
spatula will be helpful in scaping it off the counter while kneading .
knead for more than 5 min . dump the dough back into the bowl ( no need
to wash it or 'grease ' it ! ) and cover the bowl with plastic wrap . let
the dough rise till double ( the time will depend on whether you use
regular or fast rising yeast- should be about 1 h for regular and
30min for fast rising ) .

scrape the dough out onto the counter again and give it a few kneads .
flour the counter will and shape the dough into a regular shaped
rectangle and use a floured rolling pin the roll it out . roll the
short side to match your loaf pan width and roll it as 'long ' as you
want . spread the sugar and cinnamon over the drizzle the vanilla over
it all . roll it up and make sure there is no sugar over the last inch
or so , so the dough seals . strech dough over the open ends , so the
sugar does n't leak out and place the dough in a 'pam ' sprayed large
loaf pan ( 9x5 ? ) . cover it with plastic wrap that has been sprayed
with 'pam ' and let it rise till just over the top of the pan . bake
in a 350 f oven for about 35-40 min .

yield : 1 loaf




clootie dumpling

breads

6 oz plain flour
3 oz shredded suet ( usually available at ; your butcher )
3 oz currants ( dark raisins )
1 oz sultanas ( white raisins )
2 oz to 3 oz castor sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup buttermilk or sour milk

mix flour with suet , fruit , sugar , cinnamon and soda . stir in enough
milk to make a soft batter . dip a pudding cloth ( cheesecloth ) into
boiling water , sink it in a basin large enough to hold the batter .
dredge it lightly with flour and spoon in the batter . draw the
fullness of the cloth together evenly , then tie it tightly with
string , but leave enough room for the dumpling to swell . place a
saucer or plate in the bottom of a large saucepan . lift the dumpling
into the pan . pour in enough boiling water to cover . simmer for a
full 2 hours , then untie . turn out carefully onto a hot serving dish .
dredge with castor sugar . serve with hot custard sauce . yields 4 to 6
servings .

for the hot custard sauce , we usually use byrd 's custard . if you have
the availability of british goods in your area , they should have
byrd 's custard . it comes in a large tin , like a container of powdered
chocolate for chocolate milk . just follow the directions to make a
custard , only dilute it a little more to make it sauce-like .

gsd

yield : 6 servings




gourmet 's popovers

breads , desserts

1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
1 cup milk
1 unsalted butter

into a bowl , sift together the flour and the salt . in a small bowl ,
whisk together the eggs and milk . add the milk mixture to the flour
mixture , stirring , and stir the batter until it is smooth .

in a preheated 450f oven , heat a 6 cup popover pan for 5 minutes .
brush with melted butter and fill them half full with the batter .
bake in the middle of the oven for 20 minutes . reduce heat to 375f
and bake for 20 minutes more or until they are golden brown and
crisp . makes 6 popovers .

a 1957 gourmet mag . favorite

yield : 6 servings




orange waffles

breads

1 1/4 cup sifted cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder

1 t sugar 1 pn salt 2 ea eggs 1 t vanilla 1/2 c milk 1/2 c orange
juice 1 ea grated rind of 1 orange 1/4 c melted butter resift flour ,
baking powder , sugar & salt into mixing bowl . beat together in
another small bowl eggs , vanilla , milk & orange juice . gradually pour
liquid ingredients into flour & stir with wooden spoon to blend well .
gently stir in grated orange rind . do not overwork batter ; it should
remain a little lumpy . finally , stir in melted butter , cover , & put
aside for at least l hour . heat waffle iron . scrape batter into
pitcher & when iron is ready , pour in enough batter to cover 2/3 of
iron 's surface . close the cover & bake until most of steam has
stopped escaping from around sides of the iron . remove baked waffles
at once .

yield : 6 servings




russian black bread

russian , black bread

5 cup all purpose flour
2 packages yeast
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
2 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 cup water
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup molasses
2 oz unsweetened chocolate , melted
2 teaspoon instant coffee crystals
3 cup rye flour
1 pkg chopped dates or pitted
1 dates , snipped

instructions : in a large bowl , combine 3 cups flour , undissolved yeast ,
caraway seeds and salt . heat water , oil , molasses , chocolate , and instant
coffee until very warm ( 120 to 130 ) gradually add to dry ingredients .
beat 2 minutes at medium speed of electric mixer , scraping bowl
occasionally . beat 2 minutes at high speed . with spoon , stir in rye flour
and enough remaining all-purpose flour to make soft dough . knead on floured
surface until smooth , about 10 minutes . place in a greased bowl , turning to
grease top . cover , let rise in a warm place until doubled in size , about 45
to 60 minutes . punch dough down . on floured surface , knead in dates , divide
dough in half . shape each into 5 diameter ball . place on two greased 8
round cake pans or on greased baking sheets . cover , let rise in warm place
until doubled in size , about 45 to 60 minutes . bake at 350 for 45 minutes
or until done . remove from pans , cool on wire racks .

back of fleischmann s active dry yeast package

from the recipe files of harvey bennett h.bennett2 @ genie.geis.com entered :
3/19/94 exported : 4/8/94

yield : 2 round loav




oatcakes ( traditional method )

breads

4 oz oatmeal
1 teaspoon fat
1 ; water , hot
1 pinch salt
1 pinch baking soda

as the dough stiffens when lying about , it is best to make a bannock
at a time , using the above quantities , the next being prepared whilst
the one is on the girdle [ not a typo ! ] .

put the oatmeal into a bowl and add the salt and soda . melt a
teaspoon of dripping or fat ( bacon fat , goose fat , or poultry fat are
all excellent ) . make a well in the centre of the meal , put in the
dripping , and add as much hot water as will make a stiff paste . rub
plenty of oatmeal on to the baking board ; turn out the mixture and
form into a smooth ball . knead and roll out as thinly as possible .
rub constantly on both sides with dry meal to prevent sticking , and
keep the edges as even as possible by pinching wit finger and thumb .
give a final rub with meal , cut into a round , using a plate , and then
cut the bannock into farls ( fardels or quarters ) or into smaller
pieces . place on a moderately hot girdle and bake steadily till th
cakes curl up at the edge ; then toast the other side slightly before
a clea fire or finish in the oven .

if you have neither a girdle nor a thick-bottomed frying-pan , you may
bake the oatcakes in a moderate over for 20-30 minutes , till quite
dry and curle at the edges .

buttered oatcakes are particularly good with marmalade , honey ,
cheese , frie herrings , and sardines .

*recipes from scotland* , 1946

yield : 2 servings




white bread ( smith )

breads

1 pint milk
2 tablespoon lard
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 flour

scald milk , then cool with water until tepid , then add 1 pt lukewarm
water . dissolve 2 compressed yeast cakes in 1/2 c. lukewarm water and
1 t. sugar . let rise , add to milk , etc . add flour and knead in big
loaf , until it handles nicely but not too stiff . cover and let rise 2
hours , knead down once more , let rise 1 hour . knead in loaves , let
rise 1 hour , or until double in bulk . bake 50 minutes , 425 f. for 15
minutes , 350 f. remainder of time . will make 2 or 3 loaves . you can
use water instead of milk , and can add 3 medium size , boiled and
mashed potatoes if prefered .

source : merle smith , jefferson grange , ashtabula county , oh

yield : 2 servings




italian christmas bread

breads , italian

1 cup warm water ( 105 to 115 degrees )
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) butter or margarine , soft ; ened
3 eggs , beaten
1 egg , separated
5 1/2 to 6 - cups sifted all-purpose flou ; r
1 cup raisins
1 cup ( 8 oz ) mixed candied peel
1/2 cup ( 4 oz ) red candied cherries , halved
1 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted
2 tablespoon water
2 tablespoon sugar

if possible , check temperature of warm water with a thermometer .
sprinkle yeast over water in a large bowl , stirring until dissolved .
add 1/2 cup sugar , salt , 1/2 cup butter , 3 eggs , the egg yolk and 3
cups flour ; beat with wooden spoon or electric mixer until smooth ,
about 2 minutes . gradually , add remaining flour ; mix in last part
with hand until dough leaves side of bowl .

turn dough onto lightly floured board . knead until smooth , 5 minutes .
( dough is soft . ) place in lightly greased large bowl ; turn to bring
greased side up . cover with towel ; let rise in a warm place , free
from drafts , until double in bulk , about 1 hour .

grease well and line inside of 8 '' springform pan with 4 '' strip of
buttered brown paper . punch down dough ; turn out onto lightly floured
pastry cloth or board . knead in raisins and candied fruits until well
distributed , about 5 minutes . place dough in prepared pan . brush top
with 1 tbsp melted butter . cover with towel ; let rise in warm place ,
free from drafts , until more than double in bulk , about 2 hours .

preheat oven to 350 degrees . with a sharp knife , cut deep cross on
top of bread . brush with egg white combined with 2 tbsp water . bake
30 minutes . remove bread form oven . brush again with egg white
mixture and sprinkle with sugar . continue baking 30 minutes longer or
until golden brown . remove from pan ; cool on rack . makes 1 loaf .

yield : 1 servings




bara brith ( currant bread ) welsh

breads

1/4 lb dried fruit
1 pint warm water
2 lb plain flour
6 oz lard
1/2 lb demerara sugar
4 oz candied peel
1/2 teaspoon mixed spice
2 teaspoon salt
1 oz fresh yeast
2 each eggs

oven : 450f , gas mark 8 for 15 minutes : 375f , gas mark 5 for 45
minutes .

soak the fruit and candied peel in the water with the spice . leave to
steep in a warm place and use the warm spicy , strained water to mix
the dough .

sift the flour and salt and rub in the lard ; cream the yeast with the
sugar and a little of the spiced water ; mix this into the flour ,
together with the eggs and use enough of the water to give a firm ,
yet elastic dough .

knead well , leave to rise and knock back ; blend in the drained fruit
and knead again .

shape the dough into loaves and set into greased 1 lb tins in a warm
place to prove ; bake , reducing the temperature after the first 15
minutes .

originally , in some recipies , the fruit content would have been fresh
currants or blackberries .

bara brith is often served as part of the traditional welsh tea . it
can also be purchased at many of the small bakeries found throughout
wales .

british cookery ( bta/bfpc )

yield : 16 servings




glazed irish tea cake

breads , cakes

-- -- cake -- --
3/4 cup unsalted butter room temperature
1 cup sugar
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 large eggs
3 oz cream cheese room temperature
1 3/4 cup cake flour
1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup dried currants
2/3 cup buttermilk
-- -- glaze -- --
1/2 cup confectioners ' sugar , sifted
2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice

preheat oven to 325f , with rack in center of oven . generously grease a
9-inch ( 7-cup capacity ) loaf pan . dust with flour ; tap pan over sink
to discard excess flour . cut piece of parchment paper or waxed paper
to fit bottom of pan . set aside . for cake , use mixer to cream butter ,
sugar and vanilla until fluffy . add eggs , 1 at a time , beating each
until fluffy . add cream cheese . mix until well combined . sift flour ,
baking powder and salt together . put currants in small bowl . add 1/4
cup of flour mixture to currants . stir currants until well coated .
add remaining flour to batter , alternating with buttermilk . mix until
smooth . use wooden spoon to stir in currants and all of the flour .
stir until well combined . transfer batter to prepared pan . smooth
surface with spatula . bake until well-browned and toothpick inserted
into center comes out clean , about 1 hour , 25 minutes . cake will
crack on top . let cake rest in pan for 10 minutes . use flexible metal
spatula to separate cake from sides of pan . carefully remove cake
from pan to cooling rack . spread glaze on warm cake . let cake cool
completely . cake can be stored 3 days at room temperature in foil .
cake can also be frozen up to 3 months , wrapped airtight . for glaze ,
combine sugar and lemon juice in small bowl . stir until smooth .

yield : 10 servings




mideastern cashew pitas

breads , vegetarian , sandwich , grains

1/2 cup plain yogurt
2 teaspoon to 3 tsp snipped fresh
1 cilantro or parsley
1 pinch of curry powder
1/2 cup dry roasted cashews
1/2 cup chopped cucumber
1/2 cup chopped red and-or green
1 sweet pepper
1/4 cup chopped red onion
2 pita rounds ; split crosswise

in a medium mixing bowl stir together yogurt , cilantro or parsley ,
and curry powder . stir in cashews , cucumber , sweet pepper and red
onion . spoon evenly into split pita rounds . source : the
times-colonist sept 28/94

from the collection of karen deck

yield : 2 servings




soda pretzels

breads , soda

: dipping solution

5 c water
1/3 c baking soda
: dough -- -- -- -- -- -- -
1 1/2 c white flour
1 1/2 c whole wheat flour
1 ts baking soda
4 tb honey
1 c buttermilk
: course/kosher salt

this recipe for pretzels uses traditional irish soda bread dought
instead of a yeast based dough . it 's quick and works great ! the
pretzels come out excellent -- like the street vendor type . i hope you
enjoy ...

combine water and soda in a non-aluminum pot ( corning works well ) .
heat to a boil or until all soda dissolves . take off heat and set
aside . this will be your dipping solution .

preheat oven to 400 deg f sift flours and soda together and mix
homogeneously . add honey and slowly add buttermilk while working with
hands until it is a firm dough . with a pin , roll dought into a flat
sheet . cut dough in long strips to make large pretzel twists , or cut
into bite sized pieces ( like i do ! ) . dip the prepared pieces of dough
completely into the dipping solution . this will create the brown
crunchy pretzel shell . once dipped , place on an oven rack ( if bite
sized pieces are being made , cover the rack with aluminum foil and
spray with pam ) . sprinkle with course salt if desired .

cook for 10 minutes of until dark brown on the second oven rack from
the bottom .

this method works great . pretzels are basically regular bread dough
dipped in a baking soda solution before baking . the advantage to this
method is that soda bread , a quick bread , has no yeast and does not
require the time needed for rising before cooking . as soon as the
dought is made , it is ready for the oven ! walt mm

from : matejka @ bga.com ( anita a. matejkadate : 96-09-09 23:43:38 edt

yield : 12 servings




muffins ( using biscuit mix )

breads

1 3/4 cup biscuit mix ( see recipe )
2 tablespoon sugar
1/3 cup water
1 large egg
8 muffins
135 calories per muffin

1 . preheat oven to 400f ( hot ) .

2 . lightly crease muffin tins .

3 . stir mix and sugar together .

4 . mix water and egg thoroughly ; add to mix and sugar .
stir until dry ingredients are barely moistened . batter will be
lumpy .

5 . fill muffin tins two-thirds full .

6 . bake until lightly browned -- about 20 minutes .

* thrifty meals for two : making food dollars count * usda home and
garden bulletin number 244 * meal-master format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 8 muffins




whey biscuits

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup whey
1 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon shortening

sift flour , measure , and sift with baking powder , baking soda , and
salt . work in shortening with the finger tips , or cut in with 2
spatulas . add sufficient whey to form a soft roll dough . turn onto
lightly floured board . knead lightly . pat into sheet 3/4 inch thick .
cut with floured cutter . place on slightly oiled baking sheet . bake
in hot oven ( 450 f ) about 10 minutes . 10 servings . olive c. leary ,
hastings , mi .

yield : 6 servings




olive nut sandwich

appetizers , breads , sandwich

6 oz cream cheese
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup pecans , chopped
1 cup salad olives
2 tablespoon olive juice
1 dash pepper
1 bread
1 lettuce

let cream cheese stand at room temperature until soft . mash with a
fork and add mayonnaise . add chopped pecans , olives , olive juice and
pepper . stir well . this will be mushy . refrigerate in pint jar for at
least 24 -48 hours . it will then become thick . ( believe it or not . )
you will have nearly a pint of delectable spread ! it 's best served on
very thin toast or fresh , thinly sliced bread will do . a little
lettuce is a good touch , and cutting into finger tip sizes completes
the feeling of first class .

yield : 4 servings




improved cornbread

breads

2 eggs
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoon vegetable oil ( lard or crisco would ; have been better )
1 cup buttermilk
1 cup white flour
1 cup cornmeal

mix well while preheating greased pans or skillet at 400 for a few
minutes . pour in batter and bake at 400 for 20-25 minutes . could be
baked in cornbread pan or muffin tins also . i do n't really use
buttermilk by the way . it would go bad in the fridge because i bake
so seldom . i use four tsp of dried buttermilk and one cup of water .
the real thing would be better i presume . medium bread pans filled
half way will make two loafs .

skillet method would be heat oil or lard while heating the pan , then
add to the batter before pouring into the skillet . enjoy it !

i found that some recipes called for one egg , some all cornmeal flour
( which produces corn frisbees ) , some sugar instead of honey , and milk
instead of buttermilk . confused ? i was . this is my creation and i 'm
not sure the salt is necessary . it will increase about 70 % when
baked . origin . pete porro 14 june , 1992

yield : 6 servings




bacon drop biscuits+++fggt98b

biscuits , jewel

1 1/2 cup bake it all mix*
1/2 cup milk
2 or 3 strips bacon

*do not pack
cut 2 to 3 strips of bacon into small pieces . panfry . drain . add
to mix of baking powder drop biscuit recipe before blending in milk .

yield : 9 servings




smoked salmon & brie pizza

breads , main dish

1 pie : ( makes 2 pies )
4 1/4 cup flour
1 1/2 cup water , lukewarm ( 105 to 115
1 degrees fahrenheit )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 topping : ( for one pie )
1 lb brie , rind discarded , cut
1 into small pieces
12 oz smoked salmon , cut into
1 small pieces
1 small onion , red , very thinly
1 sliced , separated into rings
1/4 cup olive oil , extra virgin

put flour into a large bowl and make a deep well in the middle . pour
warm water into the well , mix in the yeast , using a bit of flour in
the mix . add the sugar , salt , and flour to the well , let stand for 10
minutes until mixture bubbles . slowly stir all of the flour into the
yeast mixture . when it gets too thick to handle place it on a board
and knead it until elastic . form a ball , place into a greased bowl ,
then turn it over so the top of the ball is greased . cover with a
towel and let rise in a warm and draft free place for an hour or
until double in bulk . preheat oven to 450 degrees . punch down dough
and divide in half . refrigerate one half for later . ( allow extra time
to rise ) . roll the other half into a circle about 15 inches across .
place on a 14 inch greased pizza pan , roll edges to form a rim .

transfer the pie a pizza pan . bake the pizza until the crust begins to
brown , about 6 minutes . remove from oven and cover with cheese ,
leaving 1/2 inch border around the edges . arrange the salmon and
onion on top and drizzle evenly with olive oil . return to the oven
and bake until the crust is golden brown and puffy , the cheese begins
to melt and the salmon is heated thru , about 4 minutes . remove from
oven to a cutting tray or board and lightly brush the crust with
olive oil . garnish with dill . slice and serve immediately .

posted by michael prothro , mike 's resort bbs fayetteville ar and
kook-net hub

yield : 2 pies




orange bread ( mcgee )

breads

2 orange peels
1 1/2 cup water
1 cup sugar
1 egg ; well beaten
1 cup milk
3 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder

boil orange peel in salt water , 10 minutes . drain and cut fine . add
water , sugar and cook until thick and tender . add egg , milk , flour
and baking powder . bake in moderate oven 3/4 hour . ( can use sour milk
with 1/2 t. baking soda and 1 t. baking powder ) .

note : moderate oven is 350 - 400 f .

source : sis mcgee , richfield grange , summit county , oh lowell grange ,
washington county , oh

yield : 1 servings




fig breakfast waffles

breads , breakfast

3/4 cup california dried figs
2 cup sifted cake flour
2 tablespoon double-acting baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
3 egg yolks
1 1/2 cup milk
7 tablespoon butter or shortening ; melted
3 egg whites ; stiffly beaten

allow figs to stand in boiling water for 10 minutes , then clip off
stems and blossom ends with scissors , and snip into small pieces .
reserve some for use in syrup . sift flour , measure , then re-sift into
mixing bowl with remaining dry ingredients .

add lemon rind and finely cut figs . combine well-beaten egg yolks
with milk and melted shortening . mix lightly into dry ingredients ,
then fold in stiffly beaten egg whites . bake on hot waffle iron until
golden brown . serve with lots of butter and warm maple syrup to which
cut figs have been added .

source : 48 family favorites with california figs reprinted with the
permission of the california fig advisory board electronic format
courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 1 batch




easter bread ( paska )

breads , croatian

1 cake or pkg . yeast
2 cup lukewarm milk
9 cup flour
1 cup butter ; soft
1 cup sugar
4 eggs
1 teaspoon salt

crumble yeast into bowl ; add 1 cup milk and 1 cup flour . mix and set
aside to rise in warm place . cream butter ; add sugar and eggs and
mix well . add remaining milk . knead until dough is smooth and
elastic . set aside in warm place until double in bulk . form into
desired shapes . allow dough to rise in double buld in pans ; bake at
350 f for 30 to 35 minutes . halfway through baking , brush top with
beaten egg yolk to which a little milk has been added .

tip : if you melt 1 stick butter and knead into dough it will keep
paska soft .

`` our favorite recipes '' st. anthony croatian catholic church typed for
you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 servings




my sheepherder bread

breads

1 1/2 cup water
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup shortening
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup water , cold
2 tablespoon yeast
6 1/2 cup flour to 7 cups

heat 1 1/2 cup water and other ingredient til hot . add cold water . in
a large bowl , mix 4 cups flour and yeast . add warm liquid . beat 2
minutes . add 3 cups more flour gradually until proper consistency is
reached . knead 3 minutes with dough hook . let rise 1 to 1 1/2 hour .
make into 2 loaves . rise again . bake at 350 35-40 minutes . 1 cup
oatbran may be substituted for 1 cup of flour . i imagine you coud do
the same with whole wheat or other types .

yield : 2 loaves




old-fashioned hearth bread

breads

1/2 to 3/4 cup warm water
2 tablespoon honey or light molasses
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon instant nonfat dry milk solids
1 tablespoon wheat germ
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 teaspoon salt

makes 1 loaf

combine 1/4 cup of the water , honey and yeast . stir to dissolve
yeast and let stand until bubbly , about 5 minutes .

fit processor with steel blade . measure flour , dry milk , wheat germ ,
butter and salt into work bowl . process until mixed , about 15 seconds .

add yeast mixture to flour mixture . process until blended , about 10
seconds .

turn on processor and very slowly drizzle just enough remaining water
through feed tube into flour mixture so dough forms a ball that
cleans the sides of the bowl . process until ball turns around bowl
about 25 times . turn off processor and let dough stand 1 to 2 minutes .

turn on processor and gradually drizzle in enough remaining water to
make dough soft , smooth and satiny but not sticky . process until
dough turns around bowl about 15 times .

turn dough onto lightly greased surface . shape into ball and place in
lightly greased bowl , turning to grease all sides . cover loosely with
plastic wrap and let stand in warm place until doubled , about 1 hour .

punch down dough . shape into smooth ball and place on greased cookie
sheet . roll or pat into circle about 6 inches in diameter . cover
loosely with plastic wrap and let stand in warm place until almost
doubled , about 45 minutes .

heat oven to 375 f. bake until golden and loaf sounds hollow when
tapped , about 25 - 30 minutes .

remove from cookie sheet . cool on wire rack .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




homemade buns

breads

1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon sugar
1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup shortening
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup water
1 each egg beaten
5 cup flour

put yeast in the water with the tsp . sugar , let sit for 10 minutes .
heat 3/4 c water , add shortening to melt , add rest of water , sugar ,
salt , vinegar and egg . add yeast mixture and 2 1/2 cups of the flour ,
beat until smooth , add rest of flour . let rise until double in bulk .
make into buns and rise again . bake 20 - 25 min . in 375 f oven

yield : 6 servings




soda bread ( callery )

breads

2 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup white flour
1/2 cup bran
1/2 cup wheat germ
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup buttermilk

preheat oven to 450 degrees . mix dry ingredients . make a well in the
middle and add buttermilk . stir just enough to moisten . turn dough
onto floured board and gently work with hands for about a minute .
shape into a round loaf and place in an 8 '' round cakepan . cut an `` x ''
across the top of the dough with a knife . reduce heat to 350 degrees
and bake 55 to 60 minutes . bread will be done when it sounds hollow
when you rap on the bottom .

from : anne elizabeth callery < callery @ leland.stanford.edu >

yield : 1 servings




jalapeno cheese bread & rustic bread stick

breads

2 1/4 oz envelope active dry yeast or 2 3/5- ; ounce cakes fresh
1 tablespoon sugar
2 1/4 cup lukewarm water
1/4 cup oil or unsalted butter ,
1 melted
1 cup whole wheat flour
5 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 flour
1 tablespoon salt
4 to 6 jalapeno chiles or to taste , se ; eded & finely chopped*
2 cup shredded sharp cheddar
1 cheese ( 1/2 pound )
1 egg glaze
1 egg
1 tablespoon water
1 cornmeal for sprinkling

serving size : two 9- by 5-inch loaves or 24 bread sticks 1 .
sprinkle the dry yeast or crumble the fresh yeast and sugar over 1/2
cup of the lukewarm water in a cup or smaii bowl . leave it for 10
minutes , then stir to dissolve the yeast . add the remaining water and
oil . 2 . sift the flours together into a large mixing bowl . set aside
2 cups of the mixture . add the salt to the remaining mixture and make
a well in center . pour the yeast mixture into the well , add the
chopped chiles , and mix briefly . 3 . gradually stir in the reserved
flour , 1/2 cup at a time , until the dough loses its stickiness and
can be kneaded easily . knead the dough thoroughly on a floured
surface until it is smooth and elastic , flouring the surface
occasionally if the dough sticks to it . transfer the dough to an
oiled bowl and turn it over to oil its entire surface . cover with a
damp cloth and let it rise in a warm place for about 1-1/2 hours or
until doubled in volume . punch down the dough and let it rest , about
5 minutes , covered with a cloth . ( this allows the dough to regain its
elasticity . ) 4 . knead the dough again on a lightly floured surface .
knead in the cheese by sprinkling it on the bread all at once and
kneading until distributed . 5 . grease two 9- by 5-inch loaf pans .
divide the dough into 2 equal parts and on the floured surface roll
out each part to a smooth , cylindrical loaf about 9 inches long . put
the loaves in the pans seam side down , slash the top lightly 3 times
with a serrated knife , cover with a damp cloth , and let rise in a
warm place for about 1 hour or until nearly doubled in volume . 6 . for
the egg glaze , whisk the egg and water together until slightly foamy .
brush the loaves with the egg glaze . sprinkle lightly with cornmeal .
preheat the oven to 375f . 7 . bake the loaves for about 15 minutes or
until they begin to brown . reduce the temperature to 350f and
continue baking for another 45 minutes or until the bread sounds
hollow when tapped . let the loaves cool on a rack . serve lukewarm or
at room temperature .

recipe by : the california cook by dianne rossen worthington

yield : 2 loaves




tsoureki ( easter bread )

breads , greek , middle east

2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup milk ; lukewarm ( 110-115 deg )
2 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 egg
8 tablespoon butter , unsalted ; cut into
1 ; small bits
1 tablespoon butter ; softened
1 teaspoon lemon peel ; finely grated
1 egg ; hard boiled , in the
1 ; shell , dyed red with food
1 ; coloring
1 egg yolk ; lightly beaten
-- -- silver xpress mail system 5 -- --

in a small , shallow bowl , sprinkle the yeast and the 1/2 teaspoon of
sugar over the lukewarm milk . let it stand for 2 or 3 minutes , then
stir to dissolve the yeast completely . set the bowl in a warm , draft
free place ( such as an unlighted oven ) for 8 to 10 minutes , or until
the mixture doubles in volume .
combine 1 1/2 cups of flour , the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar , and
the salt in a deep mixing bowl . make a well in the center , and add
the yeast and the 2 eggs . gently stir the center ingredients together
with a large spoon , then gradually incorporate the flour and continue
beating until all the ingredients are well combined . beat in the 8
tablespoons of butter and lemon peel , add up to 1 cup more flour ,
beating it n a few tablespoons at a time and using as much as
necessary to from a dough that can be gathered into a soft and still
somewhat sticky ball . ( when the dough becomes difficult to stir
easily , work in the flour with your fingers . )
place the dough on a lightly floured surface , and knead it by
pressing it down , pushing it forward several times with the heel of
your hand , and folding it back on itself . repeat for about 10
minutes , or until the dough is smooth and elastic . sprinkle the
dough with a little extra flour from time to time to prevent it from
sticking to the board .
shape the dough into a ball and place it in a large , lightly
buttered bowl . dust the top with a little flour , drape with a
kitchen towel and set aside in a warm , draft free place for about 1
hour until the dough doubles in bulk .
with a pastry brush , coat a baking sheet with the tablespoon of
softened butter . punch the dough down with a single blow of your
fist , then transfer it to a lightly floured surface . to shape the
dough into a snail like loaf , roll it into a thick rope about 2
inches in diameter and 24 inches long . starting at one end , loop the
rope into a circle about 6 inches in diameter , and then into ever
smaller concentric circles . carefully transfer the loaf to the baking
sheet and let it rise in a warm place for about 30 minutes .
preheat the oven to 350 degrees ( f ) . press the dyed egg gently
into the center and brush the top of the loaf with the beaten egg
yolk . bake in the middle of the oven for about 45 minutes , or until
golden brown and crusty . cool completely on a cake rack before
serving .

29 of 116

source : time life series : middle eastern cooking `` circa '69 ''

mmed by : earl.cravens @ salata.com beach , ca * 310-543-0439 28.8k
( 1:102/125 )

yield : 1 6 '' rd loaf




hawaiian nut bread - sugar free

breads

3 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup chopped nuts
3 eggs
2 3 c. bananas
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup honey
1 cup oil
1 ( 15 oz . ) can crushed
1 pineapple ,
1 drained

combine dry ingredients , stir in nuts . combine wet ingredients and
add to dry . stir until moist . spoon batter into 2 greased and floured
9 '' x5 '' x3 '' loaf pans . bake at 325 degrees for 45 to 55 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




shortbread ( campbell )

desserts , biscuits

1/2 cup butter , room temp*
1/3 cup icing sugar , sifted
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup flour
2 tablespoon cornstarch
1 pinch salt

mix all . pat into 9 '' pie plate . mark in 12 wedges . 325f for 20
minutes .
if it starts to brown , lower to 300f for 10 minutes , else leave at
325 for 10 more minutes . remove , sprinkle with sugar , cool .

from marie campbell

yield : 9 inch plate




white bread ( usa rice )

breads , gluten-free

2 cup rice flour ; divided
1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 oz gluten-free quick rise yeast
1/2 cup low-fat cottage cheese
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoon honey
1 egg

combine 1-3/4 cups flour , xanthan gum , salt and yeast in large bowl .
heat cottage cheese , water , oil and honey in small saucepan or
microwave in 2-cup glass measure on high 2 minutes , until very warm
( 120 to 130 degrees f. ) . pour into flour mixture ; add egg . stir
until well blended . stir in remaining 1/4 cup flour ; knead dough in
bowl until smooth and all flour is incorporated ( dough will be
somewhat sticky ) . cover bowl ; let rest 10 minutes . shape into loaf ;
place in lightly greased loaf pan . cover ; let rise in warm place 30
minutes . bake in 400 degree f. oven 30 minutes or until golden brown .
remove from pan ; cool on wire rack .

each slice provides : * 113 calories * 3 g. protein * 3 g. fat * 19 g .
carbohydrate * 0 g dietary fiber * 19 mg cholesterol * 114 mg. sodium

variation : nut 'n honey bread - stir in 1/2 cup chopped pecans and 1
tablespoon sesame seeds to dough with last addition of flour .

source : basic rice recipes for those with allergies reprinted with
permission from usa rice council electronic format courtesy of karen
mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




pizza twists

breads , pizza

13 3/4 oz package hot roll mix
1 each egg
1 teaspoon minced onion ( dry )
1 cup chopped pepperoni
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano , crushed
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1 each beaten egg yolk
1 tablespoon water

soften yeast from roll mix as directed . stir in the egg and minced
onion combine flour mixture from roll mix with pepperoni , cheddar
cheese , parmesan cheese , oregano and garlic powder . stir into yeast
mixture . mix well . turn out onto floured table and knead until dough
is smooth , about 5 minutes . place in greased bowl and cover . let rise
until doubled . punch down ; turn out on floured surface cut into 24
equal portions . roll each into 10 '' long rope and fold in half . twist
two or three times . seal ends with a little water . place on greased
baking sheet . brush with mixture of egg yolk and water . cover rolls
and let rise for 30 minutes . cool on wire rack after baking . bake at
400 deg f. for 12 to 15 minutes .

yield : 12 servings




mystery bread

breads

2 tablespoon dry yeast or 2 pre-
1 measured packages
1/4 cup nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoon aniseed crushed
5 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup no sugar apple juice
3/4 cup unsweetened pinapple juice
1 1/4 cup water
2 teaspoon freshly grated orange rind
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon honey
1 teaspoon oleo + 1/2 t. for bowl
1/2 cup each whole-wheat flour and
1 buckwheat flour
1/2 teaspoon unsalted corn oil
1 margarine for pans or
1 use spray

preheat oven to 375 f. 5o cal . per 3/8 inch slice
( fat 0.5 . chol . o . ) 1. in a large mixing bowl , combine yeast , milk ,
aniseed & 2 c. unbleached flour . 2. in a saucepan , combine juices ,
water , orange rind , cinnamon , honey & 1 t. oil . heat until warm . ( 105
to 115 f. ) pour over dry ingredients . beat with a wooden spoon for 1
min . cover with plastic wrap & let stand for 10 min . 3 . add
whole-wheat flour , buckwheat flour and all but 1/2 c. of balance of
unbleached flour , 1/2 cup at a time , beating with wooden spoon after
each addition . after adding 4 1/2 c. of flour , dough will become
difficult to beat with wooden spoon . scoop up & turn onto lightly
floured board & knead , adding balance of flour , if necessry , to make
a smooth & elastic dough . 4 . shape dough into ball . drop into lightly
oiled , fairly straight-sided bowl , turning to coat . cover tighly with
plastic wrap & let rise at room temperature ( 70 to 80 f. ) until
doubled in bulk . ( about 1 hour 15 min . ) 5 . punch dough down . transfer
to board & cut into 3 equal parts . cover with waxed paper & let dough
rest for 5 min . 6 . roll each piece out into a 7 x 12 in . rectangle .
starting with short end . roll up tightly , tucking in sides & pressing
seams to hold . place , seam side down , in 3 small loaf pans ( 7 1/8 x 3
5/8 x 2 1/4 in . ) greased with margarine or cooking spray . cover with
plastic wrap & let rise at room temperature until doubled in bulk .
( about 1 hour . ) 7 . gently remove plastic wrap . bake in preheated 375
f. oven for 40 min . remove bread from pans . place back in oven
directly on rack & bake for 5 min . more . loaves should be crispy &
golden brown . let cool thoroughly before slicing .

yield : 3 servings




buttermilk waffles

breads , breakfast

-- -- buttermilk waffles -- --
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup chopped cashews
2 eggs
1 3/4 cup buttermilk
4 tablespoon melted butter
2 egg whites
-- -- blueberry topping -- --
3 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon lemon juice
3 tablespoon water
1 pint blueberries

combine flour , baking powder , sugar , salt and cashews in a mixer . add
the eggs and buttermilk and mix at medium speed until smooth . add the
melted butter and mix until incorporated . in another bowl , beat the
egg whites until stiff and fold into the batter . heat your waffle
iron and cook your waffles as usual .

blueberry topping : combine the sugar , lemon and water in a 1 quart
pot and cook over medium heat until the sugar melts . pour in the
blueberries and cook , stirring , for 1 minute . pour into a bowl and
let cool before serving .

michael roberts - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 4 servings




naan ( punjabi leavened bread )

breads , yeast , east indian

1 tablespoon yeast
3/4 cup lukewarm water
3 teaspoon sugar
1/2 cup yoghurt
1 egg , beaten
1/4 cup melted ghee or butter
2 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup unbl . flour ( approx )
2 tablespoon poppy seeds or kalonji

in sm . bowl sprinkle yeast over 1/4 c warm water with 1t sugar
dissolved in it , leave to soften a few min then stir and leave in a
warm place till frothy . stir yogurt till smooth , then mix 1/4 c of
it with rest of sugar , the remaining water , egg , melted ghee and
salt . stir into yeast mix .

put 2 c flour in a bowl , make a well and pour in liquid mix , beating
well with a wooden spoon till it 's a smooth batter . add remaining
flour a little at a time till you are kneading with your hands and
the dough is stiff . knead for 10 - 15 min till dough is smooth and
elastic , using as little extra flour as possible . form dough to a
ball , put into an oiled bowl , turn the dough to oil surface , cover
with a cloth and leave in a warm place till doubled .

punch down dough , divide into 8 balls and leave to rest 10 min .
preheat oven to 450 . put two ungreased baking sheets in to preheat .
pat dough to circles keeping them thin in the centre and thicker
around rim then pull one end outwards to make teardrop shape . they
should be a handspan long and little more than 1/2 as wide at base .

brush with remaining yoghurt and sprinkle with desired seeds . put 2
or 3 loaves on each baking tray and bake 10 min . or till gold and
puffed . if naan is not brown enough put under a preheated grill a
minute or two . serve warm or cool .

yield : 8 naan




maple syrup corn bread

breads

1 1/8 cup corn meal ; yellow
1 1/8 cup wheat flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup maple syrup
1 each egg ; well beaten
1 cup milk ; sweet
3 tablespoon shortening

add shortening to syrup . mix all ingredients . pour into shallow , well
greased pan . bake 20 minutes in hot oven . cut into squares and serve
hot .

note : hot oven is 400 - 450 f .

source : grace i. peebles , medina grange , medina county , oh

yield : 1 servings




sourdough potato-rye bread

breads

-- -- day one -- --
1 cup sd starter room temp
1/4 cup molasses
1 cup potato water room temp
2 cup whole-wheat flour
-- -- day two -- --
1 cup beef broth
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1 cup riced potatoes
1 tablespoon yeast
1/4 cup lukewarm potato wate
1 tablespoon salt
4 tablespoon butter , melted
1/2 teaspoon ground mace
1/2 cup rye meal ( see note )
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
2 cup rye flour
2 cup white flour
1 egg white wash
1 poppy seeds

day one : in large warmed bowl , combine starter , molasses , potato
water and whole-wheat flour . stir well , cover with plastic and a
heavy towel and let rise in warm place overnight or at least 12 hrs .
day two : bring broth to boil , andd cornmeal and , stirring constantly ,
cook 2 mins . remove from heat , stir in potatoes and cool to lukwarm ;
add to starter mixture . sprinkle yeast over lukewarm water , stir to
dissolve an dlet stand until foamy . add to starter mixture with salt ,
butter and spices . beating constantly , add rye meal , rye flour and
white flour . dough will be sticky and heavy . turn out onto floured
board and , adding additional flour as needed to prevent sticking ,
knead 8 mins . if dough is still sticky after 5 mins , lightlyoil board
and hands and finish kneading . dough will be slightly sticky to hands
but should not stick to board . form into smooth ball , place in oiled
bowl , turn to coat all surfaces , cover wtih towel and let rise in
warm place 1 hr or until double in bulk . punch down and turn out onto
floured board ; knead for 20 turns . cover with towel and let rest 5-10
mins . divide into 2 equal portions and form each into a long loaf .
place side by side on large greased baking sheet . with sharp razor ,
cut 3 slashes from end to end 1/2 in deep . brush evenly with egg
white wash , being carful not to spill onto baking sheet , and sprinkle
generously with poppy seeds . let rise , uncovered , in warm place 45
mins or until almost double in size . bake in oven preheated to 400 20
mins ; reduce heat to 375 and bake 30 mins longer or until bread tests
done . to give top a shiny dark look , place under broiler and , being
carful of scorching , broil until dark . transfer to wire rack and cool .

yield : 2 servings




cheddar pinwheels

breads , cheese , quick bread

2 cup unbleached flour ; sifted
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 cup butter
2/3 cup milk
1 cup cheddar ; extra sharp , grated

sift the flour , salt , and baking powder together in a mixing bowl and
then cut into the butter . add the milk and stir together quickly but
thoroughly . turn out on a floured board and knead for 30 seconds then
roll out to a 1/8-inch thickness . spread with the grated cheese and
roll up tightly like cinnamon rolls . cut into 3/4-inch slices and
transfer to baking sheets and bake in a moderate oven ( 375 degrees
f. ) for 20 minutes or until delicately browned .

yield : 6 servings




meal in a loaf

breads , main dish

4 cup flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon quick yeast
1 cup water
1/4 cup dijon mustard
2 tablespoon margarine
1 1/2 cup chopped cooked ham
1 cup shredded swiss cheese
1/2 cup chopped dill pickle
1 egg , beaten

mix 3 c flour , sugar , salt and yeast heat water , mustard , & margarine
to 125 - 130 f stir liquids into flour mixture . add remain flour and
knead . let rise till double . punch down and roll out to 14 - 12
inches on a cookie sheet sprinkle ham cheese and pickle down center
of dough make cuts in dough from filling d dough edge at 1 '' intervals
fold strips over filling let rise till double . brush with egg and
bake at 375f for 25 min

note : ham may be doubled
rolled out dough may be cut into squares and each square filled
: then edges of squares folded over and sealed to make filled
buns

yield : 6 servings




golden corn sticks

breads

1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
2 eggs , beaten
2 tablespoon shortening , melted

combine cornmeal , flour , baking powder , soda , and salt ; mix well . add
buttermilk and eggs , stirring just until dry ingredients are
moistened . stir shortening into batter . heat well greased cast iron
corn stick pans in a 400 degree oven for 3 minutes or until very hot .
spoon batter into pans , filling two thirds full . bake at 400 degrees
for 25 minutes or until lightly browned .

yield : 14 servings




white cheddar~ bacon & chive scones

breads

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) margarine or
1 butter
3 eggs , divided
1/3 cup whipping cream
1 1/2 cup ( 6 ounces ) shredded
1 sharp white or orange cheddar
4 slice crisp bacon , crumbled
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
2 tablespoon water

yield : 16 scones preparation time : 15 minutes baking :
16 minutes

heat oven to 425 degrees f. mix flour and baking powder in a medium
mixing bowl . cut in margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs .
beat 2 eggs and cream . add to flour mixture , mixing just until
moistened . stir in cheese , bacon and chives . shape into a ball ; knead
10 times on lightly floured surface . roll our to a 12x6-inch
rectangle . cut into 8 ( 3-inch ) squares ; cut each square in half
diagonally . place on lightly greased cookie sheet . beat remaining egg
with water and brush on to scones . bake 14 to 16 minutes or until
lightly browned . serve warm .

yield : 6 servings




rosemary flat bread

breads , italian

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup white flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon canola oil
1 nonstick cooking spray
2 tablespoon margarine
1/4 cup fresh rosemary , chopped
1 ( or ( or 2 tbsps dried ) ( or 2 tbsps d ; ried )

place yeast , sugar and water in a large bowl or food processor and
allow the mixture to become bubbly . mix in 2 c of flour and salt .
knead for about 10 min or process in food processor for 15 sec until
smooth and elastic ; add flour if necessary . oil a bowl , put dough in
it and cover with a towel . let dough rise in a warm place for 1 hr ,
until doubled . punch down dough and divide in half . let the dough
rest for a few minutes . coat 2 9-in square cake pans with nonstick
spray . press dough into pans . melt margarine . brush margarine over
the tops of the loaves . sprinkle rosemary over the loaves and lightly
press into the surface . let the loaves rise again until doubled ,
about 45 min . preheat oven to 450 f. lightly sprinkle salt over the
loaves . bake for 20 - 25 min , until lightly browned . posted to
mc-recipe digest v1 #

recipe by : shape may 1995

from : lisa johnston < ejohn03 @ emory.edu >

date : fri , 6 dec 1996 10:47:30 -0500

yield : 16 servings




zucchini bread ( crocker )

breads , desserts , vegetables , grains

-- -- bread -- --
1 cup salad oil
3 eggs ; slightly beaten
2 cup sugar
2 cup grated raw zucchini
2 teaspoon vanilla
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup crushed pineapple
1 cup chopped walnuts or pecans
-- -- easy penuche frosting -- --
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup brown sugar ; packed
1/4 cup milk
2 cup confectioners ' sugar

to make the bread , combine oil , eggs , sugar , zucchini and vanilla in a
large mixing bowl ; blend well . stir in flour , soda , baking powder ,
salt and cinnamon . do not beat . stir in nuts . spoon batter into 2
well-greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 5/8 '' loaf pans .

bake at 325 f. for 1 1/2 hours until done .

to make the frosting , melt butter in a saucepan . stir in brown
sugar . heat to boiling , stirring constantly . boil ; stir over low heat
for two minutes . stir in milk ; heat to boiling . remove from heat ;
cool to lukewarm .

gradually stir in confectioners ' sugar . place pan of frosting in
bowl of ice and water ; beat until of spreading consistency . if
frosting becomes too stiff , heat slightly , stirring constantly . fills
and frosts 2 8 '' or 9 '' layers or frosts a 13x9 '' cake .

zucchini bread recipe from ralph hunter/114 w. forest
ave./hodgenville , ky 42748 on 08/23/93 . he said he got the recipe
from margaret garmon of cumberland county , ky. , where ralph and his
wife edith lived all of their lives until moving to hodgenville in
april 1993 . mary l. harmon , my cleaning lady , said it was the best
zucchini bread she 'd ever had . ralph frosted it with the penuche
frosting . the penuche frosting recipe is from _betty crocker 's
cookbook_ . new york : golden press , 1969 . twelfth printing , 1972 .
posted by cathy harned .

yield : 2 loaves




semolina bread with black sesame seeds

breads

1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 7/8 cup water -- 105-115 degrees
1 1/4 cup basic bread sponge
3 1/2 cup durum wheat flour
1/3 cup durum wheat flour -- for
1 kneading
1/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1/4 cup black sesame seeds
4 teaspoon kosher salt
1 cornmeal -- for sprinkling

black sesame seeds may be available at health food stores or japanese
markets .

in a bowl , dissolve the yeast in the water . allow to proof for three
minutes .

stir the sponge into the water , breaking the sponge up using your
hands or a spoon .

add 3 1/2 cups of the durum flour , cornmeal , 2 tablespoons of sesame
seeds , and the salt and mix , scraping and folding until the dough
gathers into a single mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly
floured surface , and knead the dough until smooth and elastic ,
gradually adding as much of the 1/3 cup of durum aas needed ( but as
little as you can get away with ) .

shape into a ball and place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl , cover
with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight .

after removing the dough from the refrigerator , allow to sit for two
hours in a draft-free location .

sprinkle a baking sheet , without sides , generously with cornmeal .
flour a worksurface . halve the dough and flatten each half gently
into a 10x12 inch rectangle . roll each rectangle tightly along a 10
inch side , making two 12 inch cylinders . roll from the center
towards the edge to make 20 inch ropes . coil the rope from one end ,
pulling up the center knot . place the coils on the baking sheet .

mist the loaves lightly using a plant sprayer . spoon a tablespoon of
the seeds along each of the coils . cover with plastic wrap and allow
to double in a draft-free location . this should take 1 to 2 hours .

preheat the oven for at least thirty minutes along with a baking
stone or tiles on the middle rack to 425 . place a baking pan with
decent sides on the bottom shelf . boil two cups of water . pour the
boiling water into the baking pan . with a quick jerk , slide the
loaves off the sheet and onto the stone .

bake for 25 minutes until the loaves are hollow sounding when tapped
on the bottom . when done , cool on a rack .

note : durum wheat is the hardest variety of wheat and makes a very
high-gluten flour . durum is made from the same wheat as semolina ,
but is finely ground and is superior for making bread . it can be
found in health food stores , specialty food markets , and some italian
markets .

recipe by : amy scherber , food & wine 2/93

from : owner-mm-recipes @ idiscover.net o

yield : 1 servings




sourdough bagels

breads , sourdough

1 1/2 cup primary sourdough batter b*
1 3/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon ; salt
3 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoon salad oil
2 eggs
2 tablespoon sugar in 4 qts boiling water

*prepare primary sourdough batter b according to recipe . be sure that
you have saved 1 cup starter separately . let all ingreds come to room
temp . sift 1 1/2 c flour , salt , & sugar into warm bowl . stir in salad
oil & eggs . stir in primary batter b & add enough additional flour
for dough to leave sides of bowl . turn dough onto well floured board
& knead in enough additional flour to make dough smooth & elastic
( abt 1/4 c ) . place in warm greased bowl , cover & set bowl in warm 85f
spot until doubled in bulk . this will take abt . 2 hrs . when doubled ,
punch down & let proof for an additional 1 1/2 hrs or until doubled
in bulk .

turn dough out onto floured board & divide it into 12-14 equal
pieces . roll each piece into a 6- '' roll abt 3/4 `` thick . pinch the 2
ends together to form a doughnut shape . boil 4 qts water & add 2 tb
sugar . drop each bagel into boiling water 1 at a time . boil only 4 at
a time . cook until they rise to the top & then turn over & cook for 2
mins longer . [ dg note- do n't cook longer than 3 mins or they get
tough . ] remove w/slotted spoon & place on greased cookie sheet . when
all have been boiled , put in preheated 375f oven & bake for 20-25
mins until crusty & golden brown . makes 12-14 bagels . adventures in
san francisco by charles d. wilford , 1971 , isbn 0-912936-00-2 . typed
by deidre ganopole

yield : 12 bagels




muffins ( prodigy )

breads

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 cup milk
1 egg
1 cup raisins or chopped berries =or=- ot ; her fruit

preheat oven to 350f . mix flour , baking powder , salt and sugar
together . beat in the milk and egg until smooth . mix in the fruit .
place in buttered and floured muffin tins and bake for 25 minutes .

michael roberts - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 20 servings




king arthur 's easy best loaf

breads

1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 cup warm water
6 cup flour

mix yeast , sugar , salt and water together . let stand
until salt sugar and yeast are dissolved . gradually
add flour to liquid and mix thouroughly , until dough
pulls form bowl sides . turn ontofloured work
surfaceand knead 5 minutes , let dough rest while you
grease bowl . knead dough again 2-3 minutes , place
dough in bowl , turn once to grease top . cover with
damp towel and keep warm until doubled in bulk ( 1-2
hours ) punch down dough and knead briefly to get out
any air pockets . cut in half , shape into 2 italian or
french style loafs . put on cookie sheet sprinkled with
cornmeal . rest 5 minutes . lightly slash tops 3 times
diagonally and brush with cold water . place on rack in
cold oven with roasting pan full of boiling water
below.bake 400 f for 30-45 minutes until crust is
golden brown and sounds hollow to the touch ,

yield : 2 servings




chapatis # 3

breads , indian

1 1/2 cup flour , unbleached
1/2 cup flour , whole wheat
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon ghee
1/2 cup water

mix flours , salt , and butter and add just enough water to make a firm
dough , somewhat like a biscuit dough . knead for 10-15 minutes - the
more the dough is kneaded , the lighter the bread will be . shape the
dough into a ball , cover with a sheet of plastic and let it rest for
at least 1 hour . if left to rest overnight in the refrigerator , the
finished bread will be even lighter .

when ready to bake , take a small piece of dough about the size of a
golf ball , or a bit smaller . on a lightly floured board , roll the
dough into a thin circle , about 5 inches in diameter . repeat with all
the dough .

heat a griddle or heavy-bottomed iron skillet until it is very hot
( you will notice the smoke rising from it ) . place the rolled out
chapati on the griddle and let it cook for 2-3 minutes , depending on
how thin you have rolled it . using a pair of kitchen tongs , you can
lift the chapati to see if the underside has turned a golden brown .
flip , and cook the other side about 1 minute .

as they are cooked , store the chapatis on a towel in a warm covered
container until ready to serve . serve as soon as the last chapati is
baked .

note : in india breads sometimes are baked in the fiery clay tandoor ,
where they develop brown spots and bubbles . to achieve a similar
effect at home , you can use tongs to hold each chapati over a hot gas
flame until it puffs like a little balloon . the chapati will
collapse as it cools .

the bombay palace cookbook stendhal per ellen cleary

yield : 10 servings




italian country bread with biga

breads , ethnic

1 biga :
1 teaspoon yeast
1 1/8 cup warm water
2 cup bread flour
1 dough :
1 biga ( above )
1 1/4 cup bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup water

biga is a starter , almost similar to sourdough but not quite.the
bread has a flavorful , yeasty beery quality . so 10 to 12 hours before
you want the bread , mix the 1 tsp . yeast in the water and let it
bubble and foam . mix in the flour gradually to make a soft almost
soupy dough . cover and it will rise and triple in volume and then
fall back and re-rise during the 6 to 8 hours you let it be . then
make the bread . stir the salt right into the biga mixture , mix in the
additional water ( cold or cool not warm ) until it is a thin soupy
quality . mix in the flour to make a firm but soft dough which leaves
the sides of the bowl . turn out to a floured surface and knead dough ,
adding additional flour if necessary to make a smooth dry dough .
place dough in a bowl , greased with olive oil , cover and let rise
doubled about 2 hours . punch dough down and knead it into a flat
oval . cut in half and form each half into a baguette and let them
rest covered with a towel for 30 minutes . then stretch them into
longer baguette shapes and place them in a baguette baking tray if
you have it . let rest for 20 minutes . then slash tops and place into
a preheated 450 oven for 20 minutes or done . if you do n't have a
baguette tray any baking sheet or baking stone will do . you also
could shape the breads in one large round loaf instead of 2
baguettes . bake the one large loaf 10 to 15 minutes longer . note :
since this bread is fat free eat the same day or freeze as it stales
quickly .

yield : 1 loaf




bagels ( koss )

breads

4 1/2 cup flour
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water -- 110-115 f
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar

in mixer bowl combine 1 1/2 cups flour and the yeast . combine warm
water , 3 tbls . sugar and the salt . pour over flour mixture . beat at
low speed for 30 seconds , scraping sides of bowl constantly . beat 3
minutes on high speed .

stir in as much of the remaining flour as you can mix in with a
spoon . turn out onto lightly floured surface . knead in enough
remaining flour to make a moderately stiff dough . continue kneading
until smooth and elastic , 6 - 8 minutes . cover ; let dough rest 10-15
minutes .

cut into 12 portions ; shape into smooth balls . punch a hole in the
center of each with a floured finger . pull gently to enlarge hole to
1 1/2 to 2 inches . place on a greased baking sheet . cover ; let rise
20 minutes . broil 5 inches from heat for 1 1/2 - 2 minutes on each
side . tops should not brown .

heat 1 gallon water and 1 tablespoon sugar to boiling ; reduce heat .
cook bagels , 4 or 5 at a time , for 7 minutes , turning once . drain .
place on greased baking sheet . bake in 375 degree oven 25 - 30
minutes .

posted by `` r. s. koss '' < rskoss @ bronze.coil.com > to the fatfree digest
[ volume 14 issue 6 ] jan. 6 , 1995 .

individual recipes copyrighted by originator . fatfree recipe
collections copyrighted by michelle dick 1995 . formatted by sue smith ,
suesmith9 @ aol.com using mmconv . archived through kindness of karen
mintzias , km @ salata.com .

1.80

yield : 12 servings




sourdough bread ( bob 's )

breads

6 cup flour ( all-purpose or bread )
1 tablespoon buckwheat flour
1 tablespoon bran
1 pkg yeast ( 1 tbsp )
2 cup sourdough starter
2 3/4 cup warm ( 105-115 f ) water
1 tablespoon malt extract , powdered & unflavored
2 teaspoon salt

make a yeast sponge by mixing the starter with 1 cup warm water and 1
1/4 cups flour . cover the bowl with a towel and place in a warm spot
for 24 hours . at that time , stir down the sponge and put 1/2 of it
back into a jar and store in the fridge for your next baking .

to make the bread : mix the yeast with 1 1/2 cups of warm water and
allow to proof for 10 minutes . ( note : i sometimes use a mixture of
beer and water to proof the yeast in , as it adds to the flavor of the
bread . ) add the yeast mixture to the sponge , add the buckwheat flour ,
bran , malt extract , and salt . mix well , then add the flour a cup at a
time to form a soft dough . ( note : the 6 cups includes the 1 1/4 cups
used in the sponge , so you will be adding 4 1/2 to 5 cups to make the
dough ) after adding 3-4 cups , turn the dough out on a floured surface
and knead for 12 minutes adding the rest of the flour as the dough
gets sticky . the dough should be soft and elastic , add only enough
flour to get to this point where the dough is no longer sticky .
( note : malt extract can be found at stores selling home-brewing and
wine making supplies as well as some health food stores . )

place the dough in an oiled bowl and turn to coat ; let rise in a warm
spot until doubled in bulk . punch down the dough , remove from the
bowl and knead for a couple of minutes . let the dough rest for 5-10
minutes , then cut in half and shape into 2 oval loaves .

cover the loaves with a towel and let rise until doubled or more ( 1-2
hours ) . allow the dough to rise in a cool spot for several hours to
develop more of the sourdough flavor .

bake the bread in a preheated 400 f oven for 15 minutes , then lower
the heat to 350 f for the next 15-20 minutes . then reduce the oven to
325 f for the final 15-25 minutes until the loaves are done . this
lowering of the heat attempts to duplicate the falling heat in a
baker 's wood fired oven . test the loaves for doneness by rapping on
the bottoms , it is done when it sounds hollow . cool on a rack before
storing ( if it lasts long enough to store ! )

yield : 2 lg loaves




orange honey bread

breads

-- -- from brigitte sealing -- --
-- -- cyberealm bbs 3157858098 -- --
2 cup flour
1 tablespoon honey
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup orange juice
3 tablespoon shortening , melted
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 cup candied orange peel

sift dry ingredients together . beat eggs well , add orange juice and
melted shortening to the eggs . mix in the candied peel . combine dry
ingredients with the egg mixture , just enough to moisten the flour .
bake in a greased loaf pan at 350f for 1 hour . source : women 's circle
magazine typed for you by : brigitte sealing , cyberealm bbs watertown ,
ny

yield : 8 servings




blueberry muffin cake

breads

1 1/2 cup sifted flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup margerine ( one stick )
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1/3 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 1/2 cup blueberries , floured

sift flour , baking powder , salt together . cream the margerin with
sugar until very fluffy , add eggs and beat well . add flour mixture to
creamed mixture alternately with the milk . beat extremely well . the
longer you beat it the better it will be . fold in vanilla , and
floured berries . pour batter into well greased 8 inch square pan .
sprinle with granulated sugar . bake at 350 for 35 to 40 minutes .

yield : 6 servings




scottish hot cross buns

breads , ethnic , yeast

3 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon each : allspice , nutmeg ,
1 cinnamon
1/4 cup sugar
1 stick butter , melted
1 egg beaten
3/4 cup currents or raisins
1/3 cup candied citron fruit
1 yeast mixture :
1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2/3 cup warm milk
1/2 cup warm water
1 cup flour
1 glaze :
2 tablespoon milk
2 tablespoon water
3 tablespoon sugar

begin by making the yeast mixture , mixing all ingredients and setting
it aside to proof ( foam ) .in another bowl sift flour , salt , spice
and sugar . add fruits and mix well . combine butter and eggs and add
to yeast mixture . then add to flour mixture . knead dough on floured
surface , 8 to 10 minutes or smooth and elastic . add more flour if
needed to keep dough from sticking . divide into 12 equal pieces and
shape into round buns . place rolls far apart on greased baking sheet .
cover and let rise at warm room temperature for 45 minutes . use a
sharp knife to make an x shape cut on surface of dough . bake in a 425
oven for 15 to 20 minutes or golden . cool on rack . make glaze by
bringing ingredients to a boil in small saucepan for 2 minutes . brush
glaze over buns thickly .

yield : 12 servings




vushka ( little ear dumplings )

breads , christmas , russian

2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg yolk
1/2 cup evaporated milk ; or
1/2 cup whole milk
1 teaspoon oil or mrlted butter

combine the flour and salt , blending well . add the milk , egg yolk ,
and oil , again blending well . allow to rest for 5 minutes . knead for
about minutes and form into a ball . ( this may be done in a
processor . ) cover and set aside for 15 minutes or so . on a floured
surface , roll out a third of the dough , into a rectangle 1/8th inch
thick . turn the dough and roll from the center , so that all the dough
in the rectangle is even in thickness . run a hand under the dough to
loosen it . dust with flour and flip over and dust with flour . with a
sharp knife , cut into 1 1/2-inch squares . place a teaspoon of
mushroom filling ( see the next recipe in this series ) in each square ,
being careful not to smear the edges . fold on the diagonal to make a
triangle . pinch together the two bottom corners , wrapping it around
your thumb with the point up ( to resemble small ears on a cat ) ,
making sure that the edges have bonded or the stuffing will boil out .
place on cookie sheets covered with dish towels lightly dusted with
flour . repeat with the other pieces of dough , saving the scraps for
last as the dough gets a little tougher when worked . drop 10 or 12
vushka into 6 to 8 cups of rapidly boiling water and stir once with a
wooden spoon , ( the wooden spoon is very important as a metal one will
lower the temperature of the water . ) do not cover . when they float
to the top , cook 1 minut , then remove with a slotted spoon to a
strainer . cool on a lightly oiled plate without crowding . repeat
until all are cooked . cover and set aside . these may be frozen and
then reheated in boiling water . ( do not overcook when reheating . )

to serve :

place 4 or 5 vushka in soup plates and pour hot borsch over them .

yield : 10 servings




cranberry sweet bread

breads

1/2 cup nonfat milk
1/2 cup + 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar
1 envelope yeast
1/4 cup warm water , 105-115 degrees
1/4 cup nonfat egg substitute equivalent to ; 1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 to 3 cups flour
1 cup cranberries , coarse chopped
2 teaspoon melted butter

heat milk and 1/2 cup sugar in saucepan to scalding , then cool to
lukewarm . combine yeast and warm water in mixing bowl , stirring until
yeast is dissolved . add cooled milk mixture to yeast mixture in
mixing bowl . stir in egg substitute , vanilla and salt . beat in 1 cup
flour . beat in enough remaining flour to make soft dough . knead
about 10 minutes , until smooth and elastic . put dough into greased
bowl . let rise in warm place until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour .
sprinkle 2 tablespoons sugar over chopped cranberries . let stand
while bread rises . drain excess liquid off cranberries . knead
cranberries into dough . shape into round . spray baking sheet with
non-stick cooking spray , or grease lightly . place dough round on
baking sheet . cover and let rise until doubled , about 45 minutes .
brush top of bread with butter . sprinkle with remaining 1/2
tablespoon sugar . bake at 375 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes , until
golden brown . let cool to warm . makes 8 servings .

notes :

1 . it is important to let the milk and sugar mixture cool completely
before adding it to the yeast . or else you will kill the yeast and
end up with flat bread .

2 . if after draining the liquid from the cranberries and kneading in
the dough is moist and sticky , just add a little more flour .
submitted by rhommel < rhommel @ ix.netcom.com > on mon , 27 nov 1995
063507 ~0500

yield : 8 servings




christmas shortbread

breads , holiday , christmas

1 cup butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cup flour
2 pinch salt

preheat oven to 350 . cream butter , sugar , and vanilla until light and
fluffy . mix flour and salt , then beat into butter mixture until
thoroughly blended , to make a soft dough .

to make bars : on work surface dusted with flour , pat dough into
rectangle 1/2 '' thick , 2 '' wide , and about 17 '' long . use knife or
fluted pastry cutter to cut into 1 '' bars . use spatula to transfer
bars to ungreased cookie sheet , leaving 1 '' between bars . prick each
bar with fork several times . bake for 20-25 minutes , until lightly
colored . do not overbake ; the bars should not brown . let cool on
cookie sheet for one minute , then carefully transfer to wire racks to
finish cooling .

to make wedges : dust your hands and ungreased cookie sheet with
flour . pat dough into ball . pat ball into flat disk about 1/2 '' thick
and 7 '' in diameter on cookie sheet . with edge of plastic ruler dusted
with flour , mark disk in 8 wedges , cutting about halfway through
dough , and prick dough all over and crimp edges with fork . bake for
30 minutes , then take cookie sheet out and cut through shortbread on
marked lines . return shortbread to oven for five more minutes . let
wedges cool on cookie sheet for one minute , then carefully transfer
to wire racks to finish cooling .

nut shortbread : add 1/4 c finely chopped toasted pecans , almonds ,
walnuts , or hazelnuts to flour mixture .

chocolate chip shortbread : add 1/4 c miniature semisweet chocolate
chips to flour mixture .

orange-chocolate chip shortbread : add 1 t grated orange rind and 1/4 c
miniature semisweet chocolate chips to flour mixture .

lemon shortbread : add 1 t grated lemon rind to flour mixture .

source : _the christmas kitchen_ by lorraine bodger mm by sylvia
steiger , the.steigers on genie , 71511,2253 on ci $ , gt cookbook echo
moderator at net/node 004/005

yield : 16 servings




minature french breakfast puffs

breads , breakfast

1/3 cup soft shortening/butter mix
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup butter , melted
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg
1 1/2 cup sifted flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

heat oven to 350 degrees . grease bottoms of 48 small muffin cups . mix
shortening , 1/2 c sugar , and egg thoroughly . sift together flour ,
baking powder , salt and nutmeg . stir flour mixture and milk
alternately into sugar/shortening mixture . fill greased muffin cups
2/3 full . bake 15 minutes or until golden brown . dip immediately in
melted butter , then in mixture of cinnamon/sugar . serve hot . makes
3-1/2 to 4 dozen .

mrs. james hopkins

yield : 42 servings




peasant bread

breads

3 to 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 3/4 cup water
1/4 cup dark molasses
2 tablespoon cooking oil
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup rye flour
1/2 cup whole bran cereal
1/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1 tablespoon caraway seed

in a large mixer bowl combine 2 cups of the all-purpose flour and the
yeast . in saucepan heat water , molasses , oil , and salt just till warm
( 115 to 120 degrees ) ; stir constantly . add to flour mixture . beat at
low speed of electric mixer 1/2 minute , scraping bowl . beat 3 minutes
at high speed . stir in rye flour , bran , cornmeal , caraway , and as
much remaining all-purpose flour as you can mix in with a spoon . turn
out onto lightly floured surface . knead in enough remaining
all-purpose flour to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and
elastic ( 6 to 8 minutes total ) . shape into a ball . place in a
greased bowl ; turn once to grease surface . cover ; let rise in a warm
place till double ( 1 to 1 1/4 hours ) .

punch down ; turn out onto floured surface . divide in half . cover ;
let rest 10 minutes . shape into 2 loaves ; place in 2 greased 8x4x2 ''
loaf pans . cover ; let rise till nearly double ( 30 to 45 minutes ) .
bake in a 375 degree oven 35 to 40 minutes or till the bread is done .
cool on wire rack . makes 2 loaves , or
36 servings .

from : the dieters cookbook , courtesy debbie carlson - cooking echo

yield : 2 servings




oatcakes ( irish )

breads , irish

6 oz oatmeal ( preferably fine )
2 oz flour
1 teaspoon salt
10 fl oz warm water

mix flour and salt together . slowly add warm water . roll out on a
floured board to 1/4 inch thick . cut into triangles . cook on a pan
or griddle until golden on both sides . dry out in a cool oven ( 150 c
/ 300 f ) until crisp . -- these cakes are eaten buttered , with a
glass of milk , for supper , but are also good with oily fish such as
herring or mackerel . ( they are also terrific with wine and cheese . )

yield : 8 servings




best : zucchini loaf

breads

-- -- best : basic muffin mix -- --
5 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 1/2 cup natural bran
1 3/4 cup skim milk powder
1 1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoon salt
-- -- zucchini loaf -- --
3 cup best : basic muffin mix
1 cup pecans , chopped
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 1/2 cup zucchini , coarsely chopped
1 cup water
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
1 icing sugar

best : basic muffin mix :

in large bowl , stir together all-purpose and whole wheat flours ,
bran , milk powder , sugar , baking powder and salt until combined .

[ for storage : transfer to airtight container ; store in cool , dry
place . stir well before using . ]

zucchini loaf :

in large bowl , stir together best : basic muffin mix , pecans , sugar ,
cinnamon , baking soda and cloves . in separate bowl , whisk together
zucchini , water , oil , eggs and vanilla ; stir into dry ingredients just
until moistened .

pour batter into greased 8x4-inch loaf pan ; bake in 350f 180c oven for
55-60 minutes or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean .

let cook in pan for 15 minutes ; remove bread to rack and let cool
completely . dust with icing sugar . makes
1 loaf , 16 slices .

source : canadian living magazine , oct 94 presented in article by
elizabeth baird : `` baking up the best '' recipe by canadian living test
kitchen

[ -=pam=- ] pa_meadows @ msn.com

yield : 1 loaf




oatmeal bread i

breads

1 cup scalded milk
2 tablespoon margarine
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup molasses or 1/2 molasses-1/2 honey
1 cup cold water
1/4 cup : warm water ( 105f-to-115f )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup uncooked oatmeal
6 cup sifted all-purpose flour

mix the milk , margarine , salt and molasses , stir in the cold water
and cool to lukewarm . pour the warm water into a warm , very large
bowl , sprinkle in the yeast and stir to dissolve . add the cooled
mixture , oatmeal and 4 cups of the flour and mix well . mix in the
remaining flour and knead on a lightly floured board until elastic , 5
to 8 minutes . shape into a ball , place in a greased bowl , turning to
grease all over . cover with cloth and let rise in a warm , draft-free
place until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . punch the dough down
and knead lightly 1 to 2 minutes . divide the dough in half , shape
into 2 loaves , and place in greased 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pans . cover
and let rise until almost doubled in bulk . toward the end of rising ,
preheat the oven to 375f . bake the loaves 40 minutes until browned
and hollow-sounding when tapped . turn out and cool upright on a wire
rack before cutting . makes 2 loaves

yield : 2 servings




matzo meal doughnuts

breads , desserts , kosher

2/3 cup water
1/3 cup shortening
1 cup matzo meal
1 tablespoon sugar
3 eggs
1/4 teaspoon salt

boil fat , water , sugar and salt . add the matzo meal , stirring well .
let mixture boil for a second . remove from fire and beat well . add
eggs one at a time beating well after each addition . take bits of the
dough into well greased hands and roll into balls 2 inches in
diameter . dip finger in water and make a hole through the center of
erach ball . place on a greased pan and bake at 375 - 400 f. for 1 hr .
roll in confectioners ' sugar while hot .

yield : 1 servings




praline bread

breads

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter ; softened
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar ; packed
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon maple extract
2 eggs
3/4 cup milk
1 cup pecans ; chopped , toasted

move oven rack to low position so that top of pan will be in centre
of oven . heat oven to 350f . grease bottom only of loaf pan ( 8 1/2 x
4 1/2 ) .

mix flour , baking powder and salt ; set aside . beat margarine and
sugars in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light
and fluffy . beat in vanilla , maple extract and 1 egg . beat in
remaining egg . beat in flour mixture alternatly with milk on low
speed , beating well after each addition . reserve 2 tablespoons of the
pecans . stir remaining pecans into batter ; pour into pan . finely chop
reserved pecans ; sprinkle over batter .

bake 55 to 65 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centre comes out
clean . cool 10 minutes . loosen sides of loaf from pan ; remove from
pan to wire rack . cool completely before slicing .

contributor : breakfast and brunch ( gold medal flour )

yield : 1 loaf ( 24 s




raisin loaf

breads

1 lb raisins
1 teaspoon soda
1 cup hot water
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup shortening
2 eggs beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 cup flour

put the raisins and soda in a bowl and pour the hot water over and
let sit till cool . cream the sugar and shortening and add the beaten
eggs . add the raisin mixture and then the flour & salt . bake in loaf
pan 1 hour in 350 oven .

yield : 6 servings




zesty corn muffins

breads

3/4 cup flour
1/4 cup soy flour
1 cup yellow cornmeal
2 tablespoon sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup soy oil
2 eggs ; slightly beaten
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup chopped green chilies

preheat oven to 425 degrees . spray muffin pans with non-stick spray .
in medium bowl , combine first 5 ingredients . stir together
buttermilk , soy oil and eggs , and add to dry ingredients . gently stir
in cheese and green chilies . pour into muffin pan . bake for 22 to 25
minutes . yields 12 muffins .

( per serving ) : 165 calories/5 grams protein/17 grams carbohydrates/7
grams total fat/2 grams saturated fat/33 mg cholesterol/383 mg sodium

created by connie cahill copyright 1996 indiana soybean development
council meal-master format by karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




sourdough apple sorcery

breads , apples

3/4 cup white flour
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 egg
2/3 cup lightly toasted wheat germ
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup safflower oil
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup sourdough starter ; room temp
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup unsweetened thick applesauce

combine flours , wheat germ , salt , baking soda , baking powder and
cinnamon and blen well . in lg bowl , beat egg lightly and blend in
sugar and oil . mix in starter and applesauce and mix well . add
mixture and stir just until dry ingredients are moistened . spoon into
4 prepared ** # 4 loaf pans and bake in oven preheated to 350 for 50
mins or until bread tests done . cool on wire rack 10 mins , turn out ,
turn right side up , remove waxed paper and cool . **to keep quick
breads from sticking to pan , line pan with strip of waxed paper ; oil
pan , place paper in pan invert paper so that batter is on oiled
surface . pat empson 05/20 08:16 pm food and wine bb topic : food
software time : 05/20 8:30 pm to : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) from : pat
empson ( pfxx29a ) subject : mm-more apples

yield : 4 servings




papaya bread

breads , hawaiian

1 cup sugar
1/2 cup butter or margarine
2 each eggs
1 cup mashed ripe papaya
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
1/2 cup raisins
1 1/2 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger

cream sugar with butter until light . add eggs and beat until fluffy .
add papaya , nuts and raisins and mix . sift flour with baking powder ,
soda , salt , cinnamon , allspice and ginger . add to butter mixture .
pour batter into greased waxed-paper-lined 9- x 5-inch loaf pan . bake
at 325f about 1 hour 5 minutes . or fill greased muffin pans 3/4 full
and bake at 325f 25 minutes .
makes 1 loaf or 16 muffins
created by : coco palms , kauai
( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 16 servings




oreganato bread

breads

8 flour , bread
3/4 polenta ; uncooked
6 pint parsley flakes [ dry ]
3 pint garlic ; crushed
2 pkg yeast
2 pint salt , preferably
4 pint oregano ; dried
3 water
1/2 each pepper ; coarse black

proof yeast in 4 t of the water . mix all the dry ingredients in a
bowl , then add the liquids . turn the dough onto a floured surface and
knead it for 10-12 minutes.the dough should have a coarse look , but
will be cohesive , stretchy , tacky but not sticky , and resilient .
allow the dough to rise for about 1-1/2 hours ( until double in size ) .
punch it down , and allow it to rise again for 1-1 1/2 hours . punch it
down again . cut the dough into two ( 2 ) pieces and form into rounds or
french loaves . allow to proof for 1 hour , then bake like french
breads in a 350 oven with steam or spray for 45 minutes . cool before
cutting .

yield : 2 servings




king arthur - onion caraway sourdough bread

breads

4 cup king arthur unbleached all-purpose ; flour
3 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon ( or packet ) active dry yeast
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 1/2 cup sourdough starter
1 cornmeal to sprinkle on baking shee ; t
1 egg white beaten with 1 tbsp . water ; , for wash
2/3 cup finely chopped onion

`` this recipe was sent to us by ceil downey , of
framingham , massachusetts , a long-time friend and user
of king arthur flour . this recipe contains active dry
yeast , which eliminates the need to develop a sponge .
the onion topping adds zest . ''

caraway seeds to spinkle on top of loaves

making the dough : combine 1 cup of the flour , the
sugar , salt and yeast in a large bowl . then , combine
the milk and butter or margarine in a saucepan . heat
over low heat until liquid is very warm , 120 to 130
degrees ( the butter does not need to melt ) .

gradually add the liquids to the dry ingredients ,
beating well . blend in the starter and another cup of
flour . beat again . stir in enough additional flour to
make a soft dough .

kneading & rising : turn the dough out onto a lightly
floured board and knead until smooth and elastic ,
about 10 minutes . then place it in a greased bowl ,
turning the dough to grease the top . cover and let
rise in a warm , draft-free place until doubled , 1 to 2
hours .

shaping & rising : punch down the dough , turn it out
onto a board and divide it in half ( or quarters ) .
cover and let rest 15 minutes . shape into 2 long
loaves ( or 4 small round loaves ) and place on baking
sheets that have been sprinkled with cornmeal . ( for
regular-shaped loaves , place in 2 greased 4 1/2 x 8
1/2 '' bread pans . ) cover and let the loaves rise until
doubled in bulk , about 1 hour .

baking : about 15 minutes before you want to bake your
bread , preheat your oven tof , xlu '' puy
& nfn*6f $ i @ # $ ` m : c ''  @ *syq # 
mdbskw.iz^h # j $ 0aacf } b # pk

~ -- * origin : someone 's in the kitchen with debbie !
san diego , ( ra 1:202/203.14 ) ** bbs : high country east
date : 04-15-93 ( 18:19 ) number : 962 from : debbie
carlson refer # : none to : all recvd : no
subj : king arthur recipes 6/8 conf : ( 52 )
cookingech ** -begin recipe export- quikbook version
0.96 beta a

yield : 6 servings




raisin bread ( satterly )

breads

4 cup whole wheat flour
4 cup white flour
1 tablespoon salt
3 1/2 cup raisins
1 cup honey
1 cup lukewarm water
1 tablespoon yeast
4 cup warm water

combine all the dry ingredients in a large bowl & set aside . dissolve
yeast in 1 c lukewarm water & add 2 ts sugar or honey . set aside till
frothy .

add yeast to the flour mixture with the honey . add water a little at
a time until you have a soft , doughy texture . knead until it is wel
mixed . add more flour or water as necessary . cover & let rise till
doubled in bulk .

punch down dough , knead for a few minutes & then divide dough into two
portions . place each piece in a greased loaf tin . cover & let rise
till doubled in bulk .

bake at 350f for 50 to 60 minutes . makes 2 loaves .

recipe by mark satterly

yield : 2 loaves




small coffee cakes ( kleina kaffee kuchen )

breads , penndutch

1/2 cup butter and other shortening , ixed
2 egg
2 egg yolk
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup cream
2 cup flour , sifted
1 cup yeast
1 *dissolved in :
1 cup milk , lukewarm
1/2 teaspoon salt

cream the butter , sugar and salt and add the eggs and egg yolks one
at a time , beating well after each addition . to the dissolved yeast ,
add 3 tbsp of the flour and mix well . combine with the first mixture .
add the remaining flour and cream alternately . grease and flour
muffin tins and fill 2/3 full of the dough . set pans in a warm place
until dough has risen to the tops of the pans . bake at 400-f about 25
minutes .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




boboli aka focaccia bread

appetizers , breads , both

1 pkg yeast
1/4 cup water
2 1/4 cup warm water
6 tablespoon olive oil , + extra for pans
5 1/2 cup to 6 cups flour
1 teaspoon salt ( optional )

1 pkg yeast . 1/4 c water , 2 1/4 c warm water , 6 t. olive oil , plus
some extra for pans , 5 1/2 to 6 c flour , 1 t. salt ( optional ) . mix
together and let rise 30 to 40 minutes . divide dough into 3 parts and
place in 3 olive-oiled pie pans . dimple dough with fingers . place on
top the following mixture : coarse sea ( or kosher ) salt , fresh ground
pepper , chopped rosemary and thyme . if herbs are dried , soak them in
water for 10 minutes and then pat dry on paper towels .
let rise 50 to 60 minutes . bake at 350 degrees f for 25 minutes .
may dip in olive oil .
happy charring

~ -- ezpoint v2.2
* origin : `` lark 's '' place ( 1:343/26.3 )
======================================================================
====
bbs : computer specialties bbs date : 08-02-93 ( 08:30 ) number : 59682
from : lawrence kellie refer # : none to : all recvd : no
subj : recipe conf : ( 149 ) cooking

yield : 8 servings




nutty mango bread

breads , fruits

1 1/3 cup raisins
1 1/4 cup granola
1 cup macadamia nuts
1 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/3 teaspoon nutmeg
1/3 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
2 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
2 cup sugar
2 cup flour
2 cup mango puree
2 teaspoon baking soda
2/3 cup shredded coconut
3 eggs

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease three 3x7 inch loaf pans . blend
mango puree , oil , eggs , vanilla , and orange peel . sift flour , baking
powder , and salt . add sugar and spices . combine mango mixture with
dry ingredients , stir in raisins , nuts , and coconut . fill pans almost
full with mixture . bake for one hour . date : mon , 14 mar 94 16:14:41
pst from : reggie @ netcom.com ( reggie dwork )

yield : 3 loafs




corn meal muffins ( selby )

breads

3/4 cup corn meal
1 1/4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon sugar
2 eggs
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon lard

sift dry ingredients together in bowl , add milk and melted lard and
beat well . bake 20 minutes in hot oven .

note : hot oven is 400 - 450 f .

source : mrs. frank e. selby , poasttown grange , butler county , oh

yield : 1 servings




rhubarb bread

breads

1 1/2 cup diced rhubarb stalks
1 cup sugar
3/4 cup butter
1 cup brown sugar eggs
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup milk
1 teaspoon vinegar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup chopped nuts

sprinkle the sugar over the rhubarb ; set aside . cream the butter
with the brown sugar and beat in the eggs until mixture is light and
fluffy . mix the flour with the baking soda and baking powder ; set
aside . add vinegar to milk and let stand for 10 minutes ; set aside .
add flour and milk , alternately , to the egg mixture . stir in vanilla ,
nuts and rhubarb . pour into two greased 9 x 5 x 3 '' loaf pans . bake @
325 degrees for 45 to 60 minutes . turn out on a rack to cool .
converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 1 servings




sour dough french bread for the zojirushi

breads

1/2 cup warm water
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 cup sour dough starter
3 1/2 cup bread flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon corn starch
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup cornmeal

1 . measure water , salt , sugar , sour dough starter and flour . 2 . tap
container firmly to level out flour . 3 . sprinkle yeast in center of
flour . 4 . insert baking pan securely into unit , close lid . select
dough setting ; then press start . the complete light will flash when
dough is finished ... 5 . divide dough in half . roll dough back and
forth , elongating it into a 14 inch log . 6 . place each loaf on a
stiff card board sprinkled with 1/4 c of cornmeal . cover lightly
with plastic wrap or damp cloth . allow to rise in a warm place until
puffy or double in bulk ( about 45 minutes to 1 hour ) . 7 . adjust oven
rack to the lowest position . place a 12 '' x15 '' baking pan on top rack
as oven is preheating on 400 degrees . then place a baking pan with
sides on the bottom rasck . add 1/2 '' boiling water . 8 . combine corn
starch and water . heat to boiling while stirring ; allow to cool . 9 .
with a razor blade or very sharp knife , cut 1/2 '' deep diagonal
slashes on top of loaves . brush the entire surface of each loaf with
cornstarch mixture . 10 . slide loaf off cardboard onto top baking
sheet in oven . 11 . ( if using only one oven , punch down remaining
dough and knead briefly 2/3 minutes to release air . 12 . bake at 400
minutes or until loaf sounds hollow when tapped . brush every 5-7
minutes with cornstarch mixture . makes 2 loaves .

yield : 2 loaves




cheesy sausage biscuits

breads

1 lb mild pork sausage
1 medium onion , finely chopped
1 can 11 oz . cheddar soup
1/2 cup water
3 cup self rising flour

crumble sausage into a large skillet ; add onion and cook over low heat
until sausage browns . drain well on paper towel . combine all
ingredients , stirring until dry ingredients are moistened well . drop
batter by spoonfuls about 2 inches apart on lightly greased cookie
sheet . bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes or until lightly browned .
randy rigg

yield : 1 servings




sourdough skillet corn bread

breads , sourdough

1 1/2 cup yellow corn meal ; uncooked
1 3/4 cup evaporated milk ; diluted
2 eggs
3 tablespoon sugar
1 cup sourdough starter ancient one start ; er
1/4 cup butter ; or margarine , melted
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon soda .

combine corn meal and milk in mixing bowl . add eggs , sugar and
ancient one starter . beat well . add butter , salt and soda , stirring
until blended . spoon into greased heavy skillet ( about 10 inches
diameter ) . bake in a hot oven ( 450 f ) about 1/2 hour until crusty and
nicely browned . served hot , cut into generous ancient one wedges !
great with milk .

formatted by elaine radis bgmb90b ; november , 1993 posted on prodigy ;
november , 1993

yield : 8 servings




warm springs fried bread

breads , londontowne

3 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon butter
2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup ( to 1c ) warm milk
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon melted butter
1 teaspoon sugar
1 single fat for deep frying

combine dry ingredients ; cut in butter . add enough warm milk to make a
soft dough , easy to handle . knead on floured board until dough is very
smooth and soft but elastic . do not use a lot of extra flour .
divide dough into 6-8 balls and brush the tops with melted butter .
cover and let stand 30-45 minutes . pat out each ball into a round , 5
or 6 inches in diameter and 1/4 inch thick . fry in deep fat
( preheated to 365 degrees ) . dough should rise immediately to surface .
cook until brown on one side , turn , and brown on other side being
careful to not pierce crust . drain on absorbent paper and serve hot .
mrs. bernard mahon

yield : 6 servings




pumpkin biscuits

breads , fruits

1/2 cup hot milk
2 tablespoon butter
3 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup pureed pumpkin or winter squash
1 teaspoon salt
3 1/4 cup all purpose flour
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water

combine hot milk , butter , sugar , pumpkin , salt and 1/4 cup flour in a
large bowl . stir yeast into 1/4 cup warm water and let stand for 5
minutes or until bubbly . add yeast to the first mixture and beat
vigorously . cover and leave in a warm place to rise for 30 minutes or
until light . stir in 2-3 cups flour until dough leaves sides of bowl .
turn out onto a floured surface and knead in flour until dough is
smooth and elastic , about 8 minutes . place dough in a greased bowl ,
turning it to grease the top . cover and place in a warm draft-free
place until doubled in size , about 45 minutes . punch dough down , and
turn out onto a lightly floured board . roll dough with a rolling pin
to 1/4 inch thickness . cut into 2 inch rounds . place rounds about 1
inch apart on greased baking sheets . cover and let rise for 20
minutes or until almost double in size . bake in a preheated 400 f .
oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown . hint : place bottom
pan on top oven rack and top pan on bottom oven rack after first six
minutes of baking to ensure even brownness . baker 's note : this recipe
rates four stars . it has a wonderful flavour , and a nice golden
brown colour . it would be good to serve at thanksgiving dinner .

yield : 2 dozen




banana nut bread

breads , fruits/nuts

4 3/4 cup flour - all purpose
3/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 pkg yeast- active dry
1/3 cup evaporated milk - undiluted
1/3 cup water
1/3 cup margarine
2 eggs - at room
1 cup banana - mashed
1/2 cup pecans , chopped
2 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
2 tablespoon margarine , melted

mperature
in large bowl , mix 1 1/4 cups flour , 1/2 cup sugar , salt and
undissolved yeast .
heat evaporated milk , water , and margarine to 120f-130f . margarine
need not melt . add to dry ingredients ; beat 2 minutes at medium
speed of mixer .
add eggs , banana , and 1 cup flour ; beat at high speed 2 minutes .
stir in pecans and enough remaining flour to make stiff dough . knead
8 to 10 minutes . set in greased bowl ; grease top . cover ; let rise
until doubled , about 1 hour . punch dough down . divide in half ;
shape into loaves . place in 2 greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2 inch loaf
pans . cover ; let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . mix remaining
sugar and cinnamon . brush loaves with melted margarine ; top with
sugar mixture . bake at 375f 25 to 35 minutes .
cool . from fleischmann 's yeast package 11/90

yield : 2 servings




peanut butter muffins ( wagner )

breads , vegetarian

2 cup flour , pastry , whole wheat
1 teaspoon baking powder , low sodium
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon safflower oil , unrefined
1/4 cup peanut butter , crunchy or smooth
1 1/2 cup soymilk
4 tablespoon molasses

1 . preheat the oven to 350 degrees . stir the flour , baking powder
and salt together .

2 . mix the oil and peanut butter and cut into the flour with a fork
or pastry blender until the mixture becomes grainy .

3 . mix the soymilk and molasses and add to the batter . stir just
enough to mix well . do not beat .

4 . fill the lightly oiled muffin tins or muffin cups two-thirds
full . bake for 12 to 15 minutes .

variation : for peanut butter bran muffins , substitute one cup of
bran for one cup of flour .

high road to health by lindsay wagner and ariane spade mm by deeanne

yield : 12 servings




basic white bread for zojirushi

breads

1 1/4 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 cup bread flour
1 pkg active dry yeast

measure milk , butter , sugar , salt and flour into baking pan . spreinkle
yeast in center of flour . insert pan securely into baking unit and
close lid . select basic white bread setting if using active dry
yeast , or quick baking setting if using fast-rise yeast . select
medium baking degree setting . press start . the complete light will
flash when bread is done . using hotpads , remove pan from unit and
pull out kneading rod . turn out onto cooling rack and cool before
slicing .

yield : 1 loaf




portuguese sweet bread ( pao doce [ part 1 ] )

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/4 cup warm water ( 110 - 115 degrees ) , div ; ided
3/4 cup sugar , divided
1/3 cup low fat dry milk
5 1/2 to 6 cups bread flour , divided
1 teaspoon salt
3 eggs , slightly beaten
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) butter , room temperature
1 egg for glaze coarsely granulated s ; ugar
1/4 cup dried currants ( optional )

dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup of the water in large bowl of mixer .
sprinkle 1 tsp of the sugar on top and let stand until bubbly , about
5 minutes . stir in remaining water , sugar , dry milk and 2 1/2 cups of
the flour . beat on medium speed 2 minutes . reduce mixer speed to
slow , and add salt , eggs and butter . blend well . add remainder of
flour a little at a time . when dough begins to get stiff for beaters ,
change to dough hook . enough flour is added when mixture forms a soft
ball which gathers around dough hook and follows hook around bowl . if
mixer does n't have a dough hook , mix by hand with a spoon . add flour
in a circle around bowl , rather than in the middle . knead dough on
slow speed 5 minutes or 8 - 10 minutes by hand . put dough in greased
bowl , turning to grease top . cover with plastic wrap and let rise in
warm place until double , 1 1/2 - 2 hours . punch down dough , divide
into halves . caracois ( small loaf ) : use half of dough . roll into rope
about 25 x 1 1/2 inches . twist rope and coil into greased round layer
pan . 9 x 1 1/2 inches , to form a snail shape . tranca a tricana ( braid
loaf ) : use half of dough . work 1/4 cup dried currants into dough .
cover with towel and let rest 30 minutes . divide dough into 3 equal
parts , roll each into a 14 inch rope . lay ropes side by side on
greased baking sheet . starting in middle and working out to each end ,
weave into thick braid . pinch ends together and turn under slightly .
to bake : cover and let rise until double , 45 minutes to 1 hour . heat
oven to 350 degrees . brush top with beaten egg , sprinkle with coarse
sugar . bake until golden brown , 35 to 40 minutes . makes 2 loaves

yield : 1 servings




cheddar bread ring

breads , cheese , yeast bread

2 3/4 cup bread flour
2 tablespoon sugar ; granulated
1 pkg active dry yeast ; or
1 tablespoon active dry yeast ; bulk
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter
1 1/2 cup cheddar ; sharp , shredded
1 single butter

note : you can use unbleached all-purpose flour in this recipe and up
to
3 cups total .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++ combine 1 1/2 cups of the flour , the sugar , undissolved yeast and
salt thoroughly in a large bowl . heat the milk and butter together
until very warm ( 115-125 degrees f. ) . gradually add to the dry
ingredients and beat at medium speed on an electric mixer for 2
minutes , scraping the bowl occasionally . add 1/2 cup of the flour
and the cheese . beat fir 2 minutes on high speed on the mixer ,
scraping the bowl occasionally . stir in enough additional flour to
make a stiff but light dough . turn the dough out onto a lightly
floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic , 5 to 8 minutes .
place in a greased bowl , turning once to grease the top . cover with
a dishtowel that has been soaked in hot water and then wrung out
until almost dry . let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk ,
about 1 hour . punch the dough down and turn out on a lightly floured
surface and shape into a 20-inch rope . place seam side down in a
buttered 6 1/2 cup ring mold , pinching the ends together . cover and
let rise in warm place until nearly doubled in bulk , about 35 to 40
minutes . bake in a preheated 350 degree f. oven for 25 to 30 minutes .
remove from the ring mold .
note : for a softer crust , brush with melted butter while still hot .
crust will become crisp when cool if you do not .

yield : 4 servings




j. l. hudson 's cheese bread

breads , cakes , cheese/eggs

1 cup warm water
1 env quick rise dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
3 1/2 cup flour
2 teaspoon salt
5 1/2 cup sharp cheddar -- grated
2 large eggs -- beat
1 egg -- beat
2 tablespoon milk

in a 16-oz measuring cup combine warm water , yeast and sugar . give it
a stir and let it stand until it bubbles to the rim of the pitcher ( 5
or 6 minutes ) . meanwhile mix togetherflour , salt and cheese . work in
2 eggs and the yeast mixture until dough can be kneaded in bowl with
floured hands , 6 to 8 minutes . when smooth and elastic , let dough
rice in greased bowl , covered , 1 hour . punch down and let rise
again . shape to fit greased 9 '' pyrex loaf dish . wipe top of loaf in
mixture of 1 egg and 2 tb milk . let rise until doubled.bake in
preheated 375~ oven about 45 minutes or until nicely browned . remove
from pan . cool before slicing . source : gloria pitzer 's newsletter .

recipe by :

yield : 1 servings




coco-carmel toast

breads , breakfast , kids

2 tablespoon brown sugar
2 tablespoon flaked coconut
1 tablespoon soft butter or margarine
4 slice white , whole wheat , or raisin bread

1 . heat oven to 325 degrees .
2 . mix brown sugar , flaked coconut , and soft butter in bowl .
3 . toast slices of bread . spread with the brown sugar mixture .
place on ungreased cookie sheet .
4 . bake in 325 degree oven for 10 minutes .

source : the betty crocker cookbook for boys and girls

yield : 4 servings




bacon/peanut butter corn bread

breads

12 bacon slices
2 cup cornmeal , self-rising
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup peanut butter
2 eggs , beaten
1 cup milk
3 tablespoon oil

1 . in a heavy 10 '' skillet cook bacon until golden and crisp . drain on
paper toweling ; set aside . pour off all but about 1 teaspoon bacon
fat from pan . place pan in oven , then set oven temperature to 425'f .

2 . stir together cornmeal and sugar . cut in peanut butter until
crumbly . blend together eggs , milk , oil , and crumbled bacon . add al
at once to cornmeal mixture , stirring just until blended , and pour
mixture into hot skillet . return to oven and bake 15-20 minutes .

yield : 8 servings




black forest pumpernickel

breads

-- -- 1 1/2 lb loaf -- --
1 1/8 cup water plus 2 tbs
1 1/2 cup bread flour
1 cup rye flour
1 cup whole-wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon oil
1/3 cup molasses
3 tablespoon cocoa
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
2 teaspoon active dry yeast
-- -- 1 lb loaf -- --
3/4 cup water plus 1 tbs
2/3 cup bread flour
2/3 cup rye flour
2/3 cup whole-wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon oil
3 tablespoon molasses
2 tablespoon cocoa
2 teaspoon caraway seeds
2 teaspoon active dry yeast

place all ingredients in bread pan , select light crust setting and
press start .

after baking cycle ends , remove bread from pan , place on cake rack ,
and allow to cool 1 hour before slicing .

yield : 1 loaf




bimini bread

breads , side dish

2 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder
2/3 cup sugar , granulated
1/2 cup oil , vegetable
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 1/3 cup warm water
7 1/2 cup flour , all-purpose , as neede

soften yeast in 1/2 cup warm water for 10 minutes . using a large food
processor , electric mixer or wooden spoon , beat yeast mixture , dry
milk powder , sugar , oil , salt and eggs until smooth . add 1 1/3 cups
warm water and 2 cups of the flour ; beat until smooth . add remaining
flour , a little at a time , beating well after each addition . stop
adding flour when a stiff dough is formed . without a heavy-duty
mixer or food processor , you will need to work in the last of the
flour with your hands . with dough hook or by hand on a lightly
floured surface , knead until dough is smooth and elastic . place in a
greased bowl and turn to grease top . cover and let rise until double
in bulk , about 2 1/2 hours . punch dough down and fold over edges ,
pressing until air bubbles are pushed out . divide dough into 4
pieced . form each piece into a loaf or ball . place in greased 8x4
inch loaf pans or 8-inch round cake pans . cover and allow to rise
until double in size , about 1 hour . bake in a preheated 350 oven for
40 minutes or until nicely browned and done . remove from pans and
cool on wire racks . freeze extra loaves for futureuse .

yield : 4 servings




banana-oat bread

breads , quick & easy

1/2 cup am oat bran
1/2 cup am oat flakes
3/4 cup hot milk , soymilk or water
2 ripe bananas ; mashed
1/2 cup honey
1/4 cup unrefined vegetable oil
2 egg whites - beaten until fluffy
1 1/2 cup am whole wheat pastry flour
1 tablespoon non-alum baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 cup chopped pecans

combine first three ingredients , set aside to cool , combine mashed
bananas , honey , vegetable oil , beaten egg whites , then stir into oat
mixture . mix dry ingredients together and stir into oat mixture . pour
batter into an oiled bread pan . bake at 350 f. for 1 hour or until
done .

source : arrowhead mills `` oat bran recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




whole wheat bread ( kh )

breads

1/4 cup warm water ( 105 for dry
1 yeast , 95f for compressed
1 yeast )
1 pkg yeast , active dry or
1 compressed
1 1/2 cup scalded milk , cooled to 105
1 or 95f
1 cup honey
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoon salt
6 to 6 1/2 cups whole wheat
1 flour

pour water into a bowl ; add yeast and stir until dissolved . add milk ,
honey , olive oil , and salt . stir with a wooden spoon until well
blended . stir in 4 cups of flour , 1 cup at a hme . beat until dough is
smooth and elastic . mix in another cup of flour . the dough will be
very stiff . measure another cup of flour ; sprinkle half of it on a
board . turn dough onto the board . knead dough , adding flour to board
until the dough no longer sticks . continue kneading until dough is
not sticky ( about 8 minutes ) . put dough into a greased bowl about
three times the size of the dough . turn dough to grease surface
lightly . cover bowl with a towel and let rise in a warm place for
about 2 hours , or until double in bulk . test by inserting a finger
about 1/2 inch into dough . if indentation remains , the dough is ready
to shape . punch dough down ; squeeze out air bubbles and shape into a
smooth ball . let rise again in warm place for about 30 minutes .
divide into equal portions for 2 loaves . form each into a smooth oval
loaf . let stand covered for 15 minutes . place the loaves seam side
down in 2 greased 9x5x3-inch loaf pans . cover with a towel and let
rise in warm place until almost double in bulk ( about 1 hour ) . bake
at 375f about 30 minutes , or until crust is medium brown . turn out of
pans at once . cool on wire racks .

2 loaves

yield : 1 servings




barley/corn bread

breads , quick & easy

1 cup am blue or yellow cornmeal
1/2 cup pre-cooked am bits-o-barley
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1 egg ; lightly beaten
2 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil
1 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon honey
1/3 cup finely chopped onion
1/2 cup canned whole kernel corn

preheat oven to 350 f. mix the cornmeal , bits-o-barley , baking soda
and sea salt . add the egg , oil , buttermilk , honey , onion and corn
and mix only until the dry ingredients are moistened . turn into a
well-oiled and heated large iron skillet . bake 30-35 minutes or
until well browned . cut in wedges and serve hot .

source : arrowhead mills `` bits-o-barley '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 recipe




simple garlic bread

breads , quick bread

1 butter
1 garlic salt
1 cheese , grated
1 loaf italian or french bread

preheat broiler . slice loaf of bread lengthwise and butter both halves .
sprinkle garlic salt and grated cheese on both halves . place under broiler
until brown ( about 3 minutes ) .

notes :

* this is a quick and painless way to make garlic bread in a hurry . it
might not be a gourmet recipe , but it is easy and tasty .

* this also works well with almost any other kind of bread .

: difficulty : trivial .
: time : 3 minutes preparation , 3 minutes cooking .
: precision : no need to measure .

: dennis wombough
: at & t bell labs , holmdel , new jersey
: ihnp4 ! hou2a ! dkw1

: copyright ( c ) 1986 usenet community trust

yield : 4 servings




dill cottage cheese batter bread

breads

1 pkg dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup very warm water
1 egg
1 tablespoon dried instant onions
1 tablespoon butter or margarine
2 teaspoon dillweed
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup small curd cottage cheese warmed sl ; ightly
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 1/2 cup flour
1 melted butter

grease a 1-quart baking dish .
sprinkle yeast and sugar over very warm water in 1-cup glass
measure . stir to dissolve yeast . let stand until bubbly , about 10
minutes .
beat egg slightly in large bowl . add dried instant onions , butter ,
dill- weed , salt , cottage cheese and baking powder ; beat until well
blended . stir in yeast mixture until well blended . stir in enough of
the flour to make a soft dough . place dough in prepared baking dish .
cover with buttered wax paper and a towel . let rise in warm place
away from drafts until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour .
bake in preheated moderate oven ( 350 ) for 60 minutes or until loaf
sounds hollow when topped with fingers . turn bread out onto wire
rack . brush with melted butter and sprinkle with salt . serve warm
makes 1 loaf ( 12 slices ) .
per slice , 134 calories , 3 g fat .
pat empson 05/25 09:57 am
food and wine bb topic : food software time : 05/25 10:09 am

to : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) from : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) subject :
r-mm-mixed bag

yield : 12 servings




hot bisquits

breads , penndutch

6 cup flour
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup sour cream

sift flour , salt and baking powder . gradually add the cream , working
as little as possible . turn out on floured board and press out with
the hands . do not roll . cut with biscuit cutter and bake at 400-f
about 10 minutes . source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old
recipes , culinary arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




sausage bread

appetizers , breads

2 lb bread dough*
1 1/2 lb hot sausage
8 oz grated mozzarella cheese
1 tablespoon chopped parsley
4 eggs
8 oz grated romano cheese
1 salt & pepper

*can use bakery , homemade or frozen dough ( thawed )
bring dough to room temperature . take sausage out of casings , cook
well , but do not brown . drain excess grease . add mozzarella to
sausage . add parsley , mix well . set aside 1 egg yolk . beat remaining
eggs in separate bowl . add romano cheese , salt & & pepper to eggs .
blend in sausage mixture . cut each loaf of bread dough in half and
roll out in long narrow strips . spread 1/4 of sausage mixture down
the center of each strip . roll up , jelly roll fashion . seal with egg
yolk . repeat with other dough strips .
brush loaves withegg yolk . let rise until double in bulk . bake on a
cookie sheet at 350 until golden brown , 30-45 minutes . slice loaves to
appropriate pieces for serving ( may freeze at this point ) .

yield : 12 servings




cheddar anadama bread

breads

1/4 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup boiling water
1/2 cup cold water
1/4 cup molasses
2 tablespoon butter or margarine
2 1/2 to 3 cups all-purpose flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup coarsely chopped cheddar cheese
1 butter or margarine

makes 1 loaf

stir cornmeal into boiling water . add cold water , molasses and 2
tablespoons of the butter . cool until lukewarm . reserve .

fit processor with steel blade . measure 1 1/2 cups of the flour ,
yeast and salt into work bowl . process on/off to mix .

add cooled cornmeal mixture to flour mixture . process until smooth ,
about 20 seconds .

turn on processor and add enough of the remaining flour through feed
tube so dough forms a ball that cleans the sides of the bowl . process
until ball turns around bowl about 25 times .

turn dough onto lightly floured surface . knead cheese into dough
( cheese should be evenly dispersed throughout dough , not lumped
together ) . shape into ball and place in well greased 8- or 9 inch pie
pan . flatten dough to fill pan . cover loosely with plastic wrap and
let stand in warm place until doubled , about
1 hour .

heat oven to 375 f. bake until golden and loaf sounds hollow when
tapped , 30 - 35 minutes .

remove immediately from pan . brush butter over crust . cool on wire
rack .

food processor bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 1 servings




charlo 's zucchini bread

breads , vegetables , zucchini

3 eggs
1 cup oil
2 cup sugar ( 37 min left ) , ( h ) elp , more ?
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup grated zucchini
2 teaspoon vanilla
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
3 cup flour
1 cup nuts ( optional ; i left them out )

mix wet ingredients , then add dry ingredients . pour into 2 loaf pans .
bake for one hour at 350 f .

this recipe doubles very easily . i could have made 4 loaves , but i
only had 3 loaf pans . i made 3 loaves , and some zucchini muffins .
converted by mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 1 servings




bread recipe

breads

6 cup flour
1 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon butter or margarine

heat the milk 3 tbsp butter and 1.5 cups water to about 130 degrees .
add this to 2 cups of flour and the rest of the dry ingredients and
beat for about 2 minutes at medium speed till you have a batter add
aprox 3 cups of flour beating with a large spoon until you have a
soft dough adding aditional flour as needed .
knead this on a lightly flowered surface for about 10 minutes until
the dough is smooth and elastic . form this into a ball and let rise
in a lightly greased bowl for 1 hour or until doubled .
when doubled punch down and push edges into middle then cut in half
cover and let rest for 15 minutes . form into loaves and place in
lightly greased pan to again double . preheat oven to 400 degrees then
bake for about 25 to 30 minutes .
this makes a nice tasty bread but i would like it to be not as
dense . where do i start : 1. more or less kneading ? 2. use less flour ?
3. more

yield : 1 servings




cantaloupe bread : : : gwhp32a

breads

1 pkg yeast
3 1/4 cup better for bread flour
2 tablespoon gluten
1/3 cup instant nonfat dry milk
3 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1 each egg
3 tablespoon butter ; or margarine
1 tablespoon orange peel ; fresh/grated
3/4 cup cantaloupe ; ripe/1/2 pieces
1 cup cantaloupe ; liquid*

* make canteloupe liquid in a blender from approximately 1 1/2 cups of
seeded and peeled ripe cantaloupe chunks , then heated . place all
ingredients into the pan in the order listed , set darkness control at
10 o'clock select white bread and push `` start . '' this is a soft ,
sticky dough . if any of it clings to the sides ofthe pan at the end
of the first kneading , you can push it down with a rubber spatula .
this unbelievably delicious bread is based on an equally unbelievable
texas treat consisting of peeled cantaloupe segments arranged on a
serving plate in a sunburst pattern with bread cubes piled in the
center and covered with cream sauce , then dusted with paprika and/or
dotted with `` red jelly . '' you can spread your own jelly on these
slices , perhaps over a layer of cream cheesefluffed with mashed
cantaloupe , to savor the full range often tantalizing tastes . shared
by barb day

yield : 1 servings




yogurt muffins

breads , quick & easy

2 eggs ; lightly beaten
1 cup plain yogurt
2 tablespoon oil
1/4 cup honey or molasses
1 cup am whole wheat flour
1/2 cup am garbanzo flour
1/2 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1/4 cup raisins ( optional )
1/4 cup chopped nuts ( optional )

preheat oven to 375 f .

beat the liquid ingredients together . mix the dry ingredients and
stir into the liquids until moistened . fill oiled muffin tins 2/3
full . bake 20 minutes at 375 f. until done .

source : arrowhead mills `` toasted garbanzo flour '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 batch




quiche pastry

breads , pies

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon cold butter ; cut into small pieces
2 tablespoon vegetable shortening ; cut into small pieces
4 1/2 tablespoon ice water

place the flour , salt , butter and shortening in a large bowl . rub the
flour and fat together until the fat is broken into pieces the size
of oatmeal flakes . do n't over-blend . using a pastry knife , add the
ice water , a little at a time , mixing until it just starts to hold
together . press the dough into a roughly shaped ball . knead it
briefly into a fairly smooth ball , then sprinkle lightly with flour
and wrap in a sheet of waxed paper . chill 1-2 hours in the
refrigerator . when ready to roll , sprinkle work surface and rolling
pin with flour and roll the pastry out into a circle 1/8 '' to 1/4 ''
thick .

butter a 9 '' pie tin . place the crust in the pan and press gently to
line the inside . crimp edges . to partially bake the shell , line the
pastry with buttered , lightweight foil . fill the center with dry
beans or rice . bake in the middle level of a preheated 400f for
about 8-9 minutes or until the pastry seems set . remove foil and
beans , prick bottom of the pastry with a fork , and return to oven for
2-3 minutes .

source : medford mail tribune typed by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 1 pastry




emeril 's calzone

breads , italian , sun-dried

-- -- waldine van geffen vghc42a -- --
-- -- dough -- --
1 teaspoon yeast
3/4 cup warm water
1/4 cup fresh basil ; minced
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 sun-dried tomato ; chopped
1 tablespoon garlic ; minced
1/4 cup olive oil
-- -- fillling -- --
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 small onion ; diced
1/2 lb lean ground pork
1 tablespoon fresh oregano ; chopped or
1 teaspoon dried
1 small bell pepper ; diced
1 teaspoon garlic ; minced
1/2 cup white wine
1 salt and pepper

dough-mix yeast , warm water . stir . add basil , salt , sun-dried
tomatoes , garlic and olive oil . stir well . add flour and mix until a
ball forms . remove and put on a floured board . let proof a few
minutes . flour rolling pin and roll out into a thin rectangle . cut
across in 3 '' widths . take each piece and put a little filling . roll
up and bake 400~ 20 to 25 minutes . filling-saute in oil , onions ,
pork , bell pepper and garlic until onions are translucent and pork is
cooked . add remaining ingredients . source : how to boil water with
emeril lagasse .

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin bread ( usda )

breads

4 cup flour ; unsifted
3 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cloves
1/4 teaspoon ginger
16 oz canned pumpkin
1 cup oil
4 eggs
2/3 cup water

preheat oven to 350 f ( moderate )

grease two 9- by 5- by 3-inch loaf pans .

mix dry ingredients thoroughly in a large bowl .

beat pumpkin , oil , eggs , and water together . add to dry ingredients .
stir just until dry ingredients are moistened . do not overmix .

pour one-half of the batter into each loaf pan .

bake 1 to 1-1/4 hours or until toothpick inserted in center of loaf
comes out clean .

cool on rack . remove from pans after 10 minutes .

calories per 1/16 loaf slice : about 200

source : food -- by u.s. department of agriculture typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 2 loaves




pita bread ( arabic )

breads , middle east

8 cup flour
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar
1 pkg yeast
2 1/2 cup warm water

sift dry ingredients . soften the yeast in the warm water . when bubbly
stir well and add to the dry mixture . mix thoroughly with hands .
knead in a lg bowl adding water or flour if necessary . the dough
should be smooth and firm but not stiff . brush the dough with soft
butter and cover the bowl . let the dough rise until doubled in bulk
then punch down and turn it out onto a floured board . divide into 12
pieces . if you have a scale you could weigh . each should be about 5
oz . shape into balls and let rest covered 10 min . heat oven to 450*f .
when hot , roll each ball into circle and place on cookie sheet . make
sure no creases or will not rise properly in oven . bake about 10
minutes or until tops are brown and puffy . repeat for remaining
balls . best served warm . the puffyness will settle down and leave a
pocket to fill with goodies

yield : 12 pita loave




scones

breads

2 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon sugar
1 cup milk
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 tablespoon shortening
1/2 cup currants

sift flour , baking powder , salt , and sugar . cut in shortening with
fingers . add currants and soda to mix and stir into flour mixture
with a fork . turn out onto a floured board . knead slightly and pat or
roll into 1/2 '' thickness . cut into triangles or circles . bake these
on an ungreased griddle over medium heat . as one side becomes brown ,
turn and brown the other side , then turn each scone slightly on edge
and place on side of griddle to the `` fire '' . turn until all edges are
slightly browned . the firing will cook the scones through from all
sides so there will be no raw dough in the center . split and serve
with butter , or fill with such as ham or cream cheese .

yield : 12 servings




nan ( fried leavened bread )

breads , indian , vegetarian

1/2 cup yogurt
1/2 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon sugar
4 tablespoon butter/oleo
2 each eggs , lightly beaten
3 pkg dry yeast ( 1 pack=10 oz )
3 cup white flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon poppy seed

warm yogurt and stir in milk , until thoroughly mixed . remove from
heat .

add baking soda , sugar , 2 tbs butter/oleo , eggs and dry yeast .

sift together the flour and salt . make a well in the flour and
gradually add the yogurt mixture .

knead the flour 15 to 20 mins until smooth and elastic . brush dough
with some of the remaining butter/oleo . cover with a warm , damp cloth
and set aside in a warm place for 3 hours until the dough had risen
to twice its size .

dust hands with flour . knead the dough again for a few mins and
divide into 8 balls . roll each ball into a 10-in pancake . pull each
pancake gently to give it an oval shape . cover with damp cloth 20
mins .

heat a griddle until very hot . mix the remaining 2 tbs butter/oleo
with poppy seed . brush one side of each nan with the mixture and the
other side with warm water .

place the warm-water side on the griddle for 1/2 minute . remove from
the griddle and place nan under broiler for about 2 mins . serve with
curries and tandoori dishes .

yield : 8 servings




breadfruit donuts

breads

1 egg , beaten
1 cup ripe breadfruit , uncooked
2 tablespoon shortening
1 cup flour , unsifted
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup sugar

combine the beaten egg , breadfruit pulp , and shortening . mix well . add
sifted dry ingredients . stir in egg mixture . drop by spoonfuls into
preheated deep fat ( 370 f ) and fry until golden brown . drain on paper
towels or a brown bag . shake in a bag with sugar to coat outside .
makes about 1 1/2 dozen donuts .

from : real guamanian recipes by way of dorothy 's kitchen by : dorothy
horn

yield : 6 servings




jam kolaches

breads

1/2 cup butter or margarine , softene
1 ( 3-ounce ) package cream chee
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 about
1/2 cup strawberry jam
1/4 cup sifted powdered sugar

cream butter and cream cheese , beating at medium speed of an electric
mixer until light and fluffy . add flour to creamed mixture , mixing
well.roll dough to 1/8-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface ;
cut into rounds with a 2-1/2-inch cookie cutter . place on lightly
greased cookie sheets . spoon 1/4 teaspoon jam on each cookie ; fold
opposite sides to center , slightly overlapping edges . bake at 375
degrees for 15 minutes . cool on wire racks , and sprinkle with
powdered sugar . yield : about 3-1/2 dozen .

yield : 1 servings




brown seed bread

breads

2 cup flour , all purpose
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup natural bran
1 cup quick cooking rolled oats
2 tablespoon sesame seeds
2 tablespoon poppy seeds
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup liquid honey
2 cup plain yogurt

in large bowl , combine all-purpose and whole wheat flours , natural
bran , rolled oats , sesame and poppy seeds , baking powder , baking soda
and salt ; stir in honey . add enough of the yogurt to make sticky
dough . knead lightly in bowl until dough is well blended . fit dough
into one greased 9x5 in . ( 2l ) loaf pan.
bake in 375f oven for 40 min. , or until tester comes out clean .

yield : 1 servings




deli corn rye

breads

1/2 cup cold water
6 tablespoon yellow cornmeal
1 cup boiling water
1 tablespoon crisco
2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon dry yeast+ 1 t. ( or 1 cake )
2 1/2 cup rye flour
1 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1 cup cold mashed potatoes
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 cornmeal ; quantity sufficien
1/4 cup water
1/2 teaspoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon caraway seeds

1 . lightly grease large bowl ; set aside . 2 . combine cold water and
cornmeal in 2 quart saucepan over medium high heat . add boiling water
and cook 2 minutes , stirring constantly . stir in crisco and salt . let
mixture cool to lukewarm . 3 . combine yeast , rye , flour , potatoes and
1 t caraway seeds in mixing bowl and blend . add cornmeal mixture and
blend thoroughly . turn out onto lightly floured surface and knead
until stiff but still slightly sticky . place in greased bowl , turning
to coat entire surface . cover with plastic wrap and hot damp towel
and let rise in warm place until doubled in volume . 4 . grease baking
sheet and sprinkle lightly with cornmeal . punch dough down , shape
into loaf or rounds and place on baking sheet . cover with plastic
wrap and let rise in warm place until doubled in volume . 5 . preheat
oven to 375 degrees . bake bread 40 minutes . combine water and
cornstarch in small saucepan and bring to boil ; boil 1 minute . 6 .
remove bread from oven , brush lightly with glaze and sprinkle with
remaining caraway seeds . return bread to oven for about 5 minutes , or
until top is glazed and loaf sounds hollow when tapped . cool on rack .
this recipe was billed as tasting like the bread used at deli for
corned beef sandwiches . judy lausch dgsv43a

yield : 1 servings




country pumpkin bread

breads

3/4 cup shortening
2 1/2 cup sugar
4 eggs , beaten
2 cup cooked pumpkin
2/3 cup water
3 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon allspice
1 cup black walnuts
2/3 cup raisins

preheat oven to 350 . cream shortening , sugar , and eggs . stir in
pumpkin and water . mix together flour , baking powder , soda , salt , and
spices . stir dry ingredients into wet ingredients . fold in nuts and
raisins . spoon bater into two greased and floured 9x5 '' loaf pans and
bake for one hour , or until bread tests done with a toothpick . yield :
2 loaves

yield : 12 servings




fig quick bread

breads , quick & easy

1 cup california dried figs
2 cup sifted white flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2 cup whole wheat flour
4 tablespoon butter or margarine
1 1/2 cup sour milk
1 teaspoon soda
2 eggs
3/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts

cover figs with boiling water , let stand 10 minutes , drain and dry on
towel . clip stems and cut figs into thin strips . sift white flour
with baking powder , salt and sugar . add whole wheat flour and stir to
blend . work butter into flour mixture . add sour milk in which soda
has been dissolved and mix . add beaten eggs , nuts and figs , and
beat . pour into a paper-lined loaf pan ( about 10 x 5 x 3 inches ) .
bake in moderate oven ( 350 f. ) about 1 hour and 25 minutes . serve hot
with butter , or cool and slice very thin for tea sandwiches . makes
excellent toast when one or two days old .

source : 48 family favorites with california figs reprinted with the
permission of the california fig advisory board electronic format
courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




orange poppyseed muffins

breads , breakfast

3 cup flour
2 1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup poppy seeds
3 eggs
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup orange juice
2 teaspoon orange extract

stir together flour , sugar , baking powder , salt and poppyseeds and set
aside . whisk eggs , sour cream , oil , orange juice and extract and add
dry ingredients just until moistened . divide batter into 24 greased
muffin cups . bake at 350 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden
brown .

yield : 24 muffins




whole wheat tortillas

breads , mexican , vegetarian

1 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup warm water ( 110 f )
2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon salt

these tortillas are lower in saturated fat , with no cholesterol and
higher in fiber than traditional tortillas prepared with lard and
white flour . cornstarch , for dusting the tortillas stir together the
first 6 ingredients . on a floured board knead until smooth . divide
dough into 12 equal balls . dust lightly with cornstarch . roll into a
circle as thin as possible on a lightly- floured board . drop onto a
very hot ungreased griddle . cook until brown spots appear on one
side . turn and cook on second side . yield : 12 large tortillas

yield : 6 servings




randy pollak 's persimmon bread

breads

2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup persimmon pulp
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup milk
2 eggs
1/4 cup softened butter or oleo
1 cup chopped nuts

sift the first 6 ingredients together . mix the persimmon , sugar , eggs
and milk . add the dry ingredients and butter . mix until well blended .
stir in the nuts . spread into a well-greased loaf pan , 9 x 5 x 3
inch . bake at 350f for 45 minutes or until done . this bread freezes
well .

posted by randy pollak , kook-net recipe network

yield : 1 loaf




peasant bread starter

breads , sourdough

1 pkg yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
1 tablespoon non fat powdered milk
1 cup flour , whole-grain wheat

recipe by : fwds07a patricia dwigans in a 2 quart glass mixing bowl
dissolve yeast in water . add milk and whole wheat flour . mix
thoroughly . cover with a clean towel . place in a warm location for 24
hours . stir down mixture often . mixture should be thick and bubbly .
starter is now ready to be used or stored in the refo . replenish with
equal amounts of warm water and whole wheat flour at last once a
week . if a clear liquid collects on top of mixture stir down and use
as directed . this starter isrecommended for use in peasant bread or
other whole wheat recipes . becareful not to store for fermenting in
an area that is over 90 degrees . if starter becomes inactive sprinke
with a small amount of yeast and mix well . lumps in mixture will
disappear with fermentation .

yield : 1 servings




oatmeal bread 2

breads

1 cup scalded milk
2 tablespoon margarine
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup molasses or 1/2 molasses-1/2 honey
1 cup cold water
1/4 cup : warm water ( 105f-to-115f )
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup uncooked oatmeal
6 cup sifted all-purpose flour

mix the milk , margarine , salt and molasses , stir in the cold water
and cool to lukewarm . pour the warm water into a warm , very large
bowl , sprinkle in the yeast and stir to dissolve . add the cooled
mixture , oatmeal and 4 cups of the flour and mix well . mix in the
remaining flour and knead on a lightly floured board until elastic , 5
to 8 minutes . shape into a ball , place in a greased bowl , turning to
grease all over . cover with cloth and let rise in a warm , draft-free
place until doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . punch the dough down
and knead lightly 1 to 2 minutes . divide the dough in half , shape
into 2 loaves , and place in greased 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pans . cover
and let rise until almost doubled in bulk . toward the end of rising ,
preheat the oven to 375f . bake the loaves 40 minutes until browned
and hollow-sounding when tapped . turn out and cool upright on a wire
rack before cutting .

makes 2 loaves

yield : 2 servings




pumpkin harvest loaf

breads

1 3/4 cup pumpkin
1/2 cup egg substitute*
2 each egg whites
1/4 cup canola oil
1 cup sugar
2 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking soda

* egg substitute-egg beaters or homemade egg substitute mm # 7 preheat
oven to 350 . beat together pumpkin , egg substitute , egg whites and
oil . add sugar , flour , baking powder , baking soda and cinnamon .
combine all ingredients and pour into a 9-by-5-inch loaf pan that has
been sprayed with non-stick spray , then floured . bake 60 minutes or
until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean . lemon glaze :
1/2 c powdered sugar
3 t freshly squeezed lemon juice
1/2 t lemon rind if a glaze is desired mix the ingredients and
pour over warm bread while in pan . let cool slightly and remove from
pan . dust with powdered sugar .

yield : 16 servings




pumpernickle bread

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/4 cup warm water
2 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup molasses
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 tablespoon shortening
2 cup whole rye flour ( 100 % )
2 1/4 cup white flour
2 teaspoon cornmeal
1 egg white
3/4 teaspoon caraway seed

dissolve yeast in water . add salt , molasses , caraway seed and
shortening . stir place rye flour and 2 c white flour in small bowl ,
blend using large spoon . gradually add flour to liquid mixture . use
hands to blend in flour at end . add remaining 1/4 white flour , if
necessary to make dough easy to handle . knead 5-8 minutes on floured
work surface until elastic and not sticky . place in greased bowl ,
cover and let rise 1-1 1/2 hours . punch down , divide in two and place
on floured surface . shape each piece into long narrow loaf , about 14
inches long and 1 1/2 inch diameter . lightly grease inside of french
bread pan . sprinkle cornmeal in each section . shake pan to
distribute . place loaves in pan . make sure loaves do no come any
closer than 1 1/2 inch to ends of pan . with sharp knife , make 3-4
diagonal 1/4 '' deep slashes on the top of each loaf . brush with egg
white , and sprinkle with let over caraway seed . do not cover ! let
rise 30 minutes to double . bake in preheated 350 f oven for 30-35
minutes . remove from pan at once

yield : 2 servings




puffed cinamon-apple pancake

breads , brunch

8 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 large green apples ; peeled , cored , and thinly
4 eggs
1 cup flour
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 powdered sugar

preheat oven to 425 degrees . in a skillet , melt butter over
medium-high heat . stir in the sugar and cinnamon . add the apples .
cook , stirring , until apples are translucent , about 5 minutes . place
the pan in the oven while you prepare the batter . beat the eggs . add
the flour and milk . beat until smooth . pour the batter evenly over
the apples in the pan . bake , uncovered , until pancake is puffy and
golden , about 15 minutes . sift powdered sugar over the pancake . cut
into wedges . serve immediately . cinnamon and tart apples make this
breakfast opener extra delicious . source : san francisco encore
cookbook reformatted for mealmaster by : cygnus , hcpm52c

yield : 8 servings




savory corn meal wafers

breads , crackers

2 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 cup butter , softened
1/4 cup milk
1 teaspoon prepared mustard
3/4 cup corn meal
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon dill week
1 tablespoon toasted sesame seed
1 tablespoon poppy seed
1 dash paprika

beat together cheese , butter , milk and mustard until well blended .
add corn meal and flour ; mix well . * divide dough in half . shape each
half to form 7-1/2 inch log . refrigerate , tightly covered , at least 2
hours . heat oven to 375 degrees . lightly grease cookie sheet . slice
each log into 1/8 inch slices ; place on prepared cookie sheet .
sprinkle lightly with dill weed , toasted sesame seed , poppy seed or
paprika , as desired . bake about 10 minutes or until edges are light
golden brown . remove from cookie sheet ; cool completely on wire
cooling rack . store in loosely covered container . makes about 5
dozen . *variation : at this point , dough may be forced through cookie
press onto lightly greased cookie sheet forming desired shapes .
proceed as recipe directs for toppings and baking instructions .

yield : 12 servings




amish friendship bread

breads , gift

3 eggs
2/3 cup oil
2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 teaspoon vanilla essence

day 1 : starter cup day 2 , 3 , 4 : stir well day 5 : add 1 cup each of
milk , sugar , flour day 6,7,8,9 : stir well day 10 : add 1 cup each of
milk , sugar , flour

then take out 3 cups - keep 1 sup for your next batch , give away 2
cups .

to the remainder of the batch , add the ingredients listed above , and
pour into greased and lined tins , half-filling them . bake in a
moderate oven 35 minutes , or until done .

you can add 1 cup nuts , crushed pineapple , sultana , coconut , grated
apple or whatever takes your fancy .

ps : keep starter cup unlidded and in a large container , as it rises
quite a lot on a hot day . i cover mine with a tea-towel .

shared by : mike kear

yield : 4 servings




chocolate chunk coffee cake

breads , desserts , snacks , chocolate

1 pkg ( 4 oz ) baker 's german 's sweet choco ; late , chopped
1/2 cup chopped nuts
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cake :
1 3/4 cup all purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon calumet baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup ( 1/2 pint ) sour cream or yogurt ( pl ; ain )
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) margarine or butter , soft ; ened
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla

from : baker 's chocolate cookbook

nut layer :

heat oven to 350 .

mix chocolate , nuts , 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon ; set aside . mix flour ,
baking powder and salt ; set aside . combine sour cream and baking
soda ; set aside .

beat margarine and 1 cup sugar in large bowl until light and fluffy .
add eggs , one at a time , beating well after each addition . add
vanilla . add flour mixture alternately with sour cream mixture ,
beginning and ending with flour mixture . spoon 1/2 the batter into
greased 9-inch square pan . top with 1/2 the chocolate-nut mixture ,
spreading carefully with spatula . repeat layers .

bake for 30 to 35 minutes or til cake begins to pull away from sides
of pan .

cool in pan ; cut into squares .

preptime : 30 minutes .

bake time : 30 to 35 minutes .

yield : 6 servings




monkey bread

breads

1 frozen bread
1 melted butter

thaw bread overnight in the refrigerator . cut bread into 1 '' slices .
spread slices with fingers . dip slices into melted butter and layer
them into a bundt pan . set aside to rise - about 2 hours . bake ina
preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes .

taken from : it never turns out the same way cookbook a collection of
recipes from the kitchen of joyce & clem kohl kook-net : the improv
bbs kook-net hub ( 602 ) 991-4849

yield : 1 servings




breadstick dippers

appetizers , breads

2 1/4 cup flour ; divided
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup skim milk
1/4 cup reduced-calorie margarine
1 melted .

preheat oven to 425 degrees . into medium mixing bowl sift together 2
c flour , the sugar , baking powder ; and salt ; add milk and , using a
wooden sppon , mix to form dough . using 2 t of the reamining flour ,
lightly flour work surface ; turn dough out onto floured surface and
knead , adding remain9ing 2 t flour as needed , until dough becomes
smooth and elastic , about 5 minutes . using rolling pin , roll dough
into 12x8 '' rectangle , about 1/2 `` thick . cut dough in half
lengthwise ; cut each half crosswise into 18 equal slices . dip dough
slices into margarine ; being sure to use all of the margarine ; place
dough slices on baking sheet , leaving a space of about 1 inch between
each . bake until golden brown , 10 to 15 minutes . makes 12 servings of
3 sticks each . one serving=1 bread ; 1/2 fat ; 15 cal optional
exchange . 114 calories ; 3 g protein ; 2 g fat ; 20 g cho , 65 mg
calcium ; 306 mg sodium ; 0.4 mg chol .

yield : 12 servings




nargisi puri

breads , indian

1 1/2 cup flour , all purpose ; 175 g
2 tablespoon ghee ; or oil salt
2 each eggs ; boiled , peeled & mashed
2 medium potatoes ; boiled , peeled & mashed
1 tablespoon mint , fresh ; or fresh coriander ( cilant
1 each green chili ; seeded & chopped warm wat
1 ghee ; or oil for deep frying

knead together mashed eggs , potatoes , coriander , chili and 1 tsp salt
and divide into 8 portions . sieve flour and 1 tsp salt . rub into 2
tbsp ghee or oil . mix well for 10 minutes . slowly add warm water .
knead to a soft dough . divide the dough into 8 equal parts and shape
into balls . roll each ball out a little . place one portion of egg
micture in centre of each ball . fold it over and pinch the ends . now
roll out each into a round puri 4 '' ( 10 cm ) diameter . do not make it
too thin or the stuffing will come out . heat oil in a frying pan ,
deep fry one at a time until the colour turns golden . serve hot with
plain yogurt . cooking time : 25 minutes

yield : 8 puri




raisin scones

breads , breakfast

3 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
4 teaspoon cream of tartar
2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon ( 3/4 stick ) well-chilled butter or ; margarine
1 cup golden raisins
5 tablespoon sugar
1 cup ( about ) milk
1 unsalted butter
1 strawberry jam

makes about 25

all purpose flour

preheat oven to 425 f. lightly flour baking sheet . combine 3 1/4 cups
flour , cream of tartar , baking soda and salt in large bowl . cut in
butter using pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles
coarse meal . stir in raisins and sugar . mix in enough milk to form
soft but not sticky dough . turn dough out onto lightly floured
surface and knead gently until dough holds together . roll dough out
to thickness of 1/2 inch . cut out rounds using 2-inch cutter ( push
straight down ; do not twist ) . arrange rounds on prepared sheet . dust
tops lightly with flour . bake scones until puffed and golden , about
10 minutes . serve immediately with butter and jam .

the old country gazebo - victoria , b.c . bon appetit

yield : 25 servings




whole wheat batter bread

breads , londontowne

8 cup whole wheat flour
4 tablespoon honey-molasses
3 tablespoon wheat germ
3 1/2 cup very warm water
3 tablespoon soya flour
3 cup corn oil
3 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon salt

this recipe is for 2 loaves of bread . if one loaf is desired , use 2
packages yeast instead of 3 and cut all other ingredients in half .
wheat germ and soya flour may be omitted .
put flour in oven to warm , at lowest heat . in a very large bowl ,
dissolve yeast in 3/4 cup of very warm water . add honey to yeast .
coat loaf pans well with margarine and flour . add oil , 2-1/2 cups
warm water , and 2t salt yeast . add about 4c flour mixture and beat at
medium speed for 2 minutes . gradually add more flour , beating well .
dough should be sticky - if runny , add more flour . put in pans ,
smoothing top and making sure dough is pushed into corners . cover
with hot , wet towel and let rise in warm place . check bread in about
20 minutes and keep checking to be sure dough does n't rise over lip
of pan . when dough has risen almost to lip of pan , bake at 450
degrees for about 40 mins . remove from pan immediately and cool on
rack . mrs. william w. laviolette

yield : 1 servings




potato sponge bread

breads , penndutch

4 medium potato
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup yeast
1 *dissolved in :
1/2 cup water , lukewarm
4 cup flour , bread

pare and boil the potatoes and while hot , mash finely and rub through
a sieve or colander . add the sugar , salt and dissolved yeast cake .
stir flour into the mixture , beating well . add more flour to form
soft dough . turn onto a floured board and knead . return to bowl ,
cover and let rise over night . in the morning , form into loaves , let
rise until light and bake at 350-f for 45 to 50 minutes .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




chocolate apple bread

breads , apples

-- -- topping -- --
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup chopped walnuts or pecans
-- -- bread -- --
4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 cup butter , softened
2 cup sugar
4 eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup buttermilk
3 cup coarsely chopped apples
1 cup chopped walnuts
12 oz semi-sweet chocolate chips

topping : in cup , combine sugar , cinnamon and walnuts ; set aside .

bread : 1 . preheat oven to 350'f . grease two 9x5x3 '' loaf pans . in small
bowl , combine flour , salt , baking powder , baking soda , cinnamon and
nutmeg ; set aside . 2 . in large bowl , beat butter and sugar until
creamy . add eggs and vanilla extract ; mix well . gradually beat in
flour mixture alternately with buttermilk . stir in apples , walnuts ,
and chocolate chips . pour into prepared pans . sprinkle with topping .
3. bake 50-60 minutes until cake tester inserted in center comes out
clean . cool 15 minutes ; remove from pans . cool completely . makes 2
loaves .

yield : 16 servings




filled berlin doughnuts ( bismarks )

breads , desserts

1 pkg active dry yeast ; or
1 tablespoon active dry yeast ; bulk
1/4 cup warm water ; ( 110-115 deg f )
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup butter or regular margarine
1 tablespoon orange juice
2 teaspoon rum extract
1 cup milk ; scalded
1 unbleached flour ; *
2 eggs ; lg , well beaten
1 fat for deep frying ; **
1 jam or jelly

* use up to 4 cups of unbleached flour in this recipe . ** heat the
fat to 375 degrees f. for frying the doughnuts . soften the yeast in
the warm water and let stand for 5 minutes or until it `` blooms '' or
proofs . put a half cup of sugar , the salt , butter , orange juice and
rum extract in a large bowl . pour the scalded milk over the
ingredients in the bowl .
stir until the butter is melted . cool to lukewarm .
when cool , blend in 1 cup of the unbleached flour and beat until
smooth . stir in the yeast and add about half of the remaining flour ,
beating until smooth .
beat in the eggs . then beat in enough of the remaining flour to
make a soft ( should be slightly sticky and light in weight ) . turn the
dough out onto a lightly floured board and let rest for 5 to 10
minutes . knead until smooth and elastic ( about 8 to 10 minutes ) . form
into a ball and put into a greased bowl , turning to grease the top of
the ball of dough .
cover and let rise in a warm draft free place until doubled in bulk .
punch the dough down , kneading lightly to remove all of the air
pockets , and turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface . roll
to 1/2-inch thickness . cut the dough into rounds using a 3-inch
biscuit or cookie cutter . cover with waxed paper and let rise on the
rolling surface away from drafts and direct heat , until double in
bulk , ( 30 to 45 minutes ) . about 20 minutes before frying , heat the
fat . fry the doughnuts in the heated fat . put only as many doughnuts
at one time as will float uncrowded in a single layer deep in the
fat . fry 2 to 3 minutes or until lightly browned ; turn the doughnuts
with a fork or tongs , being careful not to pierce the doughnut , when
they rise to the surface . do this several times during the cooking .
lift from the fat , draining for a few seconds over the fat before
removing to absorbent paper toweling . cool . cut a slit through the
center in the side of each doughnut .
force about 1/2 ts of jam or jelly into the center and press lightly
to close the slit . ( a pastry bag and tube may be used to force the
jelly or jam into the slit . ) shake 2 or 3 bismarks at one time in a
bag containing granulated or powdered sugar . ( your choice . ) shake
lightly to remove the excess sugar .

yield : 12 servings




cato 's cheese bread

breads

1 cup feta cheese , drained ,
1 crumbled , and packed into
1 the measuring cup
1/2 cup unbleached , all-purpose
1 flour
1 egg , beaten
6 bay leaves
2 tablespoon honey

1 ) put the cheese into a medium sized mixing bowl . mash well with
the fingers until it becomes a smooth , lumpless paste . add the flour
and mix well with the fingers . add the beaten egg and mix well . the
dough will be rather sticky .

2 ) divide the dough into two equal parts , then form two round ,
flat , 1/2 inch thick loaves . lay each on three bay leaves set on a
greased baking sheet , and bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for 1
to 1-1/2 hours , or until cooked through .

3 ) remove the loaves from the oven , spread the tops with the
honey , and let cool . remove the bay leaves before serving . note : if
feta cheese is unavailable , use 1 cup cottage cheese and add 1/4 cup
extra flour ( but the taste is inferior ) .

yield : 2 servings




jamaican banana bread custard

breads , desserts , fruits

5 tablespoon butter
2/3 cup granulated sugar
12 slice dry bread , no crust , broken
1 into 3/4 inch pieces
1 lb ripe bananas
2 tablespoon dark jamaican rum
3 tablespoon apricot preserves
3 oz eagle brand condensed milk
8 egg yolks
6 whole eggs
2 1/2 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

preheat oven to 350 degrees . butter the bottom of an 8 inch square
baking pan with 1 tablespoon of butter and sprinkle with 2
tablespoons of sugar . place the bread pieces in the bottom of the
pan . dot with the remaining butter and sprinkle with 1/4 cup sugar .
slice the bananas lengthwise into halves . place on top of the bread
and sprinkle with the rum . spread the apricot preserves evenly over
the bread and banana mixture . ladle condensed milk over the bread . in
a medium sized bowl , whisk together the egg yolks and whole eggs .
heat the milk and remaining sugar until the mixture begins to simmer .
pour the milk slowly into the eggs , stirring constantly until well
blended . pour over the bread and banana mixture . sprinkle with
cinnamon and nutmeg . place a heavy platter or cutting board over the
pan to weigh down the mixture . allow to sit for 15 minutes . bake in
the preheated oven for 25-30 minutes or until an inserted knife comes
out clean . from `` tropic cooking/by joyce lafray young '' / typed by
diane newbury recipe is credited to henry towle a chef in coral
gables , fl .

yield : 8 servings




english muffin in a loaf ( 2 loaves )

breads

2 cup milk
1/2 cup water
2 3/4 cup flour
1/4 cup cornmeal
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 teaspoon baking soda

heat until very warm ( 120-130f ) the milk and water . combine the other
ingredients in a large bowl . add hot liquids to dry mix ; beat well ;
stir in 3 cups flour to make stiff batter . spoon into 2 bread pans ,
greased and sprinkled with cornmeal and sprinkle tops . cover . let
rise in a warm place 45 minutes . bake 400f for 25 minutes . remove
from pans immediately and cool . ( i rub top crust with oleo . ) slice ,
toast and enjoy .

yield : 2 servings




yoghurt sourdough starter *

breads

1 cup low fat milk
2 tablespoon natural plain yoghurt
1 cup white flour

heat milk to 100f on thermometer . remove from heat and stir in
yoghurt . pour into scalded glass jar or bowl , cover with plastic and
place in a warm location for 18 hrs . consistency will be like thin
yoghurt . stir in flour until well blended , cover again with plastic
and pierce with fork to release gases . place in a warm draft-free
location at an even 85f for 2 days ; stir several times each day . it
should have a strong sourdough smell and show bubbles . refrigerate
until ready to use . when replenishing starter , add lukewarm milk
instead of water .

yield : 1 servings




raisin log

breads

1 portion four-way sweet bread dough
2 tablespoon canned milk
1 cup golden or dark raisins
3 tablespoon vanilla sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1 topping :
3 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1 teaspoon cornstarch

* use grated raw potato starter roll the dough into a rectangle with
the width equal to the length of the pan ( medium size loaf ) and about
twice as long . brush with canned milk . scatter raisins over surface .
mix vanilla sugar , cinnamon and allspice together and sprinkle on
evenly . ( if vanilla sugar is not available , dribble 1 tsp . of vanilla
extract over dough . ) roll up tightly but do not seal ends . place
seam-side down in pan . butter top generously and push sharp pointed
knife down through the dough almost to bottom at regular intervals to
allow air bubbles between layers to escape . set in warm place to rise
and when ready for the oven , spread with the well-mixed topping ( the
cornstarch will help to bind the topping to the crust so that it will
not crack off badly when sliced ) . bake in oven preheated to 350 for
50 to 60 minutes . cool before slicing .

from : breads and coffee cakes with homemade starters shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 6 servings




quick rye-batter buns

breads

3 cup flour
2 pkg quick-rising yeast
2 cup milk
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
3 tablespoon cooking oil
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 eggs
1 tablespoon caraway seed
2 cup rye flour
1 milk
1 caraway seed ( optional )

1 . in a large mixer bowl , combine the flour and yeast .

2 . in a saucepan , heat the 2 c milk , brown sugar , oil and salt until
warm ( 120-130 degrees ) , stirring constantly . add to the flour
mixture . add the eggs and the caraway seed . 3 . beat the batter with
electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds , scraping sides of bowl .
beat the batter on high speed for 3 minutes . return to low speed and
beat in rye flour . 4 . fill the greased muffin pans half full . cover
and let the dough rise until double , about 25 minutes . 5 . bake in 400
degree oven for 10 minutes . brush the buns with milk . sprinkle the
tops with caraway seed , if desired . bake for 5 to 10 minutes more or
until done . remove the buns from the pans ; cool . makes about 24 . judy
lausch.-dgsv43a , from *prodigy 's food and wine bulletin board .

yield : 24 servings




english wigs

breads , holiday , british

2 tablespoon yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup margarine , melted
1 3/4 cup warm milk
1 egg , beaten
2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon cloves
1/8 teaspoon mace
6 cup flour
1 beaten egg for tops of buns
1 caraway seeds

dissolve yeast in lukewarm water . mix sugar , margarine , milk , beaten
egg , salt , nutmeg , cloves , and mace . add 3 cups of the flour and beat
until smooth . gradually add enough flour to make soft dough ( note
that 6 to 7 cups of flour can be used ) . turn out onto floured
surface and knead till smooth and elastic . place in greased bowl ,
cover and let rise till dough doubles in bulk . punch down . divide
dough in half . form 12 round buns and place on greased baking sheet .
repeat with other half of dough . cut a deep cross on each bun with
sharp knife . brush with beaten egg . sprinkle with caraway seeds .
cover and let rise till doubled . bake at 375 degrees for 20 minutes .

yield : 24 servings




olive oil & fennel bread sticks

breads

3/4 cup warm water
3/4 cup warm beer
1 pint dry yeast
3/4 cup olive oil ( good quality ! )
1 tablespoon fennel seeds
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 1/2 cup flour ( approx )
1 glaze :
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

i love the taste of fennel and extra virgin olive oil .

dissolve yeast in warm water and warm beer for 10 minutes or until
very foamy . add olive oil , salt and fennel seeds . mix in 3 1/2 cups
flour and knead until smooth and elastic adding more flour as needed
to prevent stickiness.place dough in oiled bowl , cover and let rise
double . punch down dough and divide into 12 balls and divide each
ball into 4 pieces . roll each piece into a long rope and place on
greased baking sheets at least 1 inch apart . brush with egg
glaze.bake immediately , 350 until golden about 30 minutes . note : i
also like to sprinkle on rosemary , anise or other seeds on the
dough.plus i make my bread sticks larger by dividing the 12 balls of
dough in 2 or 3 pieces instead of 4 . and i also like to brush on
extra virgin olive oil instead of the egg wash over the breadsticks
prior to baking them.then you have to turn them over during baking
and brush more oil on them to brown the other side . i like the taste
good olive oil gives !

yield : 3 dozen




chippewa indian fried bread

breads

2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup warm water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 tablespoon nonfat dry milk powder
1 vegetable oil ( for deep frying )
1 cinnamon sugar

makes 8

combine flour , baking powder and salt in large bowl . combine water ,
oil and dry milk powder and stir into flour mixture until smooth
dough forms . turn out onto lightly floured surface . knead 4 times
into smooth ball . cover and let rest 10 minutes .

divide dough into 8 balls . flatten with fingertips or roll out each
ball to form 8- to 10-inch round . make small hole in center of each
with finger or handle of wooden spoon . lightly flour rounds , stack
and cover with towel or plastic wrap . heat about 1 inch oil to 375 f
in large skillet . gently place 1 bread round in hot fat and cook
until golden and crisp , 1 to 2 minutes on each side . drain on paper
towels . repeat with remaining dough . serve bread hot or at room
temperature , sprinkled with cinnamon sugar .

bon appetit

yield : 8 servings




chocolate stuffed peanut butter scones ( randa

breads , desserts , chocolate

2 cup flour
1/2 cup lt brown sugar , firmly packed
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup unsalted butter , chilled
3/4 cup peanut butter , creamy
1/4 cup milk
2 large eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup unsalted peanuts , chopped
1 1/2 oz bittersweet chocolate , broken into ; 8 equal pieces

preheat oven to 375 degrees .

in a lg bowl , stir together the flour , brown sugar , baking powder , and
salt . cut the butter into 1/2-inch cubes and distribute them over the
flour mixture . with a pastry blender or two knives used scissors
fashion , cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs .
in a sm bowl , stir together the peanut butter mixture to the flour
mixture and knead until combined . knead in the peanuts .

pat the dough out into a 1/2-inch thickness on a cutting board . using
a floured 2-1/2 in . to 3-in . diameter crinkled round biscuit cutter ,
cut out rounds from the dough . gather the scraps togvether and repeat
until all the dough is used and there are 16 round . place 8 of the
rounds on an ungreased baking sheet . top each round with a piece of
the chocolate and one of the remaining circles of dough . press the
edges gently to seal . bake for 17-19 minutes , or until lightly
browned . remove the baking sheet to a wire rack and cool 5 minutes .
using a spatula , transfer the scones to the wire rack to cool . serve
warm or cool completely and store in an airtight container .

variation ( randy 's preference ) : make the dough as above , omitting
bittersweet chocolate , substituting 1/2 c unsalted peanuts for the
chopped peanuts and kneading in 3/4 c semisweet chocolate chips at
the same time . put the dough into a 9-inch diameter circle on a
baking sheet . with a serrated knife , cut into 8 wedges . bake 20-22
minutes , or until a cake tested or toothpick inserted into the center
of a scone comes out clean . cool as above and recut into wedges , if
necessary .

yield : 6 servings




beer bread # 2

breads

3 cup flour , unsifted
3 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon honey
12 oz beer

grease 9x5x3 '' loaf pan . combine flour , beer , and honey in large
bowl , stir together until well mixed . spread batter in prepared pan .
bake at 350f for 45 min or until browned and a wooden pick comes out
clean . turn out on rack . cool before slicing .

yield : 8 servings




streusel kuchen

breads , penndutch

1/2 cup potato , mashed
1/2 cup potato water
1/2 cup butter and other shortening , ixed
1/2 cup sugar
3 1/2 cup flour
1 cup yeast
1 *dissolved in :
1/2 cup water , lukewarm
2 egg , well beaten
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
1 *topping :
1 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg yolk , well beaten

mix together the mashed potatoes , potato water , shortening and sugar .
add to this about 3 1/2 cups flour and the dissolved yeast . set this
dough aside to rise in a warm place over night . the following morning
add the eggs , 1/2 cup sugar and 1 1/2 cups flour . allow this mixture
to stand in a warm place until light . then roll out pieces 6 by 8 by
1 inch thick and place in greased oblong pans . when cakes are ready
to be put into the oven , brush top of cake with melted butter . strew
over the tops of the cakes the topping mixture . this mixture should
be rubbed through a coarse sieve . bake at 400-f about 20 minutes .

source : pennsylvania dutch cook book - fine old recipes , culinary
arts press , 1936 .

yield : 1 servings




chocolate zucchini bread ( tdn )

breads , desserts

3 eggs
2 cup granulated sugar
1 cup vegetable oil
2 2-oz squares unsweetened baking cho ; colate , melted
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup grated zucchini
3 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup chopped walnuts

preheat oven to 350 degrees . grease two 9x5 inch loaf pans .

in large mixing bowl , beat eggs until light and fluffy
( lemon-colored ) ; beat in sugar and oil , until well blended . stir in
chocolate , vanilla and zucchini . soft togther flour , salt , cinnomon ,
baking power and soda ; fold into egg mixture , mixing thoroughly . fold
in walnuts .

spoon batter into prepared pans and bake 1 hour and 20 minutes .

turn out onto rack to cool .

assorted recipes from the detroit news , entered by diane pahl

yield : 10 servings




perfect italian white bread

breads , italian

1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup lukewarm water
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup milk ; hot
1/4 cup butter
5 cup enriched flour ; up to 6 cups

soften yeast in 1/4 cup of lukewarm water for a few minutes , then
stir until blended ; measure sugar , salt and butter into mixing bowl ;
pour milk over and stir , mashing the butter against the side of the
bowl until it is broken into small pieces ; add remaining water and
cool to lukewarm ; stir in 1 cup flour ; add yeast and 2 more cups
flour ; beat with a wooden spoon until batter is smooth and elastic ;
stir in 1 1/2 cups more flour , then with floured fingers , work in
enough additional flour to make a soft dough that does n't stick to
your fingers ; turn dough out onto a lightly floured board and knead
for 2 minutes , about 100 strokes ; shape dough into a ball and put it
in a bowl rubbed with butter , cover with a towel let dough rise until
double in size , about 1 1/2 hours ; punch down and turn it onto a
floured board ; cut in half and shape each half into a small ball ;
shape each ball into a loaf and put in a greased bread pan ; cover
pans with a towel and let rise until double in size , about 1 hour ;
bake in a preheat- ed 350f oven for 45 to 50 minutes , or until golden
brown ; cool on a cake rack . chuck in pok sunday 02:37 pm 12/19
c.ozburn on genie

posted on prodigy december 1993 , formatted by elaine radis , bgmb90b
on p* ; e.radis on genie

yield : 1 loaf




san francisco sour dough bread *

breads

-- -- patti vdrj67a -- --
-- -- starter -- --
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 cup water ; warm ( 105~-115~ )
2 cup all purpose flour
-- -- dough -- --
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 tablespoon water ; lukewarm
1 pinch sugar
1 1/2 cup water ; warm ( 105~-115~ )
1 cup starter
4 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup unsifted all purpose flour
1 tablespoon cornmeal

starter : in large bowl mix yeast with warm water and flour . beat until
smooth . cover and let stand at room temperature for 48 hours ,
stirring mix 4 times during the 2 days . dough : in a cup soften yeast
in warm water with a pinch of sugar for 5 minutes . pour 1-1/2 cups
warm water into mixing bowl . stir in the yeast mix and starter . stir
in flour , sugar and salt . mix vigorously for 3 minutes . turn into
greased bowl . cover . let rise in warm place until doubled . mix baking
soda with 1 cup remaining flour . add to dough . turn onto floured
board . knead , adding remaing flour little by little until smooth and
satiny . divide dough in half . shape into 2 loaves on a gresed and
cornmeal dusted baking sheet . cover . let rise until doubled . brush
loaves with water . slash diagonally with sharp knife . place a shallow
pan of hot water in bottom of oven . bake loaves at 400~ for about 45
minutes or until crust is golden . for a crisper crust , remove loaves
from oven after 35 minutes . brush with salted water . bake for another
10 minutes .

tip : store starter in refrigerator for future use . bring to room
temperature for 4 hours before using .

yield : 2 servings




naan ( indian flat bread )

breads , indian

1 cup flour
1 pkg yeast , dry
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup ; water , hot
1 cup buttermilk ; or yogurt
1 egg ; ( room temp )
2 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon honey ; or sugar
2 1/2 cup flour
1 butter ; melted ( opt )
1 ; garnishes *

* if desired , you can use cornmeal or sesame or poppy seeds on the
bread .

combine 1 cup flour , yeast , and salt in a mixing bowl . stir in water ,
buttermilk , egg , oil and honey . beat until smooth with an electric
mixer . stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft , sticky dough .
turn onto a floured surface , continue to work in flour until dough is
stiff enough to knead . knead until smooth and elastic , but still
soft ( 3 to 5 minutes ) . place in an oiled bowl ; turning once to coat
top of dough . cover ; let rise until double in bulk ( about 45
minutes ) . punch dough down . shape into 16 equal balls . let rest 5
minutes . roll out each ball to a 1/4-inch thick round . if desired ,
brush with melted butter and sprinkle with garnishes . set on baking
sheets . bake at 450 degrees f. for 5 to 8 minutes . note : there is no
second rising in this recipe so that you get flat loaves . submitted
by femina @ delphi.com on mon , 20 feb 1995 164024 gmt

yield : 8 servings




mini spinach turnovers

appetizers , breads , potatoes , ground beef , shellfish

1 pkg onion soup mix
2 eggs , beaten
10 oz frozen chpd spinach , cooked
1 drained
1 lb ricotta or cottage cheese
1 cup mozzarella cheese , shredded
3 pkg refrigerated cresent rolls

preheat oven to 375~f . in large bowl , combine onion recipe soup mix ,
eggs , spinach and cheeses . separate cresents according to package
directions ; cut each triangle in half to make 2 smalll triangles and
flatten slightly . place 1 tbls cheese mixture on each triangle ; fold
over and seal edges tightly with fork . place on ungreased baking
sheet ; bake 15 minutes or until golden . freezing & reheating : tightly
wrap turnovers in heavy duty foil ; freeze . to reheat , unwrap and bake
at 357~f on ungreased baking sheets for 8 minutes or until heated
through .

~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

recipe by :

from : pullenj @ eagle.mit.edu ( pullenj )

yield : 48 servings




spider corn cake

breads

2 1/2 cup milk , divided
2 teaspoon vinegar
2 eggs
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 2/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon butter or margarine , melted

preheat oven to 375 degrees f. in small bowl combine 1 cup of the
milk with vinegar to make sour milk ; set mixture aside . in medium
bowl beat eggs and sugar together . mix in sour milk , 1 cup fresh
milk , baking soda , and salt . stir in cornmeal and flour , mixing until
smooth . pour butter into 10 inch cast-iron skillet , tipping skillet
to coat bottom and sides . pour in batter . pour remaining 1/2 cup
fresh milk over top . bake 30-35 minutes until golden brown . cut into
12 wedges ; serve immediately . serves 12 .

per wedge : calories 156 , protein 5 g , carbohydrates 23 g , fat 5 g ,
dietary fiber 2 g , cholesterol 48 mg , sodium 266 mg .

source : *modern maturity , february-march 93 posted by : jim bodle 3/93

yield : 12 servings




no fry doughnut

breads

2 pkg active dry yeast
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 cup warm water
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon , if desired
1 1/2 cup lukewarm milk , scalded to cool
2 eggs
1/3 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
4 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt .

cinnamon sugar for dipping

in large mixer bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water . add milk , sugar ,
salt , spices , eggs , shortening , and 2 cups flour . blend 1/2 minute at
medium speed , scraping bowl occasionally . stir in remaining flour
until smooth , scraping sides of bowl , cover . let rise in warm place
until double 50 - 60 minutes .

turn dough on to well-floured cloth-covered board ; roll around
lightly to coat with flour . dough will be soft to handle . with
floured stockinette-covered rolling pin , gently roll dough about 1/2
inch thick . cut with floured 2-1/2 inch doughnut cutter . lift
doughnuts carefully with spatula and place 2-inches apart on greased
cookie sheet . brush doughnuts with melted butter . cover ; let rise
until double , about 20 minutes .

heat oven to 425 degrees . bake 8 to 10 minutes or until golden .
immediately brush with melted butter and shake in sugar or cinnamon
squares or spread with glaze . makes 1-1/2 to 2 dozen doughnuts .

cinnamon sugar : mix 1/2 cup sugar and 1/2 tsp . cinnamon . creamy
glaze : melt 1/3 cup butter . blend in 2 cups confectioners ' sugar and
1-1/2 tsp . vanilla . stir in 4 to 6 tbsp . water , one tbsp . at a time ,
until melted glaze is of proper consistency

yield : 1 servings




scones 3

breads

8 oz flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1 oz to 2 oz butter
1/4 pint milk

measure salt , cream of tartar and bicarbonate of soda and put with
flour . grease the baking tin . sieve dry ingredients you have mixed
together into the bowl . add the fat , cut into small pieces . rub the
fat into the mixture until it looks like fine breadcrumbs . measure a
quarter pint of milk . make a well in the mixture and gradually add
the milk , mixing with palette knife to form soft dough . turn the
dough out on to a floured board or clean kitchen table-top , and knead
it very lightly . when you have finished kneading the dough , form it
into a flat round , roughly 3/4 to 1 inch in thickness . cut into
rounds with cutter , and put them on to the greased tin . break egg
and beat it with fork . brush the rounds with the egg . bake in hot
oven ( 450f , mark 8 ) 8-10 minutes . cool scones on rack . good
housekeeping look and cook 1962

yield : 1 servings




best cranberry muffins

breads

1/4 cup butter
1 1/2 cup unsifted flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
1 large egg
1/2 cup milk
1 cup fresh cranberries
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon

stir flour to aerate . mix the 2 tablespoons sugar with cinnamon .
coarsely chop cranberries with knife .

generously butter a 12 cup muffin pan .

in a small saucepan or skillet , melt butter ; set aside to cool .

in a medium mixing bowl , with a fork , thoroughly stir together the
flour , baking powder , salt and sugar .

in a small mixing bowl beat egg enough to combine yolk and white ;
beat in milk and melted butter . add to flour mixture ; stir quickly
and lightly just until flour is almost dampened . add cranberries ;
lightly stir in ; do not beat .

using a large metal spoon , spoon batter into prepared muffin-pan
cups , filling each slightly more than half full . sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon
cinnamon-sugar over batter in each cup .

bake in a preheated 375~ oven until golden brown and a cake tester
inserted in the center comes out clean - 20 to 25 minutes .

if muffins are to be held 10 to 15 minutes before serving , tip them
in the pan to prevent steaming and keep in a warm oven . to reheat
cold muffins , place them in a covered pan or a closed paper bag in a
preheated 350~ oven for 10 minutes .

yield : 12 servings




marble scones - country cooking

breads , chocolate

4 cup unsiftcd all-purpose flour
1/3 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2/3 cup butter
1 1/3 cup buttermilk
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 1-oz squares semisweet chocolate , m ; elted

1 . heat oven to 425'f . grease large baking sheet . in large bowl ,
combine flour , sugar , baking powder , salt , and baking soda . with
pastry blender or 2 knives , cut the butter in until mixture resembles
coarse crumbs . remove 1 1/4 c flour mixture to medium-size bowl . 2 .
in small bowl , combine buttermilk and vanilla . in cup , combine 1/4 c
buttermilk mixture and the chocolate . add remaining buttermilk
mixture to remaining flour mixture in large bowl and mix lightly with
fork until it clings together and forms a soft dough . add chocolate
mixture to the reserved 1 1/4 c flour mixture in medium-size bowl and
stir with fork until it forms a soft dough . 3 . turn both doughs out
onto lightly floured surface ; divide chocolate dough into 6 pieces .
dot 3 chocolate pieces over surface of plain dough . fold plain dough
over and dot with remaining 3 pieces chocolate dough ; knead 5 or 6
times to marbleize dough . divide dough in half . with lightly floured
rolling pin , roll one half of dough into a 7-inch round . cut into 4
wedges . repeat with remaining half of dough . 4 . place scones , 1 inch
apart , on greased baking sheet . pierce tops with tines of fork . 5 .
bake scones 15 to 18 minutes or until golden brown . serve warm .

yield : 8 scones




jalapeno breadsticks

appetizers , breads

1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1/2 medium onion ; chopped medium fine
1 cornmeal
2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
6 jalapeno chiles ( fresh or canned ) ; seeded , and chopped
1 cup buttermilk
3 1/2 cup bread flour

saute onion in butter over medium heat until lightly browned . remove
from heat and set aside . lightly grease three large baking sheets and
sprinkle them with cornmeal . sprinkle yeast over warm water in a
mixing bowl . let stand until yeast is dissolved , then stir in sugar ,
salt , chopped jalapenos , sauteed onion , buttermilk and 2 cups of the
flour . beat mixture well . stir in enough of the remaining flour to
make dough easy to handle . turn dough out onto a lightly floured
surface ; knead about 5 minutes . place in a large greased bowl , cover ,
and let rise in a warm place until double , about 1-1/2 to 2 hours .
punch down dough and divide into 4 equal parts . on a floured surface ,
roll out one part dough to form an 8 '' x 8 '' square . using a knife or
pizza cutter , cut the square into 8 equal strips . place the strips
onto prepared baking sheet . repeat with remaining portions of dough .
let rise uncovered ( 1 hour or more for light , airy breadsticks ; 30
minutes for a denser , chewier texture ) . bake in a preheated 400f
oven for 10 to 12 minutes , or until golden brown .

yield : 32 servings




monkey yeast bread

breads

1 1/4 oz package dry yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup shortening
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/2 cup boiling water
3 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 stick margarine

mix lukewarm water & yeast . set aside . mix boiling water &
shortening . let cool . then add yeast mixture , salt , sugar , & egg .
stir . add flour & mix well . cover & set in warm place until risen
double . turn out on a well-floured surface & knead just enough to
roll out 1/2-inch thick . cut dough into 2-inch strips . melt the 1/2
stick margarine & dip each strip into it . layer strips in a lightly
greased tube pan , cover & let rise until double . bake in pre-heated
oven at 350 degrees until brown .

~-

yield : 1 servings




orange cranberry muffins

breads , breakfast , bbs

1 orange ( i use a large navel
1 _orange with thick rind )
3/4 cup dried cranberries
1 egg
3/4 cup milk
2/3 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 tablespoon flour
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/8 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt

the night before : grate the orange rind . squeeze the juice from the
orange . mix the rind , juice , and cranberries in a bowl and
refrigerate overnight .

the next day : preheat oven to 400 degrees . mix the egg , milk and
vegetable oil in a small bowl . sift together the flour , sugar , baking
powder , and salt in a large bowl . add the cranberries ( with the juice
and rind ) to the flour mixture . add the liquid mixture to the dry
mixture . the batter will be runnier than most muffin batters -- but
that 's the way it should be . fill 12 greased muffin cups ( or use foil
baking cups to line the muffin cups ) with the batter and bake for
25 minutes .

these muffins are very moist and tasty . the rather strange
measurements of flour and sugar are the result of my reducing the end
result from 4 dozen muffins to
1 dozen .

from : april roche date : 11-02-93 from : nancy
coleman date : 08-28-94

yield : 12 servings




newfoundland molasses buns

breads , grains

1/2 cup butter
1 well-beaten egg
1 tablespoon milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup molasses
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 cup flour
1 cup diced pork
1 teaspoon soda

cream butter & sugar . add egg and vamilla and molasses . sift
together dry ingredients with milk . bake in cup cake pans at 350f for
15-20 minutes . raisins may be added if desired .

yield : 1 servings




soup toasts iii ****npfn03a

breads , soups

1 any of the below

gluten wafers : stir 3/8 t salt into 3/8 c cream . stir in 1 c gluten
flour , or enough to make a very stiff dough . knead dough until it is
smooth . roll out as thin as possible and cut into strips . prick each
strip several times with a fork . arrange wafers on well buttered and
floured pans and bake at 475 until they are well puffed . oatmeal
squares : sift 1 1/4 c flour in a bowl with 12 t each ( can that be a
typo ? that 's what the magazine says ! ) baking powder and salt . with 2
knives or a pastry blender cut 1/4 lb butter into dry ingred . add 1 t
sugar and 1 c + 3 t rolled oats . stir in 1 egg beaten with 2 t cold
water or enough to makea rather stiff dough . roll dough out on
lightly floured board , about 1/4 '' thick . cut into squares . bake on
buttered baking sheets at 350 about 20 min . or until golden . water
biscuits : sift 1 c flour into bowl with 1/2 t baking powder and 1/8 t
salt . with fingertips work 2 t butter into ingrdients until it is
consistency of dry meal . stir in enough water to make firm dough .
roll out on lightly floured board about 1/4 '' thick . cut with floured
biscuit cutter into rounds . with lightly floured rolling pin roll
each round into very thin ovals or rounds , prick with fork . bake on
baking sheet at 475 until well puffed and golden . the last from the
july 1963 `` gourmet '' . heather smith near l.a. 'u '

yield : 1 servings




ro*tel cornbread

breads

3/4 cup white cornmeal
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3 tablespoon flour
1/4 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable shortening ; melted
1 cup buttermilk
1 egg ; beaten
1 jalapeno ; finely chopped
10 oz ro*tel tomatoe w/green chili

mix all ingredients together . bake at 425 degrees for 25 to 30
minutes . this recipe comes from a book `` snake , rattle , and ro*tel . ''

yield : 8 servings




carrot muffins ( no fat )

breads

1 1/2 cup carrots ; grated
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon cloves
1 teaspoon orange peel
2 eggs
4 tablespoon raisins
1 teaspoon vanilla
6 tablespoon flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
2/3 cup powdered milk
1 amount of brown sugar twin to equa ; l 20 tsp . sugar

mix all ingredients . spray muffin tin with pam . divide equally . bake
at 350 f. for 25 minutes . makes 12 muffins which is two servings of
six ( yes 6 ) muffins each . for each six ( 6 ) muffins the following
counts apply : 1 bread , 1 fruit , 1 milk , 1 protein and 3/4 vegetable .
this is a no fat recipe . can substitute egg beaters for the eggs and
use equal instead of sweet and low . freeze well .

yield : 2 servings




irish breakfast scones

breads

1 1/2 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1/3 cup wholemeal flour
3/4 cup wheat bran
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoon soy margarine
2 tablespoon corn syrup
1 cup potato or soy milk

mix dry ingredients . add margarine and mix well . add the syrup and
enough milk to make a loose dough . turn onto a floured board and
knead until smooth . roll out into a square with a thickness of about
3/4 inch . cut dough in half , then into quarters and then to eights .
bake on a lightly floured baking sheet at 400f for approximately 20
minutes . cool on a wire rack . split and serve with whole fruit
preserves . total calories per serving-79 fat-2grams from the
vegetarian journal march/april 1993

--

yield : 16 servings




cheddar-olive bread

breads , vegetables , cheese

3 cup cheddar ; sharp , grated
3 oz pimento-stuffedolives ; sliced
1 cup mayonnaise
1 each french bread ; loaf , unsliced

mix the cheese , olives , and mayonnaise together . spread on the cut
surface of the french bread , which has been sliced horizontally .
bake at 350 degrees f for 20 to 30 minutes , then slice into thick
slices and serve hot .

yield : 6 servings




irish tea bread

breads

12 tablespoon strong tea
1 lb mixed dried fruit
6 oz soft brown sugar
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 oz butter ( melted )
9 oz all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda

servings : 4

the mixed fruit can include raisins , currants , and any other kind of
dried fruit you like ; chop any larger pieces down to about raisin
size . place the tea , mixed fruit and sugar in a bowl ; cover and leave
overnight . stir in the egg and melted butter . sieve the flour and the
bicarb together and fold them in . line the bottom of a large loaf pan
with baking parchment , and brush the whole inside of the pan with
melted butter . pour the mixture in and smooth the top . bake in a
preheated oven ( 360 f ) on the middle shelf for 1 1/2 hours . after
removing from the oven , leave in the pan for 2-3 minutes ; then turn
out of pan and cool on a wire rack .

yield : 4 servings




banana oat bars

desserts , breakfast , biscuits

1 1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup quick-cooking rolled oats
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup raisins
1 cup mashed ripe bananas ( about 2 med ; 3/4 lb total )
1/4 cup nonfat milk
2 large egg whites
1 teaspoon vanilla

in large bowl , stir together flour , oats , sugar , baking powder ,
cinnamon , soda , and raisins . add bananas , milk , egg whites , and
vanilla ; beat until lightly mixed .

spread batter in a nonstick ( or lightly oiled regular ) 9x13 '' pan .

bake in a 350'f . oven until cake is golden brown , just begins to pull
from pan sides , and springs back when lightly touched in center ,
35-40 minutes . serve warm or cool , cut into about 2 '' squares . store
as directed .

per piece : 75 calories ; 1.8 grams protein ; 0.3 grams fat ; ( 0.1 grams
saturated fat ) ; 17 grams carbohydrates ; 59 milligrams sodium ; 0.1
milligrams cholesterol .

yield : 24 servings




cheddar & bacon bread

breads

2 1/2 teaspoon yeast
3 cup bread flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/3 tablespoon butter
1 cup milk
-- -- add following 1st kneading -- --
2/3 cup shredded cheddar cheese
2/3 cup cooked , crumbled bacon

bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery , in
order . set `` baking control '' at 10 o'clock . select `` white bread '' and
push start . in hot & humid weather , use 1/8 c less water .

yield : 1 ounces




raisin soda bread

breads , irish

4 1/4 cup all-purpose flour ( up to 4 1/2 cups ; )
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 cup dark seedless raisins
2 cup buttermilk
1 butter
1 sugar

preheat the oven to 350f . grease a 9-inch black cast-iron skillet or
cake pan and dust with flour .

in a large bowl , mix 4 cups of the flour with the baking powder ,
baking soda , salt , sugar , and caraway seeds . add the raisins , mixing
them in with your fingers to make sure they are separated . add the
buttermilk to the bowl and mix with a fork until the mixture forms a
dough .

sprinkle about 1/4 cup more of the flour on a board or counter . turn
out the dough and knead for about 5 minutes , working in the flour
from the board and forming the dough into a smooth round loaf about 8
inches in diameter . ( if the humidity is high and the dough is very
sticky , you may need to add another 1/4 cup of flour to the board . )

press the dough evenly into the prepared skillet or pan and cut a
cross 1/2 inch deep across the top . bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes ,
or until the loaf sounds hollow when rapped on the bottom . remove
the loaf to a wire rack and rub the top with butter . sprinkle with
sugar . let the bread cool completely before slicing .

this irish bread tastes even better the second day and is
particularly good for breakfast .

makes one large loaf .

[ the redbook breadbook ]

posted by fred peters .

yield : 6 servings




piadini

breads , italian

3 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoon oliye oil
1/2 cup ( generous ) mixture of half milk , ha ; lf water

i 'm not much of a baker , but these recipes for an italian bread and
sauteed greens to stuff in it sounded good ...

mix flour , salt and baking powder in a large bowl . make a well in the
center and pour in the olive oil and a little of the milk-water
mixture . start to mix the dough with a fork , gradually adding the
rest of the liquid ; you probably will need extra water , depending on
the absorbency of the flour .

when the dough has come together and leaves the sides of the bowl
clean , form it into a rough ball and put it on a very lightly floured
surface . knead until it is smooth , about 10 minutes . let rest for 10
to 30 minutes , at your convenience .

when the dough has rested divide it into small balls , each about the
size of a plum . roll each ball out into a flat circle about 1/8-inch
thick . now put the heavy pan or bakestone on medium heat . let the pan
become hot enough to make a drop of water dance .

put the first piadina in the pan and press down with a wooden
spatula . let cook on one side for 20 seconds or so++when you lift it
to turn it over it should have whitened , and there will be the faint
beginnings of small brown scorch marks . repeat with the second side
and turn the bread 2 or 3 , times during cooking .

when the bread is ready it will have puffed up like a pocket bread and
should have small brown spots over its surface ; as soon as you have
achieved this effect , put the cooked piadina on a wire cake rack and
proceed with the next one .

serve hot , with slices of prosciutto , salami or cheese , and perhaps
olives , radishes or a little tomato for a quick lunch .

makes 10 to 12 breads .

from `` italian pizza and hearth breads . ''

from the san francisco chronicle , 8/10/88 .

posted by stephen ceideberg ; november 10 1992 .

yield : 10 servings




downhome cafe banana bread

breads , desserts

1/2 cup butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs , beaten
4 bananas , finely crushed
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 1/2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla

cream together butter and sugar . mash bananas . add lemon juice to
mashed bananas . beat eggs . add eggs and crushed bananas , to the
creamed butter and sugar . combine well . sift together flour , baking
powder , and salt . add to creamed mixture . add vanilla . pour into
greased loaf pan . bake at 350 degrees for 60 minutes . keeps well ,
refrigerated . yield 1 loaf .

yield : 1 servings




peach leaf starter

breads

1 quart fresh peach leaves , unpacked
3 cup water
3 baked potatoes , medium size
1/2 cup yellow corn meal
3 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt

bring water to rolling boil and steep peach leaves in it for 15
minutes . drain liquid and add enough water to make 3 full cups again .
this will have a rather unappetizing green color but do n't worry ! it
will disappear during the fermentation process . peel hot baked
potatoes and put through food mill or sieve . scald 1/2 cup corn meal
in 1 cup of the liquid until it reaches boiling point and thickens .
stir constantly so that it will not become lumpy . now combine all
ingredients in large mixing bowl ( do not use metal or plastic ) .
cover with cheesecloth and set in a warm place ( 80-85 ) until well
fermented . in warm humid weather this will take about 24 hours . in
cool dry weather a few more hours may be required for mixture to
become active . stir every few hours . when it is ready , pour into a
large glass jar . store in refrigerator at about 38 degrees . if
necessary stir down a time or two until it stops foaming . it is ready
for use when about 1/2 inch of clear liquid has risen to the top .
this will take about 2 days . stir well before using .

when this starter has been used down to about 1 cupful , add 3 cups
water , 3 medium sized baked potatoes , 1/2 cup corn meal scalded in 1
cup of the water , 3 tbsp . sugar and 2 tsp . salt prepared as for the
first time ( peach leaves are not needed ) . set in warm place until it
becomes very active in about 6 to 8 hours . store in refrigerator and
it will be ready for use the next day . a properly renewed starter
improves with age and , once one becomes accustomed to taking care of
it , it all becomes automatic . when , for some reason , it can not be
used about twice a week , stir it thoroughly every few days and add 1
tsp . sugar . scald jar and lid before filling each time .

from : breads and coffee cakes with homemade starter shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 6 servings




poulsbo bread

breads

1 from : gaye levy ** dtxt63a
1 1/8 cup water
3/4 cup 7 grain mix
2 1/4 cup bread flour
1/3 cup flour , whole wheat
2 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoon molasses
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoon powdered buttermilk
1 1/2 teaspoon yeast
1 1/2 tablespoon margarine or applesauce
1/2 cup sunflower seeds , optional

put all ingredients except sunflower seeds into pan . if using
sunflower seeds , set to `` mix '' cycle and add add beep .

yield : 1 servings




banana apple

breads

1/2 cup applesauce ; at room temp
2 egg whites ; whipped
3 tablespoon fat-free sour cream
1 cup bananas ; mashed
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 apples ; chopped
2 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup brown sugar ; packed
1/2 cup granulated sugar ; room temp
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon

prepare a pan ( s ) with cooking spray and flour . in a mixing bowl ,
combine applesauce , egg whites , sour cream , bananas , vanilla , and
apples . in another mixing bowl , combine flour , sugars , baking powder ,
baking soda , and cinnamon . mix wet ingredients with dry ingredients
just until moistened . pour into prepared pan ( s ) . bake about 1 hour
depending on pan size .

yield : 8 servings

preparation time : jo an




cranberry-nut bread ( prodigy )

breads

1 1/3 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sugar
1 orange ; grated peel only
6 tablespoon butter ; cut into 1 pieces
2 large eggs
1 orange ; juice only
1 1/4 cup fresh cranberries , chopped
1 cup walnuts or pecans , chopped

preheat oven to 350f . grease a 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan and line
with a strip of wax paper , greased ; or place 18 paper muffin cups in
muffin tins . mix together the flour , baking soda and salt . put the
sugar and orange peel in a bowl , food processor or mixer , along with
the butter , eggs and 1/2 cup of the orange juice . beat or process
until smooth . add the cranberries , nuts and the flour mixture ,
beating until just combined . pour into the pan or cups . bake 1 hour
for the loaf and 30 minutes for the muffins . remove from pan . cool on
a wire rack .

makes 1 loaf or 18 muffins

nathalie dupree

prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 18 servings




annie mae 's georgia date-pecan bread

breads

1/2 cup dates , dried , finely chopped
1 egg
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon butter , melted
2 cup flour , all-purpose , sifted
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup orange juice
1/4 cup water
1 cup pecans , chopped

soak dates for 2 hours in water , then drain and dry on paper
toweling . in a bowl , mix egg , sugar , and butter . sift flour with
baking powder , baking soda , and salt . add dry ingredients alternately
with orange juice and water , beginning and ending with dry
ingredients . stir in dates and pecans and beat until well blended .
pour mixture into a greased 9x5x3 '' loaf pan . bake in a preheated
350'f . oven for about 2 hours , or until bread tests done in the
center . unmold and cool on a rack . this keeps well and is excellent
fora morning coffee party .

yield : 1 servings




oatmeal-banana muffins

breads , fruits , quick bread , vegetarian , diabetic
nuts

3 cup whole wheat flour
3/4 cup rolled oats
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 tablespoon sugar
1 egg
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup lowfat milk
1 small banana , cubed
1/4 cup sunflower seeds , toasted

combine the flour , oats , baking powder , cinnamon , nutmeg and sugar
in a bowl . add the remaining ingredients and blend .

spoon into oiled muffin tins or paper muffin cups .

bake in a 375-degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes .

makes 12

one muffin = calories : 180 carbohydrates : 29 protein : 5 fat : 5
sodium : 91 potassium : 221 cholesterol : 23

exchange value : 1 bread exchange + 1 fruit exchange +
1 fat exchange

source : holiday cookbook , american diabetes association , isbn
0-13-024894-0 , by betty wedman , m.s. , r.d .

yield : 12 servings




beer bread # 1

breads

1 from : ncbk03b
3 cup self-rising flour*
3 tablespoon sugar
12 oz warm beer .

place in a greased and floured loaf pan . bake at 350 for 1 hour . * or
regular flour , 3 & half tsp . baking powder , and 1 & half tsp . salt
this is the only simple recipe i know and it happens to be the one
you want . i think this is one of the only breads you ca n't mess up on .

yield : 8 servings




nora mill buttermilk corn bread

breads

1 1/2 cup nora mill buttermilk cb mix
1 cup buttermilk
1 each egg
2 tablespoon liguid shortening

beat egg until light , add buttermilk and shortening . mix this
together , then add nora mill mix . blend until lumps are gone . pour
into well greased pan . bake at 450 degrees f. for 20-25 minutes or
until golden brown.

yield : 8 servings




phylis ' bread

breads

2 1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon dry yeast
3 tablespoon oil
6 cup whole wheat flour ( or less )
4 tablespoon honey or molasses
1 1/2 teaspoon salt

dissolve the yeast in warm water ( proof ) . add the oil and honey . mix
flour and salt . add the liquids and mix well with hands , adding a
little more flour if needed . cover and let rise until doubled ; about
1-1/2 hours . knead down . shape into two loaves . place in oiled loaf
pans . allow to rise again until nearly doubled . bake ten minutes at
400 degrees . reduce heat to 350 degrees and bake 20 minutes more .
cool on rack . this is a simple , delicious bread . it is easy to make
and works well for beginners as well as old hands . one cup cracked
wheat may be substituted for one cup of the flour . from the deaf
smith country cookbook .

yield : 1 servings




country apple muffins with streusel topping

breads

1 1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 cup uncooked quick rolled oats
1/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2/3 cup apple juice
1/3 cup milk
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup margarine , melted -- plus --
1 tablespoon margarine , melted
1 1/2 large peeled apples , chopped fine
1/2 cup currants
-- -- streusel topping -- --
1/3 cup uncooked quick rolled oats
1/4 cup all purpose flour
1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts
1/4 cup margarine

for muffins : combine dry ingredients in bowl . add apple juice , milk ,
melted margarine , egg and vanilla . mix thoroughly . stir in apples and
currants . fill paper muffin cups 3/4 full and top with streusel
topping and bake 18 to 20 minutes at 400 degrees .

for topping : combine dry ingredients , cut in margarine until crumbly .
put on top of muffins before baking .

formatted on september 18 , 1996 by jamie calton

yield : 1 batch




sparkling bread

breads

3 cup self-rising flour
1/3 cup sugar
1 1/2 cup blanc de noir sparkling wine
1 melted butter

from karen mach , chateau ste . michelle .

in a large bowl combine the flour , sugar and sparkling wine . cover
with plastic wrap and let stand in a warm place until it begins to
rise , about 30 minutes . place the dough in a buttered loaf pan and
let it continue to rise for another 30 minutes . drizzle melted butter
on top of the loaf . bake in a preheated 350 degrees f oven for 50 to
60 minutes or until golden brown .

makes 1 loaf .

from : serve with champagne by hilde gabriel lee with allen lee , ten
speed press , berkeley . 1988 . isbn 0-89815-274-7 shared by : karin
brewer , cooking echo , 3/93

yield : 1 servings




mort 's french toast w/ cream cheese *** bgmb9

breads , brunch

8 bread ; challa is best
4 oz cream cheese
4 eggs ; large
1/2 cup half and half ; or milk*
1/3 cup marmelade ; or jam of choice

*sometimes more ... howard made this just last month in honer of his
dad at jake 's in londonderry , vt . it is truly 'baaad'and mort
promised he would eat it only at the restaruant .

take all the ingredients except the bread and put through the blender
or fp . spray with pam ( at this point , who cares ) or butter a 8 ''
square pan . pour a bit of the batter in the bottom of the pan and put
4 slices down and pour about half the batter over the bread . then 4
more slices and the rest of the batter .

sprinkle with cinnamon and bake at 350 degrees for about 3/4 hour .
pour the batter at least 1 hour before baking and as much as
overnight . please refigerate . howard stuffed the bread with extra
chuncks of cream cheese ... .but why not fruit like apples or banana
slices ? ? ? ? you could add some brown sugar to the batter and a dash of
vanilla . we did n't , but served with vermont maple syrup . converted by
mmconv vers . 1.00

yield : 4 servings




honey whole wheat bread

breads

1/2 cup uncooked bulgur wheat
1 cup boiling water
2 pkg dry yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water ( 110~ )
1/3 cup nonfat dry milk
1/3 cup buckwheat honey , plus
1 tablespoon buckwheat honey , divided
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 1/2 cup whole wheat flour , divided
1 cup bread flour
1 vegetable cooking spray

combine bulgur wheat and boiling water in a large bowl
and let stand 30 minutes .

dissolve yeast in 1 1/2 cups warm water . add milk
powder , 1/3 cup honey , oil and salt ; let stand 5
minutes . add to bulgur mixture ; stir well . add 2 cups
whole wheat flour and bread flour ; beat at high speed
of electric mixer 5 minutes . cover and let rest 15
minutes .

stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour to form a moderately
stiff dough . turn dough out onto a lightly floured
surface . knead until smooth and elastic ( about 10
minutes ) ; add enough of the remaining whole wheat
flour , 1 tablespoon at a time , to prevent dough from
sticking to hands . place dough in a large bowl coated
with cooking spray , turning to coat top of dough .
cover dough , and let rise in a warm place ( 85~ ) , free
from drafts , 45 minutes or until doubled in bulk .

punch dough down and knead lightly 4 or 5 times .
divide dough in half , shaping each portion into a
ball . roll 1 portion into a 14x7 inch rectangle .
roll up dough , starting at short edge , pressing firmly
to eliminate bubbles ; pinch edges and ends to seal .
place dough , seam side down , in a loafpan coated with
cooking spray . repeat with remaining dough . cover
dough and let rise in a warm place 35 minutes or until
doubled in bulk .

uncover dough . bake at 375~ 35 minutes or until
loaves sound hollow .

posted on genie by : g.sturn [ bethie ]

yield : 1 servings




kolachkies

breads

1 lb butter , softened
8 oz cream cheese , softened
3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 egg , beaten
2 can solo filling ( apricot , poppyseed , r ; aspberry , almond , etc . )

source : natl cooking echo 19 jun 90

contributed to the echo by : debra heng originally
from : mom 's polish neighbor

well , i finally found that recipe i told you about ,
and another one that 's slightly different . neither is
anything like the ones i saw posted on the echo the
past few days . the first one is tried and true from my
mom 's polish neighbor . the second is from the folks
who make the solo filling .

marianne 's kolackies

cream butter and cream cheese together . add egg ,
vanilla ; then mix in the flour . cover and chill for a
few hours to overnight . roll out on lightly floured
board to 1/4 '' thickness and cut with round cookie
cutters . place them on a cookie sheet as you would
cookies . use thumb to make indentation in center of
each . fill with about 1 tsp of desired filling . bake
at 350 f until lightly golden , about 10-15 minutes
( guessing here , i just do it by sight ) .

makes enough for a whole house of hungry polish people
at christmas or easter time ! for ordinary folks ( as
justin wilson would quip ) , i 'd

yield : 6 servings




pampushky ( raised doughnuts with filling )

breads , christmas , russian

2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup ; water
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/4 cup milk
5 cup unbleached all-purpose flour ; up to 6 may be needed
1/4 lb butter ; 1 stick
1/2 cup sugar
2 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
1 teaspoon salt ; if using sweet butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 zest of one lemon
1 cup rose preserve or any dry fruit pres ; erve
1 powdered sugar ; as needed

combine the sugar and water , sprinkle with the yeast , and let stand
until soft . heat the milk to lukewarm , and add the milk and 1/4 cup
of the flour to the yeast mixture . beat well , cover and allow to rise
until light and bubbly , about 10 minutes . in another bowl , cream the
butter and sugar . beat eggs and egg yolks together , blending well and
combine with the sugar-butter mixture , beating thoroughly until the
eggs are pale white . grate a lemon on a fine grater until all of the
yellow color is grated off and add this ( the zest ) , vanilla , and the
yeast mixture to the butter-egg mixture . mix in 4 cups of flour . if
the dough seems a little loose , add a little more , but the dough
should be soft . knead , by hand , for about 10 minutes . replace in a
greased bowl , turning once to grease the top , and cover with a damp
towel , set in a warm place until double in bulk . punch down , knead a
few more times , and allow to rise again until the dough is doubled .
when doubled , divide the dough into 4 parts . on a lightly floured
surface , roll one part into a rectangle about 1/4-inch thick , turning
once or twice during the rolling to achieve a uniform thickness . dust
with flour sparingly . place 1 ts of rose preserve at evenly space
intervals on the dough , or with a 2 1/2-inch cutter , gently form
impressions and place the filling in each . roll another portion out ,
as above , to the same thickness , and gently cover the first ,
overlapping a little . ( filling will show through . ) cut circles with
the cutter . place them on a lightly floured cookie sheet and allow
rise until double in size . repeat until all of the dough is used ,
rolling out the scraps last . heat oil or shortening to 375 degrees f .
in a deep fryer or wide skillet . test the temperature by frying a
piece of bread ; it should bubble and turn golden quickly . the fat
should not be smoking . fry 5 or 6 pampushky at a time . do not crowd
as this lowers the temperature and the doughnuts will absorb too much
grease . when one side is golden , flip with a spoon to fry the other
side . dough will puff up in the frying . perfect pampushky are light
as air . drain on paper towels . when slightly cooled , sprinkle with
powdered sugar .

serve with tea .

yield : 10 servings




irish bread

breads , londontowne

1/4 lb butter
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 each eggs
1 cup milk
2 1/2 cup flour
1 cup raisins

cream butter and sugar . mix flour , salt , baking powder , and add to
butter mixture alternately with milk . add raisins . pour into 8 '' x 8 ''
pan . bake at 350 degrees one hour .
mrs. bernard mahon

yield : 1 servings




helen evans brown 's corn chili bread

breads , cheese

3 ears fresh corn
1 cup yellow cornmeal
2 teaspoon salt
3 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1 cup sour cream
3/4 cup melted butter
2 eggs , well beaten
1/4 lb gruyere or monterey jack
1 4-oz can peeled green chilis

finely dice the cheese and the chilis . scrape the kernals from the
corn cobs and combine with the remaining ingredients . pour into a
well-buttered 9-inch-square baking dish or 2 1/2-quart souffle dish .
bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour . serve with melted
butter or with the sauce from the main dish served with the bread .
this is paticularly good with roast pork or roast turkey.

yield : 10 servings




christopsomo tis kirias zinis

breads , holiday , greek

4 1/2 cup semolina flour
2 1/4 cup sugar
3 tablespoon freshly ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon freshly ground anise
1 tablespoon freshly ground coriander
2 teaspoon freshly ground cloves
3 oranges
6 tangerines
2 1/2 cup dried currants
1 cup golden raisins
1 cup olive oil , mild
-- -- starter dough -- --
4 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar hot water , just above body t ; emperature
4 cup all-purpose flour ; plus extra for kneading

make the flavoring addition first . combine the semolina flour , sugar ,
cinnamon , anise , coriander , and cloves in a bowl and add the finely
grated zests of the oranges and tangerines . squeeze some of the
oranges and tangerines . squeeze some of the oranges and tangerines
to obtain 1 1/4 cups juice . use half this juice to soak the currants
and raisins for a minimum of 1 hour , preferably overnight . put the
remaining juice in a pan with the olive oil . heat until almost
boiling . pour this into a bowl with the semolina and spice mixture
and stir . cover and leave overnight until needed . next day , combine
the dried yeast with the sugar and hot water in a cup . put the flour
in a bowl , making a well in the center . pour in the yeast mixture .
squeeze 2/3 cup more orange and tangerine juice , warm it , nad add .
work to a smooth dough , adding more water and warm juice if
necessary . put the dough into an oiled bowl , cover with a cloth , and
leave to rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size - about an
hour . punch down the dough in a bowl . combine the drained currants
and raisins with the semolina and spice mixture and , working with
your hands , combine with the dough . turn the dough onto a floured
surface and knead for 10 minutes , adding more flour if the dough is
sticky . divide the dough into three equal pieces . oil 3 loaf pans ,
each 1-1/2 quart capacity . shape each piece to fit the length of the
pan and fit them in , so the corners are well filled . cover with a
cloth and leave to rise in a warm place until almost double in size -
another hour . bake in an oven preheated to 350 f for 1 hour and 10
minutes or more ; the loaves should be rich brown color and make a
hollow sound when the unmolded bread is thumped on the bottom . leave
on a rack to cool . the bread will keep for at least 3 weeks .

yield : 3 servings




hot cross biscuits

breads

1 3/4 cup flour
1 cup oatmeal ; uncooked
2 tablespoon packed brown sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup margarine ; or butter
1/4 cup currants
1 teaspoon orange peel ; grated
3/4 cup buttermilk
1 tablespoon butter ; or margarine , melted
2 tablespoon oatmeal ; uncooked
1/3 cup powdered sugar
2 teaspoon buttermilk

heat oven to 450f . lightly grease cookie sheet . in a large bowl ,
combine first seven ingredients ; mix well . cut in margarine until
crumbly . stir in currants and orange peel . add buttermilk , just until
moistened . turn onto a lightly floured surface ; knead gently six to
eight times . roll dough to a 1/2 '' thickness . cut with a floured
biscuit cutter . gather dough scraps together ( do not knead ) ; re-roll
and repeat . place on a prepared cookie sheet . brush tops with melted
margarine and sprinkle with remaining oats . bake 10-12 minutes or
until light golden brown . for icing , mix powdered sugar and
buttermilk . drizzle icing on each biscuit in the shape of a cross .

source : medford mail tribune typed by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 1 dozen




light bread

breads

1 yeast cake
3 teaspoon sugar
1 pint warm water
2 medium potatoes
2 teaspoon salt
1 flour

dissolve the yeast in 1 cup of the water . cook the
potatoes , mash very fine and add yeast along with 1
teaspoon salt , 1 teaspoon sugar , and the rest of the
water . put in a jar and leave in a warm place to
rise . sift flour and mix in yeast mixture along with 1
more teaspoon salt and 2 teaspoons sugar . keep adding
flour until it makes a firm dough . let rise to double ,
knead and make into loaves . let rise one hour and
then bake at 350~ until it tests done .

posted on genie by : g.sturn [ bethie ]

yield : 1 servings




herb dumplings

breads

1 stephen ceideburg
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon chilled unsalted butter
2 tablespoon chopped parsley
2 tablespoon minced chives
1 large egg
1/3 cup milk

sift the flour , baking powder and salt into a mixing bowl .

cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal . stir in the
herbs .

beat the egg and milk in a small bowl .

add 3/4 of the egg mixture to the dry ingredients , mixing with a fork
to make a stiff dough . add the rest of the egg mixture if needed .

do not over mix or the dumplings will be tough .

cook the dumplings according to the instructions in the old-
fashioned pot roast recipe .

makes 15 to 18 small dumplings .

per dumpling : 45 calories , 1 g protein , 6 g carbohydrate , 2 g fat ( 1 g
saturated ) , 16 mg cholesterol , 73 mg sodium , 0 g fiber .

tom sietsema writing in the san francisco chronicle , 10/6/93 .

posted by stephen ceideburg

yield : 15 servings




spaetzle cheese noodles

breads , cheese , german

3 tablespoon butter or margarine
3 each onions ; sliced in small rings
3 oz emmenthaler cheese ; grated
1 teaspoon dry mustard
2 cup spaetzle noodles
2 tablespoon chives ; chopped

heat butter in frypan , add onions , and brown lightly . toss cheese
with dry mustard . add cooked noodles to cooked onions and cheese ; mix
well . place mixture in an ovenproof casserole . bake at 300 degrees f .
for 20 to 30 minutes or until hot and bubbly . sprinkle top with
chopped chives before serving .

yield : 4 servings




chocolate quick bread

breads , chocolate

2 oz unsweetened chocolate
1/3 cup sweet butter
2 eggs
1/3 cup honey
1 cup warm mashed potatoes ( in a pinch , u ; se instant )
1/4 cup rum , brandy or orange juice
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
1 1/2 cup unbleached white flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

makes one loaf .

preheat oven to 350f . melt the chocolate and butter together . in a
mixing bowl beat the eggs until light and thick . beat in the honey ,
potatoes , chocolate and butter , rum , vanilla and orange peel .

sift together the flour , baking powder and salt . combine with liquid
ingredients and fold together , until just mixed . pour batter into a
greased loaf pan and bake 50 to 55 minutes or until the top feels
springy . let it sit in its pan for 10 minutes before removing to cool
on a rack .

for a sweeter chocolate bread , use 2 oz . semi-sweet chocolate and 1/2
cup honey .

the garden way bread book from the collection of jim vorheis

yield : 6 servings




cucuzzara ( squash bread with tomatoes~ onions

breads , italian , bakery

3/4 cup olive oil
1 medium onion , cut in slices as thin - as p ; ossible
2/3 lb butternut squash , peeled & - diced
1 each red bell pepper , roasted & - cut in ; to strips
4 oz tomatoes , peeled , seeded & - diced
1 1/2 teaspoon dried yeast
1 1/2 cup warm water
13/16 cup durum flour biga
7 cup durum flour
1 tablespoon salt
1 red pepper flakes , optional

about 1 hour before you are ready to make the bread , warm 1/4 c olive
oil in a skillet & saute the onions over medium-low heat until they
are soft but still slightly crunchy . add the squash & pepper . cover &
cook for 20 minutes . add the tomatoes & cook another 3 to 5 minutes .
cool . stir the yeast into the water & let proof for 10 minutes . add
the biga & mix well . add the rest of the olive oil . stir in the
cooked vegetables . add the flour & salt slowly , mixing until the
dough comes together . knead with wet hands until the dough is form ,
velvet & elastic . place dough in an oiled bowl , cover & let rise
until doubled , about 3 hours . divide the dough into 4 pieces & shape
into long cylinders . place on floured baking sheets , cover & let rise
until well doubled , about an hour . preheat the oven to 400f . bake for
35 to 45 minutes , until golden .

yield : 4 loaves




feather-light muffins

breads

1/3 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg
1 1/2 cup cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg , ground
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon , ground
1/2 cup butter , melted

in a mixing bowl , cream shortening , sugar and egg . combine dry
ingredients ; add to creamed mixture alternately with milk . fill
greased muffin tins 2/3 full . bake at 350 for 20-25 minutes or until
golden . let cool for 3-4 minutes .
meanwhile , combine the 1/2 cup of sugar and 1 teasp cinnamon in a
cup . roll warm muffins in melted butter , then in sugar-cinnamon
mixture . serve warm . yield : 8-10

yield : 8 servings




whole wheat raisin bread

breads

2 cup boiling water
1 cup sifted unbleached flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup sugar
2 cup raisins
2 cup stirred whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 large eggs

pour boiling water over raisins in small bowl . let stand until
cooled .

stir together flour , whole wheat flour , baking powder , baking soda ,
and salt .

beat together eggs and sugar in mixing bowl until light and
lemon-colored , ing electric mixer at medium speed . stir in raisin
mixture . add dry ingredients all at once , stirring just until
moistened . pour mixture into 5 greased ( 1 lb ) coffee cans . bake in
350 degree oven 40 minutes or until cake tester or wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean . remove from cans ; cool on racks .

makes 5 small loaves .

yield : 5 servings




peking doilies ( aka mandarin pancakes )

breads , chinese

1 1/4 cup flour
3/8 cup boiling water
1/8 cup cold water
2 teaspoon sesame oil

mix flour and boiling water . add cold water and knead into a smooth
dough . let rest a few minutes . roll out into a baguette and cut into
six pieces . use a rolling pin to flatten each piece into a 4 ''
pancake . brush each with a thin layer of sesame oil and place them
together in pairs , oiled sides together . roll each pair out until you
have 6 '' pancakes .

heat a dry nonstick pan to medium-high . drop in a pancake pair and
cook until golden bubbles form on the underside , shaking the pan from
time to time . flip and repeat for the other side . remove and separate
pancakes . fold into quarters and cover with a warm damp towel until
serving time .

this recipe may be doubled . pancakes may be made ahead and reheated by
steaming ( but they 're better fresh ) .

yield : 6 - enough f




jumbo popovers***npfn03a

breads , low cal

2 each eggs
1 cup non-fat milk
1 cup sifted flour
1/2 teaspoon salt

butter 6 six-oz . custard cups with straight sides ( popovers rise
better in straight-sided container ) . beat eggs slightly with rotary
beater ; add other ingredients . continue beating briskly 1 to 2
minutes . mixture will be smooth and thin .
pour into custard cups , about 1/2 full . place cups on cookie sheet ,
not touching . cook at 400 for 50 minutes or until puffed up and
golden brown ( do not peek until they are done - this may cause them
to fall ! ) 110 calories per popover .

yield : 6 servings




cornbread

breads

1 cup white flour
1 cup corn flour or fine cornmeal
2 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 cup milk
2 tablespoon melted butter

this batter can also be baked in muffin cups as well as in a loaf pan .
either way , it 's good .

preheat oven to 400f . combine the white flour , corn flour or cornmeal ,
sugar , baking powder and salt . in a separate bowl , beat the eggs ;
then stir in the milk and the butter . pour the wet ingredients into
the dry ones and stir just enough to combine , in about 15-or-16
strokes . overmixing causes the cornbread to be tough . pour into a
buttered baking pan and bake until the cornbread is firm and a
toothpick comes out clean , about 30 minutes .

deborah madison - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 6 servings




columbus day italian sweet loaf

breads

2 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup melted butter
2 whole eggs plus 3 egg yolks
1 teaspoon salt
4 1/2 cup unbleached white flour
1 egg yolk combined with : 2 tsp flour
2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon water

dissolve the yeast and brown sugar in warm water in a large mixing
bowl .

set aside for about 10 minutes or until the yeast has become foamy .
stir in the butter , eggs , additional yolks and salt . blend well . add
the flour , 1 cup at a time , mixing well . turn the dough out onto a
floured board and knead with additional four for about 5 minutes or
until the dough is elastic and not sticky . divided the dough in half .
flatten and shape each half into a round loaf . place on a greased
baking sheet , cover loosely with aluminum foil , and let rise in a
warm , draft free place until the loaves are doubled in bulk , about 1-2
hours . brush the egg mixture on the top of the loaves and slash twice
with a sharp knife . sprinkle with additional sugar and bake in a
preheated 325 f oven for 35-40 minutes .

cool on a wire rack before slicing . makes 2 loaves .

origin : hearth and home companion shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 2 servings




mini corn muffins with smoked turkey

appetizers , breads , entertain

1 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal
1 cup flour , sifted all-purpose
1/3 cup sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cup milk
3/4 cup butter , melted , cooled
2 eggs , slightly beaten
1/2 lb smoked turkey breast , thinly sliced
1/2 cup cranberry relish or honey mustard

preheat oven to 400 degrees . butter mini-muffin tins . combine
cornmeal , flour , sugar , baking powder and salt in large bowl . mix
milk , butter and eggs together in medium bowl . stir milk mixture into
cornmeal mixture until just moistened . spoon batter into mini muffin
tins . bake until golden , 14-16 minutes . let cool on wire rack for
five minutes . remove from pans and let cool completely . to serve , put
a small amoung of smoked turkey on a sliced muffin that 's been spread
with cranberry relish or honey mustard . formatted by theresa grant ,
hwwk11b , from martha stewart entertaining .

yield : 36 servings




banana bread 4

breads

1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel ( optional )
1/4 cup ground almonds ( optional )
1/2 cup butter or margarine
3/4 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup mashed banana ( 4 medium bananas )

1 . preheat oven to 350 f. grease 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . 2 . sift
flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , ginger ,
allspice and nutmeg together in bowl . add lemon peel and almonds .
stir until combined . set aside . 3 . beat butter in large mixing
bowl until soft amd creamy .
beat in sugar until light and fluffy . add eggs and beat until
thoroughly blended . beat in flour mixture alternately with
bananas until mixture is well blended . pour into prepared pan . 4 .
bake in center of oven 1 hour to 1 hour 5 minutes , or until
toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . 5 . cool in pan on
wire rack 10 minutes . invert from pan and cool completely on
rack .

variation : banana-walnut or -pecan bread : omit almonds . add 3/4 cup
coarsely chopped walnuts or pecans with bananas .

yield : 1 loaf




cranberry nut loaf

breads

2 cup flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoon sugar , brown
1 oranges
2 tablespoon oil
1/2 cup milk
1 eggs
1/2 cup walnuts , chopped
1 cup cranberries

preheat oven to 350 .

sift together in bowl flour , baking powder , salt , and sugars .
juice orange and grate zest . put grated zest and juice in 1-cup
measuring cup . add oil . fill with milk to 3/4 c measure . beat egg
into mixture and add to dry ingredients . mix thoroughly and add
walnuts and cranberries cut in 2-3 pieces .

bake in loaf pan one hour . cool

this recipe freezes well .

source : original recipe posted on genie by c.stewart5 [ carolyn ] , oct
31 , 1992 mm by sylvia steiger , genie the.steigers , ci $ 71511,2253 , gt
cookbook echo moderator , net/node 004/005

yield : 8 servings




petticoat tails ( scottish )

breads , scottish

8 oz flour
4 oz cornflour or rice flour
4 oz butter
4 oz icing sugar
1 caster sugar for dredging

: set the oven to 350f/gas 4 . grease a baking sheet . cream the
butter and icing sugar together in a bowl . sift in the flours and
work into a smooth dough ; if the dough is too dry a little water can
be added to moisten . divide into two . roll out on a floured surface
and shape into two thin rounds . place on the sheet and prick all over
with a fork . mark each round into 6 triangles . bake for about 20-25
minutes until pale golden in colour . sprinkle with the caster sugar
while still warm . cut into the triangles and cool on a wire rack .
:
: : from the booklet scottish teatime recipes : : typed in for you by
ray watson

yield : 12 servings




peanut butter loaf *

breads , sweet bread

-- -- patti vdrj67a -- --
4 cup flour
1/3 cup sugar
2 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup chunky peanut butter
2 eggs ; well beaten
1 3/4 cup milk
1 tablespoon grated lemon rind
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/2 cup peanuts ; chopped ( opt )

in mixing bowl , combine the flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . cut
in peanut butter with pastry blender or use food processor ; blend
until mix resembles coarse crumbs . in separate bowl , mix the eggs and
milk . add lemon rind , lemon juice and peanuts , if used . stir into
flour mix only until blended . pour batter into greased 9x5 '' loaf pan .
bake at 350~ for 1 hour or until tested done . remove from pan to wire
rack to cool . wrap and store overnight before serving .

yield : 1 servings




robb 's special day waffles

breads , breakfast

2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
3 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 cup buttermilk
4 eggs , well beaten
1 cup melted butter or margarine

sift flour , baking powder , soda , salt . combine buttermilk , eggs ; add
to flour mixture . with hand beater , or mixer at high speed , beat
until smooth ; whisk in butter .

when waffle iron is ready to use , pour batter into center of lower
half until it spreads about 1 '' from edges . bring cover down gently .
cook until no steam escapes . do not raise cover during baking .

when waffle is done , lift cover ; loosen waffle with fork ; serve at
once . reheat iron before pouring in next waffle .

yield : 6 servings




kathy pitts ' turkey & cheese sandwich

breads , poultry , cheese

2 slice whole grain bread
1/2 ripe avocado , sliced
1 slice smoked monterey jack or smoked goud ; a cheese
1 alfalfa sprouts
1 radish sprouts
1 slice very ripe tomato
1 olive oil
1 wine vinegar
1 fresh ground black pepper

here 's one i invented a lot of years ago for a
vegetarian friend . not low fat , but it is good ( what
can i say , i 'm originally from california ) .

lay the bread slices on a flat surface . put half the
avocado slices on each bread half . top one bread half
with the remaining ingredients , dressing this mess
very lightly with oil and vinegar . top with remaining
avocado/bread half , and cut into quarters to serve .

for a non-vegetarian version of this , i 've added thin
slices of smoked turkey .

i 've also made this by piling the whole mess into
halves of pita bread , but if you can get good
whole-grain bread , that 's even better .

kathy in bryan , tx

yield : 1 sandwich




banana bread ( wedman )

breads

2 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 eggs
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup sliced bananas ( 2 large )

combine the flour , baking powder , baking soda , and nutmeg in a mixing
bowl . stir to blend . put the eggs , oil , sugar and bananas in a
blender . puree until smooth . pour the banana mixture into the flour .
mix well .

pour into an oiled 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . bake at 350 f for 40 to 50
minutes . cool on a wire rack . let stand 10 minutes before removing
from pan . cool thoroughly before serving .

1/15 recipe - 164 calories , 1 bread , 1/2 fruit , 1 1/2 fat exchanges 21
grams carbohydrate , 3 grams protein , 8 grams fat 70 mg sodium , 114 mg
potassium , 37 mg cholesterol

source : am . diabetes assoc . holiday cookbook by betty wedman , 1986
shared but not tested by elizabeth rodier , nov 93

yield : 15 servings




ethereal air bread ii

breads

2 tablespoon yeast , dry
1 teaspoon diastatic malt powder
8 cup flour , all purpose
1 tablespoon salt
2 cup milk , skim
1/4 cup oil , vegetable
1/4 cup honey
2 large egg whites , lightly beaten

mix the yeast , diastatic malt powder , 6 cups flour , and the salt
together . in a saucepan heat the milk , vegetable oil , and honey to
120f . the liquid will just start to feel hot . pour the liquid into
the dry ingredients , and add the lightly beaten egg whites . add
another cup of flour and stir until the dough has formed a shaggy
mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead the
dough , adding more flour as necessary , until the dough has formed a
smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl , turning the
dough to coat with oil . cover the bowl with a damp towel . place the
dough in a warm spot and let rise until doubled in size . this will
take about l
1/2 hours .
punch the dough down and turn out onto a lightly floured counter .
knead the dough briefly to expel air bubbles . grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4
1/2 '' loaf pans . divide the dough into two pieces and roll each piece
out into a rectangle the same length as the pans . the rectangles
should be about 1/4 '' thick . roll up the dough the long way and place
it in the pans . cover the loaves with a damp towel and let them rise
30-45 minutes , until they are about 1 '' over the top of the pans .
while the loaves are rising , preheat the oven to 375f . bake the
loaves for 35-34 minutes , or until well browned and the bottoms sound
hollow when thumped . cool the loaves on a rack . yield : two loaves ,
each yielding sixteen 1/2 inch slices .
source : the kind folks at king arthurs flour sent me this with my
last order . try it , it is great for sandwiches .

yield : 16 servings




maple-apple bread

breads

1/4 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon maple flavor
1 large egg , beaten
1/2 cup finely chopped apple
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
2 can ( 8 ounces each ) refrigerated cresce ; nt roll dough
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1 tablespoon milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

combine first 5 ingredients in a bowl , add apple and nuts , toss .
unroll dough and separate into 8 rectangles . press perforations on
dough firmly to seal . spread each rectangle with apple mixture , roll
up starting at narrow end . place each roll lengthwise with seams
toward center of loaf in greased 8-1/2 inch loaf pan , making 2 layers
of 4 rolls each . bake at 350 degrees farenheit for 20 minutes , cover
pan with foil and bake 30 minutes longer removing foil last 5
minutes . cool in pan 5 minutes ; remove and cool thoroughly . combine
remaining ingredients , drizzle over loaf .

makes 12 slices .

yield : 12 servings




joyce 's lazy white bread

breads

1 cup milk
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
4 1/2 cup white flour
2 tablespoon butter or oleo
1 cup warm water
2 pkg yeast

mix water , yeast , and 1 t sugar . scald milk . add butter , rest of
sugar , and salt . combine all ingredients . beat 2 minutes . set aside
until doubled in size . stir down , then pour into greased pan . bake in
a preheated 375 degree oven for 50 minutes .

taken from : it never turns out the same way cookbook a collection of
recipes from the kitchen of joyce & clem kohl kook-net : the improv
bbs kook-net hub ( 602 ) 991-4849

yield : 1 recipe




griddle scones

breads

1 cup self-rising flour
1 pinch salt
3 tablespoon butter or margarine
2/3 cup currants
3/4 teaspoon groung nutmeg
1 egg
1/3 cup milk

keywords : scones , sugar free , bread

preparation time 15 minutes , cooking time about 4 minutes per scone .

mix the flour and salt together , and rub in the butter until the
mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs .

stir in the currants and nutmeg , then push the mixture gently to the
sides of the bowl to form a well in the center .

beat together the egg and milk , and pour into the well in the center
of the flour .

using a wooden spoon , mix the egg and milk mixture into the flour ,
stirring from the center of the bowl and drawing the flour in from
the sides to form a smooth , thick batter . if batter is too thick , add
a little extra milk until it becomes a soft dropping consistency .

heat a heavy-based frying pan on top of a moderate heat , and grease
with a little butter or oil .

drop tablespoons of the batter into the hot pan , and cook for 2-3
minutes , or until the bases are set and have turned golden brown .

turn the scones over and cook on the other side in the same way .

serve from the pan with sugar-free preserves .

note : these scones freeze well , and can be re-heated by wrapping in a
clean dish towel and standing in a warm oven until they are heated
through .

source : sugar free - gallery books isbn 0 8317 8048 7 shared by :
carol collins 9/92

yield : 6 servings




molly 's stuffed french bread

breads

1/2 cup miracle whip salad dressing or mira ; cle whip light
1 pkg liver sausage
1/3 cup finely chopped walnuts
1 tablespoon each chopped - onion , parsley
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
1 baguette loaf

combine all ingredients except for bread . blend well . slice off ends
of bread . cut into four . scoop out bread leaving 1/2 inch shell .
tear removed bread into small pieces . blend into filling . fill each
shell with 1/3 cup mixture . wrap securely in plastic wrap ; chill at
least 1 hour . cut into 1/2 inch slices to serve . makes 20 slices .

origin : june reader 's digest ( canadian ) shared by : sharon stevens .

yield : 20 servings




csipetke ( dumplings )

breads

1/2 cup flour
1 egg
1 tablespoon salt

csipetke ( dumplings ) - gloria lyon

flour

make hard dough by kneading flour and egg about 5 minutes ; let rest 15
minutes . cut dough into 6 pieces ; roll each to finger thickness (
will get about 6 '' length from each ) . bring 4 quarts water with 1
tbsp . salt to boil ; sprinkle a little four on dough ; pinch off little
pieces ; drop into boiling water . use thumb and index fingers to pinch
off pieces . boil dumplings till they surface , then sample one to make
sure it is cooked through . note : you may drop the csipetke directly
into goulash soup , bean soup , or any other soup you use it for .

yield : 6 servings




onion sandwich buns

breads

2 cup warm water
1/4 cup maple syrup
2 pkg dry yeast
1 large onion , minced
1/4 cup corn oil
1/8 teaspoon thyme
4 cup wholewheat flour
2 cup unbleached flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 sesame seeds ( opt . )

mix hot water and syrup . sprinkle yeast into water and let `` proof ''
while preparing onions . saute onions in oil until golden , 5-7
minutes , sitrring frequently . stir in yeast mixture , then all of the
remaining ingredients . knead 5-8 minutes ; place in greased , covered
bowl and let rise until doubled , about 1 1/2 hours . punch down .
divide into 18 balls and flatten each ball to a 4-inch circle . place
on lightly greased pans . let rise 1 hour . preheat oven to 375
degrees . lightly brush tops with oil and sprinkle with seeds , if
desired . bake 20-30 minutes . from `` does your lunch pack punch ? '' by
robin toth & jacqueline hostage , betterway publications , 1983 .

typed for you by terri st. louis , kook-net

yield : 18 each




whole wheat & oat bran bread

breads , quick bread

2 eggs
1/2 cup oil
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup molasses
1 1/3 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup flour
3/4 cup oat bran flakes
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup dates ; chopped
1 cup walnuts ; chopped

beat together first 5 ingredients until blended . mix together the
remaining ingredients and add all at once . beat until blended . do not
overbeat .
divide batter between 5 greased mini-loaf pans ( 6x3x2-inches ) and
bake in a 350 degree oven for about 45 minutes , or until a cake
tester , inserted in center , comes out clean . allow to cool in pan
for 10 minutes , and then remove from pans and continue cooling on a
rack . yields : 5 mini-loaves .

note : oat bran can be purchased in most supermarkets or health food
stores . it comes as `` milled '' or `` stone-ground '' . the milled is finer
in texture and the stone-ground will produce a slightly coarser
crumb , which adds a little character to this country-style loaf .
source : coffee cakes and quick breads by renny darling .

yield : 20 servings




cheese & salmon bagel ww

breads

1 tablespoon cream cheese , light
1 bagel , mini ( 1 oz ) cut in half hor ; izontally toasted
1 teaspoon capers rinsed , drained
1 oz salmon , smoked ( lox ) thinly sliced
2 slice tomato
2 slice onion , red

spread cream cheese over one cut side of toasted bagel ; top with
capers , salmon , tomatoe and onion . top with remain half of toasted
bagel .

weight watcher 's exchanges : 1 protein , 1 vegetable , 1 bread , 35
optional calories .

nutritional analysis per serving : 152 calories , 10 g .
protein , 4 g. fat , 19 g. carbohydrates , 42 mg .
calcium , 553 mg. sodium , 14 mg. cholesterol , 1 g .
dietary fiber ( excludes capers ) .

calories from fat : 22.5 %

original recipe from weight watcher 's `` simply light cooking '' .
conversion and additional nutritional analysis by rick weissgerber
[ genie d.weissgerbe ]

yield : 1 servings




quick celery-cheese loaf

breads , cheese , quick bread

3 cup flour -- sifted
1/4 cup sugar
4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup cheddar cheese -- shredded
1/4 teaspoon celery seed
1 1/4 cup milk
1 eggs

into large bowl , sift together flour , sugar , baking powder and salt .
with pastry blender , cut in shortening until coarse crumbs form . stir
in cheese and celery seed ; set aside . in small bowl , mix milk and
eggs until well blended . add milk mixture to dry ingredients ; stir
just until moistened . pour batter into greased and waxed paper-lined
9x5x3 loaf pan . bake in 350 degree oven 50 to 60 minutes , or until
loaf is golden brown and toothpick inserted in center comes out
clean . cool in pan 10 minutes . remove ; peel off waxed paper . cool on
rack . makes 1 loaf .

recipe by : farm journal 's homemade breads

yield : 1 servings




southern spoon bread

breads

1 1/2 cup scalded milk
1/2 cup corn meal
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoon flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 each egg

stir dry ingredients in the milk . add beaten egg and melted butter .
bake 30 minutes in moderate oven .

note : moderate oven is 350 - 400 f .

source : margaret a. harvey , zane grange , logan county , oh

yield : 1 servings




peasant black bread

breads

3 1/2 cup rye flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa
1/4 cup sugar
3 tablespoon caraway seed
2 pkg active dry yeast or
2 tablespoon from a bulk jar
1 tablespoon instant coffee ( powder or
1 crystals )
2 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 cup hot water ( 120-130 f . )
1/4 cup vinegar
1/4 cup dark ( blackstrap ) molasses
1/4 cup vegetable oil or melted
1 butter
4 1/2 cup unbleached or bread flour

thoroughly mix the rye flour , cocoa , sugar , caraway seeds , yeast ,
coffee and salt in a large mixing bowl . stir in the water , vinegar ,
molasses , and oil then beat until smooth . stir in enough unbleached
or bread flour to make a soft dough . turn onto a floured surface .
knead until smooth and elastic , about 5 minutes . place in an oiled
bowl ; turn to oil the top of the dough . cover and let rise in a warm
place until doubled , about 1 hour . punch the dough down and divide in
half . shape each half into a ball and place in the center of 2
greased 8-inch round cake pans . cover and let rise until double in
bulk , about 1 hour . bake at 350 degrees f. for 40 to 45 minutes , or
until done .

yield : 2 servings




ruisleipa ( sour rye bread )

breads , sourdough , finnish

1/2 cup sour bread starter
2 cup warm water of potato water
3 1/2 cup rye flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
2 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup sifted white flour

in large mixing bowl mix sour bread starter and 2 cups warm or potato
water . blend in 1 cup rye flour . cover lightly and let stand in a
warm place for about 20 to 40 hours , depending on degree of sourness
desired .

disolve yeast in 1/4 cup warm water , then stir into the soured
mixture . add the salt and very gradually beat in the remaining rye
flour . add the white flour a little at a time beating well after each
addition . when a stiff dough is formed , let it rest for 10 to 15
minutes . turn onto floured board and knead until smooth . place dough
into slightly greased bowl turning to grease the top.cover and let
rise until doubled in bulk . divide into two parts . 1/2 cup of the
dough may be reserved for your next baking . keep reserved dough in
refridgerator in covered container .

to make eastern-finnish style loaves , shape each of the two pieces of
dough in to a ball and place on a lightly greased baking sheet . cover
and let rise until almost doubled , about 30 minutes .

to make western_finnish style flat loaves , shape the dough into two
balls and flatten the by patting to about 1 '' thick , keeping the shape
round . with your fingers make a hole in the center about 2 '' in
diameter . dust the top lightly with rye flour . place the rolls on a
lightly greased baking sheet . prick all over the top with a fork .
cover and let rise until about double in bulk , abouth 30 minutes .

bake in a 375 preheated oven for 45 minutes or until the loaves are
lightly browned .

sour bread starter .

about 2 days before making sour rye bread mix 1/2 cup milk with 1/2
cup rye flour . milk must be at room temperature . let stand uncovered
in a warm place until the mixture begins to bubble and has a
pleasantly sour odor . you may refridgerate at this point or use the
entire amount immediately in a bread dough .

~-

yield : 2 loafs




crawfish cornbread

breads

1 1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 cup cooking oil
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 can cream style corn
2 eggs
1/2 lb cheese , grated
1 cup onion , chopped
1 lb crawfish tails
2 jalapeno peppers , choppe

mix all ingredients except crawfish . blend until moist . add crawfish
and stir well . pour into greased 9x13 baking dish and bake at 375
degrees for 30 minutes or until golden brown . randy rigg

yield : 1 servings




italian herbed bread

breads , vegetarian , italian

8 1/2 inch slices firm , 1 to 3 tbs . olive ; oil

~ italian-style or 1 tb prepared herbes de provence , -
multigrain bread - or to taste .. see note

heat oven to 450 degrees . brush both sides of bread slices with
olive oil ; place in a single layer on baking sheet and sprinkle tops
only with herbes de provence . bake until golden and crisp .

note : herbes de provence is a blend of dried bay leaves , thyme ,
rosemary , basil , coriander , nutmeg , savory , lavender , cloves and
white pepper .

makes 8 slices

source : vegetarian times , march 1993

yield : 8 servings




hot cross buns with cream cheese frosting

breads , easter

5 cup all-purpose flour
2 pkg active dry yeast
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/4 teaspoon cloves
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1 1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup butter ( 1 stick )
2 eggs , beaten
3/4 cup currants or raisins
1/3 cup candied orange peel ( opt )
1 egg yolk mixed with
2 tablespoon water
-- -- cream cheese frosting -- --
3 oz cream cheese , softened
1 cup confectioner 's sugar
1 teaspoon milk

combine 2 cups of flour , yeast , sugar , salt and spices in a large
mixing bowl . in a separate bowl , heat milk and butter to very warm
( 120 to 130 ) . add to flour . beat on medium speed of mixer for 1
minute . add eggs . beat another minute . stir in currants , orange peel
and enough remaining flour to make dough easy to handle . turn dough
out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic ,
about 5 minutes , adding additional flour as needed . place in a
buttered bowl , turning to butter top . cover ; let rise in warm place
until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . punch down dough ; turn onto
lightly floured surface . divide dough in half ; divide each half into
9 pieces . form each piece into a smooth round ball . place balls of
dough in two buttered 8-inch square baking pans . cover ; let rise in
warm place until doubled in bulk , about 45 minutes to 1 hour . brush
lightly with egg yolk mixture . bake rolls in preheated 375 oven , 20
to 25 minutes , or until golden brown . remove from pans . cool on wire
rack . prepare cream cheese frosting . drizzle frosting across the top
of each bun in the shape of a cross . makes 18 buns . cream cheese
frosting : beat cream cheese and sugar in a bowl until smooth . add up
to 1 teaspoon of milk for drizzling consistency .

note : hot cross buns are a traditional easter food . you can bake them
in advance and freeze unfrosted . when ready to serve , reheat
foil-wrapped buns in a 325 oven . drizzle cream cheese frosting in
the shape of a cross over the buns after reheating .

from the files of roberta thompson source : the news-enterprise
elizabethtown ky ; food section ; recipe from : american dairy
association

yield : 18 buns




feather biscuits

breads , biscuits

1 pkg dry yeast
2 tablespoon water ; warm ( 105 to 115 f )
2 cup buttermilk
5 cup self-rising flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 cup shortening

dissolve yeast in warm water . stir yeast mixture into buttermilk ; mix
well , and set aside .

combine flour and sugar ; cut in shortening until mixture resembles
coarse meal . add buttermilk mixture ; stir until dry ingredients are
moistened . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled . or
cover bowl tightly , and store in refrigerator until needed . ( dough
may be stored up to 3 days . )

punch dough down ; turn dough out on a lightly floured surface . knead
lightly 3 or 4 times .

roll dough to 1/2 inch thickness ; cut with a 2 inch biscuit cutter .
place biscuits on lighlty greased baking sheets ; bake at 450 degrees
for 10 to 12 minutes or until lighlty browned .

source : southern living magazine , sometime in 1980 . typed for you by
nancy coleman .

yield : 3 dozen




red onion pizzas

breads , vegetables , bakery

2 teaspoon olive oil
1 water
3 cup thinly sliced red onions
2 teaspoon red wine vinegar
1 teaspoon julienned orange zest
1 cup thinly sliced zucchini
4 each ( 1-ounce ) pita breads
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon chopped cilantro

heat 1 teaspoon oil and 1/4 cup water in large nonstick skillet ; add
onion . cook over low heat , covered , 30 minutes . stir in vinegar and
orange zest ; cook , uncovered , 10 minutes , or until all liquid is
absorbed .

preheat oven to 400f . coat baking sheet with vegetable oil spray . in a
small bowl , combine zucchini , 1 tb water and remaining 1 ts oil ; toss
to coat .

arrange pitas on prepared baking sheet ; top each with one-fourth of
the zucchini slices ; bake 8 minutes . spoon one-fourth cooked onion on
each pita ; bake 6 minutes . sprinkle each pita with one-fourth of the
cilantro . bake 2 minutes .

`` weight watchers complete cookbook & program basics '' , posted by
michael rooney

yield : 1 recipe




basic oat bran muffins

breads , quick & easy

3/4 cup am whole wheat pastry flour
3/4 cup am oat bran
2 teaspoon non-alum baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon ( optional )
3 tablespoon unrefined vegetable oil
3 tablespoon honey or maple syrup
3/4 cup soymilk , skim milk or water

mix dry and liquid ingredients in separate bowls , then combine and mix
thoroughly . fill 6 to 8 oiled muffin tins full . bake at 375 f. for
12 to 15 minutes . mini-muffins will rise better than regular muffins .

source : arrowhead mills `` oat bran recipes '' tri-fold reprinted by
permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format courtesy of :
karen mintzias

yield : 1 batch




pumpernickel bread ( prodigy )

breads

2/3 oz compressed yeast ; -=or=- envelope dry yeast
1 pint water
1 oz bread crumbs
2 oz wheat germ
10 oz whole wheat flour
1 lb bread flour
1/2 oz salt
1 oz caramel =or=- bitter chocolate =or= ; - cocoa mixed w/ water
1/2 pint rye starter
-- -- rye starter -- --
1 pint water
1 lb rye flour
3 oz all-purpose flour

disperse yeast in warm water . combine bread crumbs , wheat germ and
flours and form a well . add salt , caramel and yeast mixture along
with starter . form dough , adding more bread flour if necessary to
give a moderately firm texture . knead for 8-to-10 minutes until
smooth and elastic , and place in a lightly oiled bowl . cover and let
rise until doubled . deflate the dough , divide into 4 pieces and form
into oval shapes . cover with buttered plastic wrap and allow to
double , about 45 minutes . preheat oven to 425f . slash tops of loaves
with a razor blade and bake for 30-to-45 minutes .

makes 4 loaves

for the rye starter : mix water and rye flour and let sit all day . in
the evening , add 3 ounces all-purpose flour .

peter kump - prodigy guest chefs cookbook

yield : 4 servings




california polka dot bread

breads

1 1/2 cup seedless raisins
1 1/2 cup water
1 slightly beaten egg
1 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoon salad oil
1 tablespoon grated orange peel
2 1/2 cup sifted all purpose
1 flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon soda

combine raisins and water ; bring to boiling . cool to room
temperature . mix next 4 ingredients . stir in raisin mixture . sift
together dry ingredients ; add , beating well . pour into greased 8.5 x
4.5 x 2.5 inch loaf pan . bake at 325 degrees about 60 minutes or till
done .

posted from the echo 's library 04/14/94 by frank skelly

converted by mmconv vers . 1.20

yield : 1 loaf




hobo stew & dumplings

breads , meats

-- -- hobo stew -- --
6 quartered carrots
2 lb cubed stew beef
1 medium sliced onion
1 clove garlic
4 cup boiling water
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1/2 teaspoon paprika
-- -- dumplings -- --
1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoon vegetable oil

hobo stew : brown meat in hot oil . add water , worcestershire sauce ,
garlic , onion and seasonings . simmer for 2 hours , stirring
occasionally to keep from sticking . add carrots . continue cooking for
20 to30 minutes or until carrots are done . ( cubed potatoes may be
added at the same time as the carrots , or leftover green beans or
peas during the last 10 minutes of cooking ) . remove meat and
vegetables , thicken liquid for gravy and return meat and vegetables .
dumplings : sift flour , salt and baking powder together . add milk and
vegetable oil to make soft dough . drop by spoonfuls over hobo stew ,
covering top . cover tightly and steam without lifting lid for 12 to
15 minutes or until dumplings are fluffy . from : syd 's cookbook .

yield : 4 servings




rye tomato bread

breads

1 pkg ( 5/16-oz ) yeast
1 cup bread flour
3/4 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup rye flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon caraway seed
1/4 cup chopped tomato
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
7/8 cup tomato juice or veg juice v8

good with sandwiches containing cheese put all ingredients , in
the order given , into the bread pan , select white bread , and push
start . note : here is a nice change from rye bread . simply use tomato
juice or vegetable juice for the liquid . this tangy , tasty bread
makes great sandwiches -- especially when they include cheese . it adds
a festive touch to soups and winter casseroles , too . makes 1 loaf , 8
slices . each slice : 215 calories ; less than 1 gm dietary fiber ; less
than 1 gm soluble fiber ; 43 gm carbohydrates ; 7 gm protein ; 2 gm fat
( 10 % caloreis from fat ) ; 0 mg cholesterol , 331 mg sodium ; 110 mg
potassium ; 12 mg calcium .

yield : 1 servings




bacon pancakes

breads , sourdough

2 cup starter
1 egg ; beaten
1/2 cup bacon ; fried and crumbled
2 tablespoon oil ; bacon fat
2 tablespoon sugar
1 flour ; as needed
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

add egg , bacon , oil and sugar to the starter and mix briefly . add
flour to make desired thickness and mix till lump free . just before
cooking dissolve baking soda into 1 tablespoon of water mix gently
with batter then cook in a ( 400 ) hot griddle make 2 or 3 inch rounds
cook for 2 to 4 minutes turn and cook 2 more minutes .

yield : 10 servings




donna german 's sourdough starter

breads , german

2 cup lukewarm water or milk
2 cup bread or unbleached all purpose flo ; ur
2 1/2 teaspoon yeast

mix together in a glass or plastic bowl the above ingredients . do not
use metal utensils . cover the bowl with a tight fitting lid and
allow to sit in a warm , draft-free location for 4 to 7 days , gently
stirring once a day .

you may use your starter after 4 days .

to use your starter , simply remove the amount called for in the
recipe and add to the other ingredients . replace the amount removed
with equal amounts of water/milk and bread/unbleached all purpose
flour . i always used bread flour .

after feeding your starter , leave on counter for 24 hours . at the end
of that period you may refrigerate your starter . you must refeed at
least once every 7 days , so i use my starter once a week . if you do
not plan to use it , then take one cup out and throw away and feed .

if you will be away on vacation you may freeze your starter , thaw it
in the refrigerator upon your return . as soon as it is thawed , remove
at least one cup and feed as above .

i alternate feedings , one week with milk , the next with water .

p.reynolds - genie

yield : 1 servings




molasses-oatmeal bread

breads

6 cup flour , more or less
2 pkg active dry yeast
1 3/4 cup water
1 cup quick rolled oats
1/2 cup light molasses
1/3 cup shortening
1 tablespoon salt
2 eggs
1 additional quick oats
1 egg white , beaten optional
1 tablespoon water optional

in a large mixer bowl , combine 2 cups of the flour and
the yeast . in a sauce pan , heat the 1 3/4 cups water ,
the 1 cup rolled oats , light molasses , shortening , and
salt just until warm ( 115 to 120~ ) and shortening is
almost melted ; stir constantly . add to flour mixture .
add the 2 eggs . beat at low speed of electric mixer
for 1/2 minute , scraping sides of bowl constantly .
beat 3 minutes at high speed . stir in as much of the
remaining flour as you can mix in with a spoon . turn
out onto a lightly floured surface . knead in enough
of the remaining flour to make a moderately soft dough
that is smooth and elastic ( 3 to 5 minutes total ) .
shape into a ball . place in a lightly greased bowl ;
turn once to grease surface . cover ; let rise in a warm
place until double ( about 1 1/2 hours ) .

punch down ; turn out onto a lightly floured surface .
divide dough in half . cover ; let rest 10 minutes .
grease two loaf pans . if desired , coat each pan with
about 3 tablespoons rolled oats .

shape dough into loaves . place loaves in pans .
cover ; let rise until nearly double ( 45 to 60
minutes ) . if desired , brush loaves with a mixture of
egg white and 1 tablespoon water ; sprinkle tops
lightly with additional rolled oats . bake in a 375~
oven for 40 to 45 minutes .

serve with honey butter , cream cheese or preserves .

posted on genie by : g.sturn [ bethie ]

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin bread ring

breads , vegetables

-- -- bread -- --
3 cup bisquick
1 cup sugar
1 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup butter
4 eggs
1 can pumpkin
1/4 cup milk
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1/4 teaspoon cloves
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
-- -- brown butter glaze -- --
1/3 cup butter
2 cup powdered sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla
5 tablespoon hot water

beat all bread ingredients at low speed for 1/2 minute , then at medium
speed 3 minutes . spread in a ring pan . bake at 350f for about 50
minutes ; cool . drizzle with brown butter glaze .

glaze : heat butter in a saucepan over medium heat until it is brown .
blend in powdered sugar , vanilla and water .

source : shelby lynne smith of stinson beach , ca typed by katherine
smith

yield : 1 loaf




jim 's all bran bread

breads

4 oz all bran cereal
12 oz tea , hot and strong
1 egg
12 oz cake and pastry flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
6 tablespoon golden syrup
12 oz mixed dried fruit
1 pinch salt

in a large bowl , mix dried fruit and all bran . pour hot tea over this
mixture and let stand , covered , overnight . in the morning , add egg ,
flour , salt and syrup , and mix . divide between 2 well greased loaf
pans . bake in a 350 degree oven for 40-60 minutes . leave to cool
slightly in pans and then turn out . will taste better if tightly
wrapped and put in tins - almost resembles a malt loaf . serve sliced
and buttered .

yield : 4 servings




urad dal ki roti

breads , indian , fair use , punjabi

250 gm flour
250 gm urad dal
1 teaspoon turmeric powder
1 teaspoon ginger powder
1 teaspoon coriander powder
1 bunch sliced coriander leaves
3 green chilies ; minced
1 small onion ; minced
1 salt ; to taste
1 chilli powder ; to taste
1 teaspoon crushed pomegranate seeds

boil dal a few minutes , or soak overnight . drain , and grind
coarsely . fry dal and dry spices in 2 tablespoons ghee for a few
minutes , then cook , covered , over low heat until the dal is cooked .
remove from heat . cool and mix in flour , chillies , onion , coriander
leaves , and pomegranate seeds . add enough water to make a stiff dough .

using balls of dough the size of lemons , roll each roti out into a
thin circle . fry each roti in oil . serve hot .

adapted from a recipe in `` cooking the punjabi way '' typed for you by
karen mintzias

yield : 1 recipe




true garlic bread

breads , garlic

1 single garlic puree ( 2 roasted head )
1/4 lb unsalted butter , softened
2 tablespoon ( 2 pk ) dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water ( 115-120 degrees )
2 1/2 cup warm water
2 tablespoon kosher salt
3 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
3 1/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1 single cornmeal

cream together the garlic puree and butter . ( this may be done days in
advance and refrigerated . bring to room temperature before using ) .
combine the yeast with 1/2 cup warm water in large bowl . stir with a
fork or small whisk . add an additional 2 1/2 cups water . add salt .
stir in the flour , 1 c at a time , beginning with the whole wheat .
use a whisk until the dough becomes stiff , then switch to a wooden
spoon . turn the dough onto a well floured work surface . knead
rhythmically for 10 to 15 minutes , until the dough is smooth ,
springy , nonsticky , and elastic . add more flour as you knead if
necessary . the dough is ready if you can poke to fingers into it and
the resulting indentations spring back . cover the dough with a cloth
and let rest while you wash , dry and generously butter the bowl .
knead the dough a few more turns , then form it into a ball and place
it in the bowl . turn it to coat with butter . cover the bowl and put
it in a warm , draft-free place until the dough has doubled in bulk ,
about 1 1/2 hours . it has risen sufficiently when you can gently
poke a finger into the dough and the hole reamins . ( do n't poke too
enthusiastically or the dough will collapse . ) when doubled , flour
your fist and punch the dough down . knead it a few times and then
let it rest . sprinkle 1 large or 2 small baking sheets with a liberal
amount of cornmeal . divide the dough into 3 equal parts . while you
work with 1 piece , keep the other 2 covered . flour your work
surface . with a rolling pin , roll each piece of dough into a
rectangle approximately 14-inches long x 7-inches wide . spread it
with softened garlic butter . roll the long edge toward the opposite
long edge , as if you were rolling up a rug . pinch ends closed . place
loves on the baking sheets . with a sharp knife or razor blade , slash
the loves lightly at 2-inch intervals . cover with a cloth and place
in a warm draft-free place to rise until doubled , about 1/2 hour .
meanwhile preheat oven to 400 degrees f. bake for 35 to 40 minutes
with a pan of boiling water on the oven floor . spray loaves with
water several times during the baking process . ( this helps the bread
form a thick crusty shell . ) to test for doneness , rap the loaf with
your knuckles . the loaf should sound hollow . cool on wire racks ,
but the loaves are delicious eaten warm right out of the oven .

yield : 6 servings




twin mountain muffins

breads

1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
5 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup flour
1 cup milk
1 egg

cream butter . add sugar and well beaten egg , then dry ingredients ,
alternately with milk . bake in buttered muffin pan for 20 to 25
minutes in 400 degree oven .

yield : 12 servings




mondel bread

breads , cakes , desserts

1 cup sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup oil
1 1/2 cup walnuts or pecans
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 cup flour

mix sugar and eggs in mix master . add the oil . remove from the mixer
and proced by hand . add [ finely chopped ] nuts into the mixture and
add the other ingredients into the mixture with a wooden spoon .
mixture must not be too soft not too stiff so you can roll it into a
salami shape .

place rolls on a cookie sheet in a 350 [ f ] oven until golden brown .
remove from the oven and cut into diagonal slices . return to oven for
about 15-20 minutes .

i find that i have to chill it over night and add flour to each roll
so it will stand up as a roll and not flatten out-sometimes as much
as a cup or even more depending on the size of the eggs . submitted by
jschlank @ pacificnet.net ( john schlank ) on sun , 29 oct 1995 225025
~0500

yield : 4 servings




hazelnut-carrot muffins

breads

2/3 cup cooking oil
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 cup white flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk
1 cup raw carrots , grated
1/2 cup oregon hazelnuts
1/4 cup raisins

put eggs , sugar and oil in mixing bowl and beat well . add milk . sift
flour with cinnamon , salt , soda and baking powder . add to first
mixture with carrots , nuts and raisins . pour into muffin tins . bake
at 350 for
20 minutes .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 1 batch




delicatessen rye bread ( kh )

breads

2 to 2 3/4 cups all-purpose or
1 unbleached flour
1 tablespoon caraway seed
1 cup milk
2 cup rye flour
3/4 cup water
2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon molasses
2 pkg active dry yeast
2 tablespoon oil

combine 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour , salt , yeast , and caraway seed
in a large mixing bowl . heat milk , water , molasses , and oil in a
saucepan over low heat until very warm ( 120 to 130f ) . add liquid
gradually to flour mixture , beating on high speed of electric mixer ;
scrape bowl occasionally . add 1 cup rye flour , or enough to make a
thick batter . beat at high speed 2 minutes . stir in remaining rye
flour and enough all-purpose flour to make a soft dough . turn dough
onto a floured surface ; knead until smooth and elastic ( about 5
minutes ) . cover with bowl or pan and let rest 20 minutes . divide in
half . shape into 2 round loaves ; place on greased baking sheets .
cover ; let rise until double in bulk ( 30 to 45 minutes ) . bake at 375f
35 to
40 minutes , or until done .

2 loaves

yield : 1 servings




walnut honey bread

breads

1 1/2 cup walnuts -- coarsely chopped
1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 cup water -- 105-115 degrees
2 tablespoon water -- 105-115 degrees
3/4 cup basic bread sponge
5 tablespoon honey
1 1/2 tablespoon walnut oil
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour --
1 unbleached
1/2 cup all-purpose flour -- for
1 kneading
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 cornmeal -- for sprinkling

try using maple syrup instead of honey .

can use olive oil instead of walnut .

preheat the oven to 400 degrees . place the walnuts on a baking sheet ,
roasting until fragrant and golden brown , about eight minutes . cool .

in a bowl , dissolve the yeast in the water . allow to proof for three
minutes .

stir the sponge , honey and oil into the water , breaking the sponge up
using your hands or a spoon .

add 2 3/4 cups of the flour and salt and mix , scraping and folding
until the dough gathers into a single mass . knead , in the bowl , until
the dough becomes soft and only slightly sticky , using the additional
flour gradually as necessary .

turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and knead the nuts
into the dough until they are evenly distributed .

place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl , cover with plastic wrap and
refrigerate overnight .

halve the dough and shape each piece into a ball and place on a
flour-dusted kitchen towel . cover with plastic wrap and allow to
rise in a draft-free location for two hours .

sprinkle a baking sheet generously with cornmeal . gently press one of
the dough balls down on a lightly floured surface and then reshape
into a ball . do the same with the other risen ball . place both balls ,
with the seams on the bottom , on the baking sheet , cover with plastic
wrap and allow to rise until doubled , in a draft-free location . this
should take 2-3 hours .

preheat the oven for at least thirty minutes along with a baking
stone or tiles on the middle rack to 425 . place a baking pan with
decent sides on the bottom shelf . boil two cups of water . using a
razor blade , make an 'x ' in the top of each of the loaves . pour the
boiling water into the baking pan . with a quick jerk , slide the
loaves off the sheet and onto the stone .

bake for 30-35 minutes until the loaves are hollow sounding when
tapped on the bottom . when done , cool on a rack .

recipe by : amy scherber , food & wine 2/93

from : owner-mm-recipes @ idiscover.net o

yield : 1 servings




pineapple bread pudding w/rum sauce

breads , desserts , fruits

1 egg white
1 cup skim milk
1 single artificial sweetener to equal 2 ts ; sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 cup stale french bread broken into 1/2 ; pieces
1/2 cup chopped ripe pineapple
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon raisins
1 rum sauce
1/4 cup skim milk
1/2 teaspoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon dark rum
1 artificial sweetener to equal 2 ts ; sugar

preheat the oven to 350~ . beat the egg white with the skim milk ,
sweetener and cinnamon . add the bread to the liquid mixture to soak
for 1 minute . add the remaining ingredients except the sauce and pour
into a small baking dish . bake for 30 minutes , or until a knife
inserted into the center comes out clean . sauce-blend the cornstarch
with the skim milk . heat , stirring , until it thickens . add the rum
and sweetener . spoon the hot bread pudding onto plates and top with
the rum sauce . cal 163 ; fat 1.15gr . source : louisiana light

yield : 2 servings




dried tomato scones

breads , sun-dried , teatime

2 cup unbleached flour ; or 3 c
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 single salt
4 tablespoon butter
3/4 cup milk
2 teaspoon sonoma dried tomato bits ; heaping

preheat oven to 450~ . lightly grease a baking sheet and set aside .
sift together flour , soda , cream of tartar and salt . using a pastry
blender or your hands , cut in the butter ( or pulse in food processor )
until the mixture looks grainy , like coarse crumbs . pour the milk in
a well in the center , add tomatoes and mix until a soft elastic dough
is formed . do not overmix . knead dough lightly on a floured surface
until smooth and press with hands or roll dough into a pad about 3/4 ''
thick . cut into 2-1/2 to 3 '' rounds with a glass or cookie cutter .
bake on prepared sheet for about 10 minutes or until they rise and
are golden . ( wrv )

yield : 8 servings




whole wheat or graham bread

breads

6 cup milk
4 tablespoon sugar
3 teaspoon salt
6 cup whole wheat or graham flour
1 cake compressed yeast
1 or 1 cake dry yeast
2 tablespoon melted shortening
1 white flour

heat milk until lukewarm ; add yeast . if compressed yeast is used
allow to stand 5 minutes ; if dry yeast is used allow to stand 30
minutes . add sugar , salt , and shortening . add unsifted whole wheat
flour , a little at a time , beating thoroughly after each addition .
add sufficient sifted white flour to make dough just stiff enough to
knead . turn onto lightly floured board and knead until smooth and
elastic . cover with a damp cloth , set in a warm place , and allow
dough to rise until double in bulk . ( if dry yeast is used allow dough
to rise overnight in a warm place . ) work down and form into 3 loaves .
place in well-oiled bread pans . cover and let rise until double in
bulk . bake in hot oven ( 425 f ) about 45 minutes . 3 small loaves .
mrs. ralph chapman , stonington , il .

yield : 6 servings




sausage cornbread

breads , microwave , pork

-- -- phyllis smith wcdt64b -- --
1 lb bulk pork sausage
3/4 cup flour
3/4 cup cornmeal
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs ; beaten
1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup sausage drippings

crumble sausage over bottom of 9 '' round baking dish . microwave on high
setting for 4 1/2 to 7 minutes , stirring after half the time . drain
off fat and reserve 1/3 cup of it for cornbread . in another dish
reserve half of the cooked sausage . combine remaining ingredients in
mixing bowl . stir only till smooth . pour over sausage in baking dish .
crumble reserved sausage over top . center dish on inverted saucer in
oven . microwave on medium 6 minutes , rotating every 2 minutes . check
for doneness by looking into the bottom of the dish to be sure there
is no raw batter . let stand for 10 minutes before serving . source : my
famous little black box

yield : 6 servings




corn chips

appetizers , breads

1 cup warm ( 100 f. ) water
1 egg yolk
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup masa harina , or as needed
1 corn oil for frying

in a mixing bowl , whisk the water , egg yolk and salt together until
thoroughly mixed . gradually add enough masa to make a soft dough , just
stiff enough not to stick to your fingers .

in a heavy skillet , deep fryer , or elec . skillet preheat oil to at
least 375 f .

fit a cookie press or pastry bag with the plate or tip designed to
make a flat , ribbed shape and fill it with the masa dough . press out
into the hot oil a few short lengths of dough , enough to cover only
about half the surface of the oil . fry ribbons turning once , just
until golden brown . remove with slotted spoon or skimmer and drain on
paper towels .

serve chips while still warm , or cool completely and store airtight .
to serve chips after storage , freshen briefly in warm oven . will keep
for up to one week .

masa flour , made from specially processed corn , has a taste all its
own . cornmeal can not be substituted . chips can be made in double or
triple batches and are so quick they can be made on very short notice .

yield : 1 servings




scotch teas ( c & h )

biscuits

1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup c and h brown sugar - firmly packed
2 cup quick cooking rolled oats
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder

combine butter and sugar in saucepan ; cook and stir until butter
melts . remove from heat . stir in remaining ingredients ; mix well .
pour into greased 8-inch square pan . bake in 350 degree oven 25
minutes . cool ; cut into 24 bars .

note : cookies will seem soft when baked , but will harden when cold .

reprinted with permission from : bar cookies from the c and h sugar
kitchen by jean porter electronic format by karen mintzias

yield : 24 bars




peach pecan muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter , melted
1/4 cup milk
1 egg
2 med peaches , peeled & diced
1/2 cup pecans , chopped

combine all the dry ingredients . combine all the wet ingredients .
stir the two together just til moistened . fold in peaches & pecans .
spoon into muffin cups . sprinkle with additional cinnamon & sugar if
desired . bake at 400 for 20-25 min . *you can use frozen or canned
peaches for this too , just whir 'em in a food processor to break 'em
up a little- make sure you have a cup of pulp .

yield : 1 servings




parsley croutons

breads

3 tablespoon butter , unsalted
3 bread , white , slices
2 tablespoon parsley , fresh , minced
1 salt

contributed to the echo by : sallie austin originally from : bon appetit
magazine parsley croutons cut bread slices into 1/2-in cubes . melt
butter in a heavy large skillet over medium heat . add bread cubes .
season with salt . cook until light brown , stirring frequently , about
5 minutes . stir in parsley . drain on paper towels . ( can be prepared 6
hours ahead . cool completely . cover tightly . )

yield : 1 servings




celery seed bread

breads

6 tablespoon butter or margarine , softened
1/2 teaspoon celery seed
1/4 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon parsley flakes ; dried
4 hot dog rolls , sliced

in a mixing bowl , combine butter , celery seed paprika and parsley
flakes , stirring well to blend . spread on cut sides of each roll .
place on baking sheet ; broil until golden brown .

yield : 4 servings




bread pudding w/whiskey sauce

breads , desserts , sauces

-- -- bills2006 -- --
1 loaf french bread
1 quart milk
3 eggs
2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon vanilla
3 tablespoon margarine or butter ; butter
1 cup raisins
-- -- whiskey sauce -- --
1/4 lb butter or margarine
1 cup sugar
1 egg ; beaten
1 whiskey to taste

soak bread in milk ; crush with hands until well mixed . add eggs ,
sugar , vanilla and raisins and stir well . pour margarine or butter
into the bottom of an ovenproof heavy pan and bake until firm . let it
cool . cut pudding into squares and put in individual dessert dishes .
when ready to serve , pour the sauce over it and run under the broiler
until hot . whiskey sauce-cook sugar and butter in double boiler until
very hot and the sugar is well dissolved . add eggs and beat with a
whisk very fast . let cool and add whiskey to taste . source : bon ton
restaurant , n.o.la

yield : 1 servings




old-fashioned raisin cinnamon bagels

breads , bagels

-- -- 1 pound -- --
3/4 cup water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 tablespoon malt syrup , molasses or
1 white sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 3/4 cup bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/2 cup dark or golden raisins , at
1 beep*
-- -- 1 1/2 pound -- --
1 1/4 cup water
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoon malt syrup , molasses or
1 white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon cinnamon
3 1/3 cup bread flour
2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 dark or golden raisins , at
1 beep*

*or five minutes before the end of the kneading phase , or work into
dough .

the familiar , or old-fashioned , raisin cinnamon white bagel is a
`` ca n't miss '' appetite-pleaser . knead in another tablespoon or so of
cinamon before shaping the bagel for a marbleized look .

the best bagels are made at home by dona z. meilach

isbn 1-55867-131-5

carolyn shaw april 1996

yield : 1 servings




classical puff pastry

breads , baker

1 3 1/2 c all-purpose flour
1 1 1/2 ts salt
1 lb unsalted butter , cold
1 1/4 cup ice water

combine the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor and
process few seconds to combine . cut 2 ounces ( 4 tablespoons ) of the
butter into small pieces and process with the flour until there are
no lumps and the mixture is the texture of cornmeal .

pour half the ice water in a large bowl and turn the flour mixture
onto it . sprinkle the remaining water over it , reserving one
tablespoon . transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl , drizzle the
ice water evenly over it and toss like a salad until the dough comes
together in a ragged mass . add the remaining water if necessary .
cover in plastic wrap and chill .

meanwhile , place the remaining butter between layers of plastic wrap
and pound with a rolling pin to make malleable . place it between two
sheets of plastic wrap and , using your hands or a rolling pin , shape
it into a 6-inch square .

remove the dough from the fridge , lightly flour the work surface and ,
using either your hands or a rolling pin , shape the mass into 12-inch
square . place the butter on the dough catty-corner and fold the edges
of the dough into the center to enclose it .

lightly flour the surface of the dough and roll it into a rectangle
measuring about 12 inches high x 26 inches wide . if the dough sticks ,
loosen it underneath with a long flexible metal palette knife and
scrape off any butter sticking to the work surface . brush off any
excess flour . fold the dough into thirds and turn it 90 degrees , so
that seams are parallel to the table 's edge . this is called a
`` turn '' . lightly flour and roll it out again to about 12 x 26 inches .
brush off the excess flour and again fold it into thirds . place the
dough on a sheet tray , cover it with a plastic bag and refrigerate
for 20 to 30 minutes .

repeat this , giving the dough two more turns , each time rolling it
out to 12 x 26 inches . refrigerate for another 20 or 30 minutes ,
then give the dough 2 final turns . there are six turns in all .

lightly roll it to flatten and even it . wrap it in plastic wrap or a
bag and chill for at least two hours before using it . it can be kept ,
refrigerated , for up to 3 days , or frozen for up to 3 months .

yield : 2- 3/4 pounds of dough

to roll pastry : ( for home size 11 x 17-inch sheet trays )

for thinly rolled dough ( 1/16-inch ) used to make little pizzas start
with 15 ounces ( 1/3 of the recipe ) . for thickly rolled dough
( 3/8-inch ) used for everything else , start with 22 ounces ( 1/2
recipe ) .

line an 11 x 17-inch sheet tray with parchment paper . on a floured
table , roll the rectangle of dough to a length of 15 inches and a
width of 10 inches . dust off any excess flour . roll the dough up
onto the rolling pin and transfer it to the sheet tray . using a
10-inch rolling pin and rolling gently from the center out , roll the
dough to fit the tray . make sure it is even - with no lumpy edges .
rolling lightly and gently enables you to keep it even .

shapes to cut out of the 3/8-inch thick dough :

bouchee : cut 2 ( 3-1/2-inch ) rounds of dough . cut a 2-1/4-inch
circle out of the second round . egg wash the first round . place the
ring from the second round over the first so that the edges line up .
dock the edges and center with a fork . thin inner circle can be
baked as well and used for a lid .

bouchee made from special cutter : use and cutter made especially for
this purpose . it has two cutting edges - one inside and shorter than
the other that scores , rather than cuts the dough .

criss-cross tartlet : cut a 5-inch square . fold it into a triangle
and cut from each edge towards the apex , stopping about 1/2-inch
short of the apex . the cut should be about 1/2-inch from the edge .
open it up to the square and place on a cookie sheet . egg wash the
edges . bring one point over to the opposite corner of the inner
square and press . bring the opposite point over and press . press
along the rim to seal . dock rim and center .

puff strip : from a sheet tray of frozen dough , cut a rectangular
piece 8 '' wide and the length of the sheet tray . transfer it to a
paper lined cookie sheet . using a pizza wheel , cut a 3/4 '' strip from
each edge . egg wash the edges of the center piece and flip the cut
strips onto the egg washed edge . dock the 2 rims with a fork , then
dock down the center .

vol-au-vent : similar to above , but round . press whatever size round
you want into the dough on the sheet tray . lift and cut along the
circular impression with a pizza wheel . center another round , and
inch or so smaller in diameter than the first over the circle of
dough and press lightly . remove and cut along this line . egg was
the edge , as above , and cut through the outer rim in one place . place
the rim over the center circle , lining up the edges . dock the rim
with a fork , then dock the center . bake 20 to 25 minutes in a
preheated 425 degree f. oven .

bakers ' dozen peggy cullen show # bd1a40

yield : 4 servings




dog biscuits ( doggie treats that are good fo

breads , misc

2 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup powdered milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon brown sugar
6 tablespoon butter **
1 each egg , beaten
1/2 cup ice water

** butter , margarine , shortening or meat juices may be used .
combine the flour , milk , salt , garlic powder and sugar . cut in butter
until mixture resembles cornmeal . mix in egg then add enough ice
water to make a ball . pat dough to 1/2 inch thick on a lightly oiled
cookie sheet . cut out shapes with a cookie cutter or biscuit cutter
and bake on cookie sheet for 25 minutes at 3500f . remove from oven
and cool on a wire rack . to vary the flavor and texture , at the time
the egg is added , add any of the following : 1 cup pureed cooked green
vegetables or carrots ; 6 tablespoons whole wheat or rye kernals ; 3
tablespoons liver powder . ( last two items available in health food
stores )

yield : 12 servings




whole wheat sesame crackers

appetizers , breads , vegetables , snacks

6 tablespoon sesame seeds ; plus ...
1/2 cup sesame seeds
1 cup water
3 tablespoon canola or safflower oil
1 teaspoon fine sea salt
2 1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon nonaluminum baking powder

surprise your family or guests with freshly baked crackers . for
special occasions , use cookie cutters to make them into imaginative
shapes . serve them with a dip for an appetizer or pack them in a
lunch . crackers will keep for two to three weeks stored in an
airtight container . if the crackers lose some of their crispness ,
heat them at 250 f for about 5 minutes .

directions : =========== position two racks in the center and the
bottom third of the oven , and preheat the oven to 350 f .

spread 2 tablespoons sesame seeds on each of three unoiled baking
sheets . this will prevent the crackers from sticking and will give
them a delicious crisp bottom .

put the water , oil , and salt in a small bowl until combined . stir in
the 1/2 cup sesame seeds . add the water-oil mixture and mix to form
a rough dough . knead the dough in the bowl to form a ball , and turn
out onto a lightly floured work surface .

lightly flour a rolling pin . roll the dough out into a 22- by 14-inch
rectangle , about 1/16-inch thick . using a fork , prick the dough all
over to release trapped air and keep the dough flat . with a pizza
wheel or sharp knife , cut the dough into 2-inch squares or other
shapes , or cut shapes with a 2-inch cookie cutter .

using a spatula , transfer the crackers to the prepared baking sheets .
bake until the crackers are light brown and firm to the touch , 15 to
20 minutes , switching the positions of the sheets halfway through the
baking time . when the first two sheets are finished , remove them , and
bake the third one as directed . cool completely .

source : may all be fed - by john robbins ( including recipes by jia
patton & friends ) typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 72 crackers




cinnamon nuggets

breads

1 pkg refrigerated soft breadstick
1 ( 11 ounces )
1 cinnamon sugar

preheat oven to 375 f. unroll dough , cut strips crosswise into 10
pieces . roll dough in cinnamon sugar . place on lightly greased baking
sheet . bake at 375 f for 5 minutes . remove from baking sheet
immediately . makes 80 nuggets to make cinnamon sugar , combine 1
teaspoon ground cinnamon with 3 tablespoons sugar parmesan nuggets :
omit cinnamon sugar , roll dough in parmesan cheese . from the
baltimore gas and electric company marketing and energy service .

yield : 80 servings




khachapuri

breads , cheese/eggs

1 frances nossen ( swtk50b )
1 pkg yeast , dry
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup water , warm ( 110 )
3/4 cup milk , room temp
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup butter , melted
1 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 cup flour ( a/p or bread )
1 ***** filling :
8 oz muenster cheese
8 oz jarlsberg or swiss
8 oz cheddar , white
2 eggs , beat slightly
2 tablespoon parsley , chopped
1/4 teaspoon pepper , white

dissolve yeast and 1 tsp sugar in 1/4 cup water and
let stand 5-10 minutes to proof until foamy . add milk ,
2 tbs sugar , butter , salt , and enough flour to make a
soft dough . place in greased bowl and turn to coat
all sides . cover and let rise until double in bulk .
shred cheeses , combine all filling ingredients and
refrigerate . grease a 9 '' springform pan very well .
punch down dough , shape into a ball , and roll to a 20 ''
circle . ease dough into pan ( fold in half to lift and
unfold in pan ) letting excess hang over the edge .
mound cheese filling onto dough in pan and bring dough
up over
the filling , folding to make 8-12 evenly spaced
pleats .
twist and pinch edns together to make a rough knob .
cover with a buttered 12 '' square of waxed paper and
let rise
until double in bulk . brush loaf with glaze of 1 egg
white + 1 tbs water ( or use marg ) . bake 40-50 min . @
375 or until deep golden brown . remove bread from pan ,
place directly on oven rack ,
and bake for an additional 5 minutes to brown
bottom crust . cool on rack for 45 minutes before
cutting into wedges . * served with soup or salad , this
is a full meal ! ! ! can substitute 4 oz muenster and 4
oz swiss for 8 oz cheddar .
source : a bread book published by hp that i got in
the library .

yield : 8 servings




sour milk biscuits

breads

2 1/2 cup flour - general purpose
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon shortening - rounded
1 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt

mix quickly , roll about 1/2-inch thickness . fold and roll again . cut
out with biscuit cutter and place on greased baking sheet . bake
imediately in a hot oven about 400 f about 10 minutes . if sour milk
is very sour , add more soda .

yield : 1 servings




olive & thyme bread

breads

1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 cup water -- 105-115 degrees
1 1/4 cup basic bread sponge
3 1/4 cup all-purpose flour --
1 unbleached
1/3 cup all-purpose flour -- for
1 kneading
4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup kalamata olives -- pit &
1 chop roughly
4 teaspoon fresh thyme -- coarsely
1 chopped

can use any fleshy black olive in place of kalamatas .

in a bowl , dissolve the yeast in the water . allow to proof for three
minutes .

stir the sponge into the water , breaking the sponge up using your
hands or a spoon .

add 3 1/4 cups of the flour and salt and mix , scraping and folding
until the dough gathers into a single mass . mix in the olives and
thyme until distributed . this dough will be wet and sticky .

turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and knead as much
of the 1/3 cup of flour as is required to make a smooth and elastic
dough .

place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl , cover with plastic wrap and
refrigerate overnight .

halve the dough and shape each piece into a ball and place in an
oiled bowl and cover with plastic . allow to rise in a draft-free
location for two hours .

turn out each piece of the dough onto a lightly floured work surface
and press out any large bubbles . shape each half into a loose oval .
transfer each of the ovals into a 9x5 loaf pan , with the seam on the
bottom . cover again with plastic and allow to double in bulk , which
should take 2 to 2
1/2 hours .

preheat the oven for at least thirty minutes along with a baking
stone or tiles on the middle rack to 425 . place a baking pan with
decent sides on the bottom shelf . boil two cups of water . place the
loaf pans on the stones and then immediately pour the boiling water
into the baking pan .

bake for 35-40 minutes until the loaves are hollow sounding when
removed from the pans and tapped on the bottom . take the loaves out
of the pans and cool on a rack .

recipe by : amy scherber , food & wine 2/93

from : owner-mm-recipes @ idiscover.net o

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin-raisin bread

breads

1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 tablespoon sugar
2 eggs
3/4 cup cooked or canned pumpkin
1 cup unbleached enriched wt.flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup raisins
1/4 cup lowfat milk or orange juice

beat together the oil , sugar , eggs , and pumpkin until light and
fluffy . combine the flours , baking powder , baking soda , salt ,
cinnamon and raisins in a bowl . stir into the creamed mixture with
the milk or orange juice .

pour into an oiled 9 x 5 inch loaf pan . bake at 350 f for 40 to 45
minutes .

1/15 recipe - 153 calories , 1 bread , 1/2 fruit , 1 fat 23 grams
carbohydrate , 3 grams protein , 6 grams fat 122 mg sodium , 117 mg
potassium , 37 mg cholesterol

source : am . diabetes assoc . holiday cookbook by betty wedman 1986
shared but not tested by elizabeth rodier , nov 93

yield : 15 servings




lemon bread

breads

1 cup sugar
1 lemon ; rind of , grated
1/3 cup cooking oil
2 eggs
1/2 cup milk
1 1/2 cup flour ; sifted once
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup nuts ; walnuts , pecans , etc . ch
-- -- glaze -- --
1/4 cup powdered sugar
3 teaspoon lemon juice

mix all ingredients ( except those for glaze ) together in the order
given . put the mixture in greased loaf pan . bake 45 mintues to 1 hour
at 350 degrees . after removing from the oven , glaze the top with
mixture of confectioner 's sugar and lemon juice while the bread is
still hot .

serves 8 to 10 . excellent for a brunch or teatime .

source : 1979 new orleans times picayune recipe contest cookbook typed
for you by nancy coleman

yield : 10 servings




oregon hazelnut sourdough bread

breads

1 tablespoon dry yeast ; or
1 cake fresh yeast ; crumbled
2 tablespoon granulated sugar
1/2 cup warm water
1 1/2 cup sourdough starter
1 cup roasted & chopped hazelnuts ( oregon ; hazelnuts )
2 teaspoon salt
6 cup unbleached flour , as needed
1 cornmeal ( optional )

place the yeast , sugar and warm water in a mixing bowl . allow mixture
to sit about 5 minutes , or until the yeast has dissolved . add the
sourdough starter , hazelnuts and salt . add flour , 1 cup at a time ,
until a stiff dough is formed . turn out onto a floured surface and
knead for 10 minutes . place dough in a well-oiled bowl . cover with
plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in bulk ( about 1 hour ) . punch
down dough and turn out onto a floured surface . divide dough in two .
shape into long baguettes and place on a well-oiled baking sheet
sprinkled with cornmeal ( optional ) . with a sharp knife or a razor
blade , make 3-4 diagonal slashes across the top of each loaf . let
rise in warm place for 40 minutes . bake in a 400 oven for 20-25
minutes or until loaves are golden brown and sound hollow when
tapped . cool on a wire rack .

* cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from : * oregon
hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board

yield : 2 baquettes




jamaican banana bread *jb

breads , desserts

2 tablespoon stick margarine , softened
2 tablespoon tub light cream cheese , -softened
1 cup sugar
1 large egg
2 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 cup mashed ripe bananas
1/2 cup skim milk
2 tablespoon dark rum or 1/4t rum extract
1/2 teaspoon grated lime rind
2 teaspoon lime juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup chopped pecans , toasted
1/4 cup flaked , sweetened coconut
-- -- topping -- --
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
2 teaspoon margarine
2 teaspoon lime juice
2 teaspoon dark rum or 1/8t rum extract
2 tablespoon chopped pecans , toasted
2 tablespoon flaked , sweetened coconut

preheat oven to 375f . coat an 8 x 4-inch loaf pan with cooking
spray ; set aside .

beat 2 t margarine and cream cheese at medium speed ; add 1 cup sugar ,
beating well . add egg ; beat well .

combine flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt ; stir well . combine
banana , milk , rum , lime rind , lime juice and vanilla ; stir well . add
flour mixture to creamed mixture alternately with banana mixture ,
beginning and ending with flour mixture ; mix after each addition .
stir in
1/4 c pecans and 1/4 c coconut .

pour batter into prepared pan ; bake at 375f for 60 minutes . let cool
in pan 10 minutes ; remove from pan . let cool slightly on wire rack .

topping : combine brown sugar , margarine , lime juice and rum in
saucepan ; bring to a simmer . cook 1 minute ; stir constantly . remove
from heat . stir in pecans and coconut ; spoon over loaf .

per serving : 187 cal , 5.4 g fat ( 26 % ) , 2.9 g pro , 32 g carb , 1 g
fiber , 15 mg chol , 105 mg sod .

reprinted from cooking light magazine , march 1997 .

yield : 16 servings




potato sourdough starter

breads

1 pkg dry yeast warm water
2 tablespoon sugar
4 cup flour
1 potato ; raw quartered

here is a recipe from texas highways cookbook .

dissolve yeast in warm water ; and then mix all ingredients in a
1-gallon crock . ( do not use metal container ) cover with a
close-fitting lid and let the starter rise until light ( 12 hours in
warm weather , longer in cool weather ) . do not let the starter get
cold , ever . after using part of the starter , add 1 cup warm water , 2
teaspoons sugar , and enough flour to mix to the starter 's original
consistency . add more potato occasionally as food for the yeast , but
do n't add more yeast . use daily for best results . starter improves
with age . i am sure you will get some posts for flake starters . i do
not have one .

yield : 1 servings




aunt cora 's biscuits

breads

1 1/2 cup sifted unbleached flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda *
2 tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup shortening , melted
1 1/2 cup sourdough starter

* more baking soda may be added if the starter if very sour .
place flour in bowl , add starter in a well , then add melted
shortening and dry ingredients . mix lightly and turn out onto a
lightly floured board and knead until the consistency of bread dough ,
or of a satiny finish . pat or roll out dough to 1/2 inch thickness ,
cut and put on a greased pan . coat all sides of biscuits with melted
butter . let rise over boiling water for 1/2 hour . bake at 425
degrees f for 15 to 20 minutes .

yield : 4 servings




bagel thins~ lo cal~ lo salt

appetizers , breads , low cal

1 each bagel
2 teaspoon soft margarine , melted
1 teaspoon oregano , dried

using a very sharp serrated knife , slice bagel into very thin rounds .
arrange in single layer on baking sheet ; brush with margarine .
sprinkle with oregano . bake in 350f oven for 12 minutes . let cool and
store in airtight container for up to 1 week . per 1 piece serving : 14
cal ; .5g fat , 0 cholesterol , 15 mg salt .

yield : 20 servings




iron skillet biscuits

breads

2 cup self rising flour
3/4 cup water or milk
3 tablespoon shortening
1/2 cup butter , melted

preheat oven to 475 degrees . cut shortening into flour , gradually add
milk . generously grease 10 inch iron skillet . drop large spoonfuls of
batter into skillet ( an ice cream scooper works great . ) bake 5
minutes ; remove from oven and pour melted butter over top . return to
oven and bake 10 to 15 minutes longer , or until brown .

note : this recipe appeared in the waycross ( georgia ) journal-herald
17th annual cookbook november 16 , 1990 and was submitted by jo ann
whidby .

yield : 1 servings




chevre crackers

appetizers , breads , misc

1/2 cup unsalted butter ; room temp
4 oz goat cheese ; room temp
2 tablespoon freshly grated parmesan
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pinch cayenne pepper

preheat oven to 375 deg . blend butter and both cheeses in processor
until smooth . add remaining ingredients . process until just blended
using on/off turns . transfer mixture to pastry bag fitted with medium
star tip ( no . 4 ) . pipe in 2-inch-long strips on ungreased baking
sheet . bake until edges begin to brown , about 8 minutes . cool on
rack . store in airtight container .

( the fergusons ) ( c ) 1987 bon appetit publishing corp. compliments of
fred peters

yield : 36 servings




deep-dish pizza bread

appetizers , breads

1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
1/2 cup chopped sweet red pepper
1/3 cup chopped green onion
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper
1 cup milk
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1 egg
12 thin slices pepperoni
1/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella chees ; e

in large bowl , stir together flour , parmesan cheese , 1/3 cup of the
red pepper , green onion , baking powder , oregano , sugar , salt and
pepper . whisk together milk , oil and egg . pour over dry ingredients ;
stir just until moistened .

pour batter into lightly greased 9 inch round cake pan . arrange
pepperoni over top ; sprinkle with remaining red pepper and mozzarella
cheese .

bake in 350 f8f oven for about 35 minutes or until tester inserted in
centre comes out clean . let cool in pan . makes 6 servings . typed in
mmformat by cjhartlin @ msn.com source : the canadian living 20th
anniversary cookbook .

yield : 6 servings




overnight coffee bread

breads , brunch , pat

20 frozen dinner rolls
3 oz box jello vanilla pudding -not inst ; ant
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 stick melted butter
1/2 cup pecans

place frozen dinner rolls in a bundt pan . stir together remaining
ingredients and pour on top of rolls . cover with a towel and leave
overnight . the following morning , bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes .
freeze while hot for fast reheating in microwave .
pat empson 05/25 10:01 am
food and wine bb topic : food software time : 05/25 10:09 am

to : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) from : pat empson ( pfxx29a ) subject :
r-mm-mixed bag

yield : 10 servings




old fashioned herb bread

breads

2 cup ( 473 ml ) warm water
1/4 cup ( 59 ml ) honey
2 tablespoon ( 30 ml ) dry baking yeast
1 teaspoon ( 5 ml ) salt ( optional )
1/3 cup ( 79 ml ) dry milk powder
1 1/2 tablespoon ( 22 ml ) dried and crumbled herb or ; 3 to 4 ( 45 to 60 ml )
1 fresh herb , chopped fine*
1/2 cup ( 118 ml ) soy flour
5 cup ( 1.21 ) whole wheat flour ( approxima ; tely )

stir honey into warm water . sprinkle yeast onto water and let stand
5 to 10 minutes . add salt , milk , and herbs and blend well . sift in
half of flours and stir . add part of the remaining flours ( according
to the coarseness of the flour more or less than 5 cups ( 1.21 ) may be
needed ) . knead 5 to 10 minutes . dough should be elastic . allow to
rise in oiled bowl until doubled in volume . knead again , shape into
two loaves and place in oiled bread pans to rise again until double
in size . bake at 350 ( 177c ) 45 to 55 minutes .

*select any herb or a combination of several : anise seed , sweet basil ,
caraway seed , chervil , chives , dill seed or weed , sweet marjoram ,
oregano , parsley , sage , savory , tarragon , or thyme .

from : rodale 's encyclopedia of indoor gardening shared by : pat
stockett

yield : 6 servings




sourdough starter i

breads

1 envelope dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 cup warm water ( 105 - 115 f )
2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour

makes about 3 cups

sprinkle yeast and sugar over water in large bowl ; stir to dissolve .
let stand until foamy , about 5 minutes . add flour and whisk until
smooth . cover bowl with plastic wrap . let stand in warm draft-free
area until sour aroma develops , stirring daily , 2 to 3 days . cover
tightly and refrigerate . ( if not used at least once a week , pour off
1 cup starter and replenish as below . ) bring to room temperature and
stir before using .

to replenish starter : for each 1 cup used , add 1 cup warm water , 1
cup all-purpose flour and 1 tsp sugar to starter . whisk until smooth .
cover with plastic wrap . let stand in warm draft-free area overnight .
stir . cover and refrigerate .

bon appetit

yield : 3 servings




babki smietankowe ( filled baba )

breads , desserts , poland

-- -- baba -- --
2 cup butter/margarine ; room temp
1 cup sugar , granulated
2 eggs
3 egg whites
2 1/2 cup flour , all-purpose
-- -- custard -- --
3 egg yolks
3/4 cup sugar , granulated
3/4 cup whipping cream
1/4 teaspoon salt

for baba : beat butter at high speed of an electric mixer .
gradually add sugar , creaming until fluffy . beat in whole eggs and 2
egg whites . stir in flour , and mix well .
for custard : combine all ingredients in the top of a double boiler
or a heavy saucepan ( you can also cook the custard in the microwave ) .
cook and stir until custard is thickened ; set aside to cool a few
minutes .
generously grease muffin pan cups ; coat with fine dry bread crumbs .
line each cup with 1 tablespoon of the baba dough . spoon in 2
tablespoons of the custard , and top with more dough . beat reserved
egg white until just foamy , and brush top of each bab . bake at 350
degrees for 20 to 25 minutes . makes
18 babas .
from - culinary arts polish cookbook , mm/posting by donw1948 @ aol.com

yield : 18 babas




joululimppa ( finnish holiday rye bread )

breads , ethnic

2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup molasses
1/4 cup butter or margarine
2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
2 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1 grated rind of 1 orange
1 cup rye flakes or wheat germ
2 cup dark or light rye flour
3 1/2 to 4 1/2 cups uncleached white or w ; hole wheat flour
1 glaze :
1 tablespoon molasses
2 tablespoon water

similar to swedish rye . can be toasted .

heat the buttermilk , molasses , butter or margarine , salt , fennel
seeds , and caraway seeds until the butter melts . set aside to cool .

dissolve the yeast in the warm water . let it stand for 5 minutes
until the yeast bubbles . ( ( my comment : whisk in some flour and
molasses to nourish the yeast . ) ) add the yeast to the cooled
buttermilk mixture along with the grated orange rind , rye flakes or
wheat germ , and rye flour . beat well until smooth . add 3 to 3 1/2
cups of wheat flour , stirring in a cup at a time , until the dough
will not readily absorb more flour . the dough will be rough .

flour a work surface with the remaining wheat flour and turn the
dough out onto it . cover the dough with a damp cloth and let it rest
for 15 minutes . ( the gluten in rye is more fragile than in wheat . it
needs a resting time to recuperate and reform and does not require as
vigorous or lengthy a kneading ) .

gently knead the dough for 5 to 10 minutes until smooth . form the
dough into a ball and place it in a large buttered bowl or pot ,
turning it to coat all sides with butter . cover it and let it rise ,
in a warm spot , until doubled in size , about an hour .

punch down the dough and gently knead it for one minute . form the
dough into three round loaves and place in lightly buttered 9-inch
cake pans or on buttered baking sheets . cover and let rise until
almost doubled in size , 45 minutes to an hour .

preheat the oven to 375 degrees . combine the water and molasses ,
brush the tops with half of this mixture to glaze . then lightly
pierce the loaves all over with a fork .

bake for 35 to 45 minutes , until the bread sopunds hollow when tapped
on the bottom . while the bread is hot , brush it with the remaining
glaze . remove the loaves from the pans and cool on racks .

yields 3 loaves .

from : sundays at moosewood restaurant , simon & schuster/ fireside ,
new york . 1990 . posted by : karin brewer , cooking echo , 7/92

yield : 6 servings




hungarian christmas bread

breads , hungarian

1 pkg dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
2/3 cup warm water
1 cup butter , at room temperature
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon grated lemon peel
1/4 cup nonfat dry milk
2 1/2 to 3-1/2 cups unbleached flour
1 cup ground poppy seeds
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup milk
1 glaze :
1 egg beaten with 1 tsp wat

in a small cup , dissolve the yeast and sugar in the water . let stand
for a few minutes . meanwhile , combine the butter , sugar , salt , 1
tbsp lemon peel , and milk in a large mixing bowl . then add 2-1/2 cups
of flour alternately with the yeast mixture . blend the dough well .
turn the dough out onto a floured board . knead for about 10 minutes
until the dough is smooth and not sticky . add more flour as
necessary . put the dough into a greased bowl , turning so the top is
greased . let rise in a warm , draft-free place until doubled in bulk ,
about 1 hour . while the dough is rising , prepare the filling . combine
the poppy seeds , sugar , raisins , milk , and the rest of the lemon peel
in the top half of a double boiler . cook it over hot water until the
mixture is of spreading consistency . stir constantly . it should
thicken in about 10 minutes . remove from heat and cool to room
temperature . punch the dough down , divide in half , and roll each
piece into a long rectangle about 1/4 inch thick . spread the filling
on top of each piece , then roll up . pinch the seams together so the
filling ca n't come out . place the rolls on a large greased baking
sheet and brush with the glaze . cover the rolls with wax paper laid
across water glasses so the paper does n't touch the dough . let rise
again for 30 minutes . apply a second coat of glaze . bake the loaves
in a preheated 325 f oven for about an hour . if the top browns too
rapidly , cover loosely with aluminum foil . cool on a wire rack . makes
2 loaves .

yield : 2 servings




juletide cranberry bread

breads , fruits , christmas , norwegian , midwestern

2 cup flour
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup cranberries , sliced in half
1 cup chopped nuts
1 juice and grated rind of 2 oranges
2 tablespoon shortening
1/2 cup boiling water
1 egg , beaten

preheat the oven to 350f . sift the flour , sugar , baking powder , baking
soda , and salt together . add the cranberries and the nuts .

combine the juice , rind , shortening , and water . add the egg to the
juice and blend into the cranberry mixture .

pour into a buttered loaf pan , and bake 1 hour , until a toothpick
comes out dry .

1 myhre , helen and mona vold
farm recipes and food secrets
from the norske nook .
crown publishers , inc .
new york

mm format by john hartman indianapolis , in

yield : 1 loaf




italian sausage bread

breads , italian

1 lb pizza dough
4 sausage links
1 large onion chopped
1 large pepper
1/4 lb shredded mozzarella
1/4 cup grated cheese
1 salt and pepper
1 egg wash ( 1 egg whipped
1 with 1 tb water )

let dough rise until double in size . ( about 4 hrs ) squeeze sausage
meat from skin and crumble . sautee with onion and chopped pepper .
drain well . punch down dough and cut in half . roll into a rectangle .
top with half meat and cheeses . roll up and place in shallow baking
pan seam side down . repeat with other dogh . brush egg wash over both
loaves . cut 3 slits 1 '' in each loaf . bake at 375 for 25-30 min . serve
warm . ( wrv )

yield : 2 servings




pinto bean bread

breads

-- -- blend in large bowl -- --
2 cup milk-lukewarm
2 pkg dry yeast
-- -- add -- --
2 cup cooked , mashed , unseasoned
1 pinto beans
2 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon shortening
-- -- stir in -- --
5 cup flour < 5-6c >

add enough flour to handle dough easily . turn onto floured board and
knead until smooth and elastic . place in greased bowl , turning once .
cover and let rise in warm place until double in size , about 1 hour .
punch down , cover , and let rise again until almost double . divide
dough into tow portions and shape into loaves . place in greased pans ;
cover , let rise until almost double , about 45 mins . bake 350 for 50
mins .

yield : 2 servings




piney woods hush puppies

breads

2 1/2 cup yellow corn meal
1 teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 egg , beaten
2 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 cup cooking oil ( about )

mix all dry ingredients ; beat milk and egg together and combine with
dry ingredients ; batter should hold its shape when picked up in
spoon . if it is too soft , add more cornmeal . drop by molded
tablespoon into 350 '' f fat and cook about 1 1/2 minutes ; turn and cook
on second side 1 minute . allow oil to heat a few seconds after
removing a batch . delicious freshly cooked and hot ; however , leftover
hush puppies freeze well . when ready to serve frozen hush puppies ,
place on oven rack in preheated 250 '' f until very hot and crisp . makes
about 48 hush puppies 2 '' round . hints on frying : using a small
diameter heavy saucepan allows using a minimum oil ; a 5 or 6 inch pan
with oil 1 1/2 inches deep and heated to 350 '' f will cook three hush
puppies in about 2 1/2 minutes . when batter consistency is correct
and oil is at 350 '' f , hush puppies will become firm , round shapes
almost as soon as they enter the hot oil . if they are cooked in oil
that is too hot , they will not cook in the center . serving
suggestions : especially good served with fried catfish , trout ,
shrimp , oysters , chicken or chicken-fried steak . source : texas
recipes from texas places v1

yield : 48 servings




sarah 's zucchini bread

breads

3 eggs
1 cup oil
2 cup sugar
2 cup zucchini , grated
3 teaspoon vanilla
3 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon soda
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup nuts , chopped

mix the eggs , oil , sugar , zucchini and vanilla . add to this mixture
the flour , salt , soda , cinnamon , baking powder . fold in the chopped
nuts . grease and flour two 8x4x2 loaf pans . evenly divide mixture .
bake 1 hour in 325 degree oven .

yield : 6 servings




classic challa

breads , jewish

2 pkg dry yeast warm water
1/8 cup sugar
3/4 tablespoon salt
7 cup flour
3 eggs
1/2 cup oil
1 poppy seeds ; or sesame seeds

disolve yeast in warm water in large bowl.when dissolved , add
sugar , salt and half the flour.mix well.add eggs and oil , then slowly
stir in most of remaining flour.dough will be quite heavy , add a
little water and beat until dough starts to pull away from sides of
bowl.turn out onto well floured surface and knead for about 10
min.add only enough flour to keep dough manageable , knead until dough
is smooth and elastic.place dough in large oiled bowl , turn so top
gets oiled also.cover with damp towel and let rise in warm place for
abt . 2 hours , punching down every 20 minutes.divide dough into three
parts , shape into loaves ( or twist ) , place in well greased loaf pans or
baking sheets.let rise until double in bulk.preheat oven to 375
degr.f.brush tops of loaves with beaten egg and sprinkle with
seeds.bake for 30 to 45 minutes ; or until brown.remove from oven and
cool on rack .

yield : 1 servings




homemade water crackers

breads

2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening
10 tablespoon cold water
2 tablespoon sesame seeds
1 kosher salt

combine salt , baking powder and flour in a food processor . process
very briefly just to mix . place shortening on top of flour mixture .
process again until shortening disappears into the mixture . start
processing and gradually add the water , incorporating only enough to
make a firm dough that gathers into a ball . knead the dough briefly
on a work surface just until cohesive . wrap in plastic wrap and let
rest 15 minutes . adjust rack to lower third of oven ; preheat to 350f .

divide the dough into half . on a lightly floured surface , roll out
each half to a 1/8 '' ( or thinner ) thickness ; prick the pastry all over
with the tines of a fork . cut out dough with a 2 '' round cutter ;
sprinkle lightly with seeds and kosher salt , if desired . arrange the
crackers on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . bake 10
minutes , then turn crackers over and bake an additional 3-4 minutes ,
or until light golden and crisp . cool crackers on a wire rack . store
in airtight tins .

per 2 crackers : calories : 60 , protein : 1 g , carbohydrate : 8 g , fat : 2
g , saturated fat : 1 g , sodium : 36 mg , no cholesterol , no fiber .

source : san francisco chronicle typed by katherine smith kook-net : the
shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 4 dozen




mama 's easy sourdough biscuits

breads

4 1/2 cup self-rising flour
2 cup buttermilk
2/3 cup cooking oil
2 pkg yeast
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon soda

mix all ingredients . keep tightly covered in refrigerator . take
out as needed and knead with a little extra flour and bake . courtesy
telephone pioneers billspalding *p crbr 38 a

yield : 1 servings




gingerbread from lucerne ( luzern )

breads , desserts , swiss

4 1/2 deciliter fresh cream
3 lemons ; juice to sour the cream
120 gm pear puree
200 gm sugar
10 gm mixed spices ; star aniseed , cloves , ci
5 gm bicarbonate of soda
500 gm whole wheat flour
150 gm walnuts ; roughly crushed

( units : 100 g = 3 1/2 oz ; 1 dl = 3 1/2 fl oz = 2/5 cup ; 180 oc = 350
of ; 200 oc = 400 of ; 230 oc = 450 of ; 250 oc = 475 of ; 2.5 cm = 1
inch )

gingerbread from lucerne , the story :

there has always been a place for gingerbread on market stalls and at
fairs . it was customary for a young man to offer his sweetheart a
gingerbread cake , which she would acceptwith delight . since the middle
ages , lucerne has seen the creation of a large number of such
delicacies influenced by its governors and merchants .

the recipe :

add the lemon juice to the cream and leave for a few minutes . mix
together the cream , pear puree sugar , mixed spices and bicarbonate of
soda . add the flour . mix until well blended and then add the nuts .

fill a flan ring ( 24 cm diameter , 6 cm high ) and bake in the oven for
50 minutes at 190 oc .

serve cold .

culinary art and traditions of switzerland , pro gastronomia , 1992

typed for you by rene gagnaux @ 2:301/212.19

yield : 1 bread




orange & date bread

breads

1 cup butter or margarine , soft
2 cup sugar
3 eggs
4 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/3 cup buttermilk
1 cup chopped dates
1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
-- -- glaze -- --
1/4 cup orange juice
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon grated orange rind

cream butter and sugar . add eggs , beat well . combine dry
ingredients and add alternately with the buttermilk . fold in walnuts ,
dates and orange rind . pour into two 8 1/2 inch greased and floured
pans and bake at 350f . degrees for about an hour . comb

notes : can be made ahead and frozen . from taste of home magazine ,
dec.'94

yield : 2 loaves




easter bunny breads

breads , holiday , childrens

2 pkg yeast , quick rise
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
4 1/2 cup flour
6 tablespoon margarine
2 single eggs , lg
8 single kisses , milk chocolate
1 tablespoon sugar , confectioners '

about 2 hours before serving or early in the day .

in bowl , combine yeast , sugar , salt , and 1 cup flour . in saucepan over
medium heat , heat margarine and 1 cup water until very warm ( 125
degrees ) .

with mixer at low speed , beat liquid into dry ingredients . at medium
speed , beat 2 minutes . reserve 1 egg white ; beat in egg and egg yolk
with 1 cup flour ; beat 2 minutes . stir in 2 1/4 cups flour .

turn dough onto floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic ,
about 5 minutes , working in about 1/4 cup flour while kneading . shape
dough into ball ; cover and let rest 15 minutes .

preheat oven to 375 degrees . grease 2 cookie sheets . cut dough into
eighths . for 1 bunny ; cut 1 piece dough in half ; shape half into
ball , with a kiss in center , for body . place on cookie sheet . cut
other half in half ; shape half into ball ; brush with egg white ; place
next to large ball , tucking slightly under it for head . from
remaining half , pinch off 3/4-indh piece for tail and shape 2 ears .
brush tail and ears with egg white ; tuck slightly under bunny . brush
body with egg white . make 3 more bunnies . bake 15 minutes or until
browned . cool on rack . repeat to make 4 more .

mix confectioners ' sugar with about 1/4 teaspoon water and a hint of
red food coloring ( for pink ) ; use to draw face on bunnies . if you
like , tie bows around bunnies ' necks .

yield : 8 servings




sharon 's buttermilk currant scones

desserts , biscuits

3 cup flour
1 cup buttermilk
1/3 cup sugar , plus
2 tablespoon sugar
3/4 cup currants
1 teaspoon grated orange rind , orange part , or ; zest , only
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon heavy cream
3/4 cup butter
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon

these scones have a fine , dense crumb with a little orange and
cinnamon - a delicious combination of texture and flavour .

preheat the oven to 400f .

use an ungreased baking sheet .

combine the flour , 1/3 cup of the sugar , baking powder , baking soda ,
and salt in a mixing bowl . stir with a fork to mix well and aerate .
cut the butter into the flour mixture , using a pastry blender or two
knives or working with your fingertips , until the mixture looks like
fresh crumbs . add the buttermilk , currants , and orange rind . mix only
until the dry ingredients are moistened .

gather the dough into a ball and press so it holds together . turn the
dough out onto a lightly floured surface . knead lightly twelve times .
divide the dough in two and pat each half into a circle 1/2 to 3/4
inch thick .

in a small bowl combine the cream , cinnamon , and remaining 2 tb sugar ,
stirring to blend . brush the dough with this glaze .

cut each circle into eight scone shape pieces ( circular , or wedge ) .
place the scones slightly apart on the baking sheet . bake for about
12-15 minutes , or until the tops are browned .

serve hot .

yield : 16 scones




ro*tel cornbread xxxj77a

breads , quick & easy , tex-mex

3/4 cup white cornmeal
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
3 tablespoon flour
1/4 teaspoon soda
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable shortening ; melted
1 cup buttermilk
1 egg ; beaten
1 jalapeno ; finely chopped
10 oz ro*tel tomato w/green chili
1 all ingredients together . b

degrees for 25 to 30 minutes . this recipe comes from a book `` snake ;
rattle ; and ro*tel . ''

yield : 8 servings




nutty brown bread ( claire latimer )

breads

6 oz wholemeal flour
2 oz white flour
2 oz pinhead oatmeal
2 oz wheatgerm
2 oz bran
2 oz pecans , finely chopped
1 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 egg
10 fl oz skimmed milk
-- -- for top of loaf -- --
1 sunflower seeds ( optional )

preheat the oven to 190c,375f , gas mark 5 . place all the dry
ingredients in a large bowl and mix well . add the egg and milk and
mix well with a spoon . put into a 1-pint non-stick loaf tin , smooth
over roughly , sprinkle over the sunflower seeds and bake for 45 to 60
minutes or until crisp on top and it leaves a skewer clean if
speared . source : clare latimer , evening standard , london , england

yield : 1 loaf




bread omlette

breads , cheese/eggs

1 cup fresh bread crumbs
1 cup boiled milk
4 eggs
1 pinch salt

soak the crumbs in the milk for an hour , then beat the eggs and mix
them in , season with salt and pepper if liked . fry slowly and when
done cut into squares and serve . from : matejka @ bga.com ( anita a .
matejkadate : 96-09-09 23:43:38 edt

yield : 1 servings




yorkshire pudding kump style

breads , puddings

1/2 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup cold water
2 eggs , lightly beaten
1 tablespoon roast beef drippings

mix flour and salt in a small bowl . add milk gradually , whisking until
smooth . add water and eggs and whisk until foamy . cover loosely and
let stand for 30 minutes . preheat oven to 500f . pour 1/2 teaspoon
drippings into each of six muffin tins , and heat in the oven 1-2
minutes . beat batter until foamy again and spoon 3 tablespoons batter
into each cup . bake 8 minutes without opening the oven door . serve
immediately with roast beef and gravy .

yield : 6 servings




helen 's white bread

breads

1 2/3 cup warm water
1/2 oz fresh yeast or
1 tablespoon dried yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 lb all purpose flour
2 teaspoon salt
1/2 oz shortening , soft

dissolve the yeast in the warm water with the sugar and fill your
mixer bowl with hot water while weighing flour .

pour the yeast mixture into the bowl with the shortening and add the
flour . knead for 30 seconds on speed 1 then turn to speed 2 and
continue kneading for 3 more minutes til dough is smooth and leaves
the side of the bowl clean . place in a greased plastic bag and let
rise for 1-1 1/2 hours . return to bowl and knead a further minute .

either fit into 3 x 1 lb greased loaf pans ( which should be half
full ) or shape into 2 or 3 baps and cook on a baking tray . cover and
prove until double in bulk . bake at 450 f/230 c/mk 8 for 25 to 30
minutes . when done the loaves should sound hollow when rapped on the
bottom .

yield : 2 servings




honey almond whole wheat bread

breads

1 cup whole blanched almonds
2 cakes or packets ( 6 0z ea )
1 active yeast
1 cup warm water ( 80-85 degrees )
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup honey
2 eggs , beaten
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter , melted
2 teaspoon grated orange rind
1/2 cup buttermilk or sour milk
2 cup whole wheat flour , unsifted
2 1/2 cup white flour , unsifted
1 brown sugar filling

chop almonds . note , that other nuts can be substituted . crumble yeast
if in cake form ) or packets and add into warm water and stir until
dissolved . stir in brown sugar and honey . stir in eggs , salt , melted
butter , orange rind and buttermilk ( or sour milk ) . mix all flours
with all but 2 tablespoons of nuts ; stir into liquid mixture . let
this very soft dough rest for 10 minutes .

scrape dough onto board or pastry cloth dusted with about 1/2 cup of
additional all-purpose flour . knead for about 5 minutes , working in
flour on the board , until dough is elastic but still soft and tender .

place dough in greased bowl . cover with plastic wrap and let rise in
a warm place about 2 1/2 hours , or until doubled in bulk . ( a turned
off oven with the light on is a good place . )

turn dough onto floured board again ; gently pat into a 12x10 inch
rectangle . sprinkle brown sugar filling over dough and roll up from
the 10 inch side . fold two ends under to make a ball-shaped loaf and
place on a greased baking sheet . brush with melted butter .

fold a 36 inch piece of foil to make a 2 inch wide strip 36 inches
long . fasten with paper clips into a ring and set ring around the
dough . cover loosely with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm oven
until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . sprinkle loaf with remaining
chopped nuts , ( and some butter and brown sugar if you like ) and bake
at 350f for 1 hour or until golden brown .

makes one 3 3/4 pound loaf . cut into halves or quarters and freeze
separately , if you like .
======================================================================

brown sugar filling

mix 1/2 cup brown sugar , packed , with 1 tablespoon cinnamon and 2
tablespoons wheat germ . i also add some finely chopped nuts . be
creative , add what you like !

yield : 1 servings




annie mae 's peanut butter waffles

breads , breakfast

1 3/4 cup flour , all-purpose , sifted
1 tablespoon baking powder
3 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoon peanut butter
1/4 cup butter
2 eggs
1 3/4 cup milk

sift flour , baking powder , sugar , and salt into a bowl . cream peanut
butter with butter until smooth . beat eggs and milk until blended ,
add to peanut butter mixture and beat well . add sifted dry
ingredients and mix just until smooth . bake in hot waffle iron
following manufacturer 's instructions . serve immediately with jelly
or syrup .

yield : 6 servings




injera bread

breads

3 cup warm water
2 1/2 cup self rising flour ; goldmedal
3 tablespoon club soda

place warm water into food blender . add flour to water and blend ,
slowly at first , then with rapid speed . < do in two batches unless you
have a large and powerful blender > remember to scrape down sides of
bowl with rubber spatula .

place batter in 6 cup bowl and stir in the club soda .

heat 12 inch electric frying pan < siverstone lined > to 400 . using
ladle , pour 1/4c of batter onto one corner of the hot pan .
immediately tilt the pan about to cover the bottom of the pan evenly
with the batter . cook , uncovered , until the top of the pancakelike
bread is filled with holes and is no longer wet . the edges should
begin to curl just a bit . remove quickly with your fingers and place
the bread on a kitchen towel . let it cool 3 or 4 mins as you prepare
the next bread . place the cooled breads on a plate .

continue this process until all of the batter is used . stack the
cooled breads one on top of the other and cover with plastic wrap
until dinner .

can be made 3 hours in advance of dinner .

yield : 8 breads




lefse

breads , christmas

2 cup milk , scalded
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup lard
4 cup flour

add lard , salt and 2 cups flour to scalded milk and mix well over low
heat . remove from fire . sift 2 cups of flour on board , add warm
dough and work in flour . knead well and cool . this dough can be
rolled immediately or kept in a cool place for a couple of days . may
be stored in a plastic bag . make a small patty , about hamburger size ,
with even sealed edges as you would for pastry . flour board lightly
and with a scandinavian rolling pin roll patty in all directions ,
keeping the dough round . roll lightly , stretching dough until it is
almost as large as the lefse baker . use pointed stick to handle dough
when it is transferred from the board to the baker . brown lightly ,
prick air bubbles , turn and brown other side . it may be necessary to
change heat control from high to low . this is a soft bread . serve
with butter , or butter and sugar . ( note : i do n't have either a
scandinavian rolling pin or a lefse baker , so i use a regular rolling
pin and a griddle . this is like a swedish tortilla ! we usually spread
butter and sprinkled sugar over the lefse then rolled them up and
devoured them ! )

yield : 6 servings




peanut butter bread

breads

3 medium potato ; peeled/chopped
5 cup flour ; divided
1/4 cup sugar , brown
2 teaspoon salt
2 pkg yeast , dry
1/4 cup shortening
1 egg ; beaten
1/2 cup peanut butter , chunky

cook potatoes in boiling water to cover 10 minutes or until tender .
drain potatoes , reserving two cups water ( add water to make 2 cups if
neces- sary ) . reserve potatoes for another use ; set potato water
aside .

combine two cups flour , sugar , salt , and yeast ; mix well . set aside .

combine potato water and shortening in a saucepan ; cook , stirring con-
stantly , until shortening melts . cool to 110 f. , and pour over flour
mixture . mix on low speed of an electric mixer until blended . add
egg and peanut butter , mixing until ingredients are well blended .
gradually stir in enough of remaining flour to make a soft dough .

turn dough out on a floured surface , and knead until smooth and
elastic . place in a well-greased bowl , turning to grease top . cover
and let rise in a warm , draft-free place until doubled ( about an
hour ) .

punch dough down and halve . turn each portion out on a lightly
floured surface , and roll out to a 14 '' x7 '' rectangle ; fold and
re-roll . starting with the narrow end , roll tightly as for a
jellyroll .

pinch the seams together to seal edges . place loaves , seam side
down , in two well-greased loaf pans . cover and let rise again until
doubled ( about 45 minutes ) . bake at 375 f. for 40 to 50 minutes .

lucille carroll
boca raton , fl
per southern living magazine

yield : 12 servings




drop donuts

breads , cakes , german

1/4 cup butter ; softened
1 cup sugar
2 egg yolks ; large , beaten
1 egg ; large , whole , beaten
4 cup flour ; unbleached
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup butter or sour milk
1 confectioners ' sugar

orig- servings : 10
cream the butter and sugar . stir in egg yolks and whole egg ;
blend . in a
separate bowl , sift all dry ingredients except the confectioners '
sugar ;
add to creamed mixture , alternating with buttermilk . stir to mix all
ingredients . cook by dropping spoonsfuls of dough into 375 degree
f deep
fat . fry a few at a time , to keep fat temperature constant . turn to
brown on all sides . drain on paper towels ; sprinkle with
confectioners '
sugar .

yield : 4 servings




delectable date muffins

breads , gluten-free

1 1/2 cup rice flour
1/2 cup brown rice flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup low-fat buttermilk
2 eggs ; or ... frozen egg substit
3 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/3 cup orange juice concentrate - ( frozen ) ; , thawed
1 tablespoon grated orange peel , optional
1 cup chopped pitted dates

combine rice flour , brown rice flour , baking powder , xanthan gum ,
baking soda and salt in large bowl . whisk together buttermilk , eggs ,
oil , juice concentrate and orange peel in medium bowl ; stir in dates .
make a well in center of flour mixture ; pour in liquid mixture , and
stir to combine . spoon batter into lightly greased muffin cups . use
back of wet spoon to smooth muffin tops . bake in 425 degree f. oven
18 to 20 minutes . turn muffins onto wire rack to cool .

each muffin provides : * 182 calories * 4 g. protein * 5 g. fat * 32 g .
carbohydrate * 2 g. dietary fiber * 38 mg. cholesterol * 186 mg .
sodium

*** variations *** maple rice bran muffins : use 1-3/4 cup rice flour
and 1/4 cup rice bran for flours ; substitute 1/3 cup maple syrup for
orange juice concentrate ; add 1 cup chopped apples , 1 cup raisins ,
and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon ; omit orange peel and dates .

double-corn muffins : substitute 1/2 cup cornmeal for brown rice
flour ; omit orange juice concentrate ; add 1/4 cup water , and 2
tablespoons honey ; add one 8-3/4-ounce can corn kernels , drained , or
1 cup frozen corn , 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes ; increase salt to
1/2 teaspoon ; omit orange peel and dates .

source : basic rice recipes for those with allergies reprinted with
permission from usa rice council electronic format courtesy of karen
mintzias

~ -- --



yield : 12 muffins




san francisco-style french bread

breads , sourdough

1 1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 cup sourdough starter
2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoon salt
5 cup all-purpose flour ( or 6 )
1 water for tops of loaves

warm a large bowl . pour 1 1/2 cups warm water into warmed bowl .
sprinkle yeast over water . set aside to soften 5 minutes . stir in
sourdough starter , sugar and salt . beat in 3 cups flour until
blended . cover with a cloth and set in a warm place free from drafts .
let rise 1 1/2 to 2 hours or until doubled in size . lightly grease a
large baking sheet ; set aside . stir down dough . stir in enough
remaining flour to make a medium stiff dough . turn out onto a
lightly floured surface . knead dough 8 to 10 minutes or until smooth
and elastic . add more flour if necessary . shape kneaded dough into
two 10x3 1/2 '' loaves . pull out ends of each to make them narrower
than center of loaf . or shape into 2 round loaves . place on prepared
baking sheet . cover with a cloth and set in a warm place free from
drafts . let rise 1 to 2 hours or until almost doubled in size .
preheat oven to 400f . pour water 1 '' deep into a 12x 71/2 '' baking
pan . place in bottom of preheating oven . use a pastry brush to brush
tops of loaves with water . use a very sharp knife to cut diagonal
slashes across tops of loaves . bake in preheated oven 45 minutes or
until crust is golden brown and loaves sound hollow when tapped with
your fingers . after 30 minutes , if loaves are golden brown , cover
with a tent of foil to prevent further browning . remove from baking
sheet . cool on a rack . makes 2 loaves .

yield : 4 servings




whole wheat french bread

breads , french

1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon lite salt
2 1/2 cup lukewarm water
3 cup white flour
2 cup whole wheat flour ( or 3 )
1 each egg white+1 t cold water

combine yeast , sugar , lite salt and water in a large bowl . gradually
add the flours and mix well ( hands work best ) . at first the dough will
be very sticky ; add enough flour to transfer it to a lightly floured
board . knead until the dough is no longer sticky ( about 10 minutes ) ,
adding more flour as necessary . place in a lightly oiled bowl . cover
with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in
volume ( 1 1/2-2 hours ) . punch dough down . transfer to a floured board
and cut into four equal parts . roll and shape each part into a long
loaf . place loaves into a lightly oiled , special long-loaf
pans ( baguette pans ) . slash the top of each loaf diagonally in three
or four places and brush with egg white and water mixture . let dough
rise another hour or until doubled in volume . preheat oven to 350
degrees . bake the loaves until browned and hollow-sounding when
thumped , about 25 minutes . * halfway through baking , it may be
necessary to cover the loaves with foil to prevent scorching the
tops . let cool on rack . makes 4 loaves , about 18 inches long . * if
planning to freeze bread , underbake , i.e. , bake in oven only 15
minutes . wrap in foil when cool.freeze . when ready to serve remove
from freezer . leave wrapped in foil . place in 350 degree oven for 10
minutes . remove foil and continue to bake for 5 minutes , until crisp .

yield : 4 servings




low calorie brown scones

breads , irish

1 cup flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon rolled oats
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoon buttermilk

1 . preheat oven to 400f . grease cookie sheet with nonstick spray .

2 . lightly spoon flour into measuring cup ; level off . in a large bowl ,
combine all ingredients except buttermilk ; mix well . make a well in
the center of the flours ; add 1 cup buttermilk . stir just until
moistened .

3 . on a lightly floured surface , gently knead until dough holds its
shape . place on greased cookie sheet ; pat out into 7 inch circle .
brush with 2 tablespoons buttermilk .

4 . bake at 400f for 12-14 minutes or until golden brown . serve warm

source : pillsbury fast and healthy magazine march/april 1993

each serving contains : 2 breads per serving : 140 calories

yield : 8 servings




flour tortillas ( making )

breads

2 cup unbleached all-purpose
1 flour
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/3 cup vegetable shortening
2/3 to 3/4 cup very hot water

since tortillas freeze well , you can make a batch on a leisurely day
and have a supply on hand . mix the flour with the salt and baking
powder . using your hands , mix in the shortening until the mixture
becomes a coarse , even meal . mix in 2/3 cup of the water , adding it
all at once , and knead for 2 minutes , or until the dough has the
consistency of a stiff bread dough . if dry and crumbly , add extra
water ; if too moist , add a few tablespoons of additional flour . cover
the dough and allow it to rest for 20 minutes .

heat a skillet , saute pan , or griddle over medium-high heat until hot
enough that a drop of water immediately sizzles and evaporates .

you will be rolling and then cooking each tortilla , rather than
rolling them all and then cooking them . pinch off a piece of dough
the size of a golfball and dust your hands and the dough ball with
flour . place the ball on a floured surface and flatten the ball with
your hands into a circle 1/2 inch thick . then , using a rolling pin ,
roll it twice in the same direction and form a circle 1/8 inch thick
and about 8 to 9 inches in diameter . immediately place it in the hot
skillet and cook it for 30 to 45 seconds , or until bubbles begin to
form on the top . if the tortilla puffs up into a pillow , push it down
with a spatula . turn and cook 20 seconds , remove with a spatula , and
keep warm by placing it in a tea towel and covering it with the
towel . roll and cook remaining dough the same way .

to soften flour tortillas : flour tortillas , like corn tortillas ,
become brittle when cold , and must be softened to become pliable for
bending into quesadillas or rolling for chimichangas . to soften , heat
a dry skillet , saute pan , or griddle over medium heat . heat a
tortilla for about 30 seconds , or until bubbles start to appear on
top . turn and heat the second side for about 15 seconds . fold or roll
immediately .

source : southwest tastes from : michael grosz date : 09 feb 95

yield : 12 servings




quick biscuit mix

breads

2 3/4 cup wheat flour
1/2 cup soy flour ; 2 t salt
1/2 cup inst dry milk ; less 1 t
2 1/2 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup wheat germ

combine all ingredients store in sealed container .

makes 5 c

from : terri st.louis conf : ( 1668 ) l-cuisine

yield : 1 servings




pissaladiere la menagere

breads , french , pastry

-- -- crust -- --
5 oz plain flour
1 1/2 oz butter
1 each egg
1/2 oz salt
1 water
-- -- filling -- --
1 1/4 lb onions ; thinly sliced
2 each tomatoes ; skinned and chopped
12 each anchovy fillets
12 small black olives ; pitted
1 salt and pepper
1 olive oil

crust : cut butter into small pieces and rub it into flour . add a good
pinch of salt . make a well in the centre ; put in the egg and the
yeast dissolved in about 2 tablespoons tepid water . mix and knead
until the dough comes away clean from the sides of the bowl . shape
into a ball , make a deep cross-cut on the top , put on a floured
plate , cover with a floured cloth , and leave in a warm place to rise
for 2 hours . filling : heat 3 or 4 tablespoons of olive oil in a heavy
fry-pan . put in the onions and cook them very gently , with a cover on
the pan , until quite soft and a pale golden colour . add the tomatoes
and the seasonings ( plus chopped garlic to taste , if desired ) and
continue cooking until the onions and tomatoes have amalgamated , and
the moisture from the tomatoes has evaporated .

when the dough has risen ; sprinkle it with flour and break it down
again . knead once more into a ball and place in the centre of an
oiled 8-inch tart pan . press the dough quickly but gently with your
knuckles outwards to the edge of the pan and up the rim . put in the
filling . make a criss-cross lattice pattern with the anchovy fillets ,
placing a halved olive in the centre of each opening in the lattice .
leave it to rise for 15 minutes , then bake in the centre of an oven
preheated to 400 f for 20 minutes . reduce heat to 350 f and bake for
an additional 20 minutes .

yield : 1 recipe




foccacia with parmesan

breads , italian

1 pkg yeast , not instant
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/4 cup warm water
2 3/4 cup bread flour
6 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary , crushed
1 tablespoon cornmeal
1 teaspoon coarse salt
1 black pepper

1 . dissolve the yeast and the sugar in 3/4 cup warm water , about 110
degrees . set aside for 15 minutes until very foamy .

2 . stir in 1 cup flour . cover with plastic wrap and let this sponge
proof in a warm place until tripled idn volume and very bubbly , about
3 hours .

3 . into the yeast mixture , add the remaining 1/2 cup warm water , 2 t
olive oil , 1/2 t regular salt , parmesan and rosemary .

4 . add enough of the remaining flour to form a soft and workable
dough . knead on a lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic ,
about 10 minutes .

5 . oil a large bowl . put the dough into the bowl , cover loosely and
let rise in a wam place until doubled in size , about 1 1/2 hours .

6 . sprinkle a baking sheet with the cornmeal . divide the dough into 4
parts and roll each into a circle about 7 in . in diameter . place on
the baking sheet . use the tips of your fingers to make the dimples in
the dough . spoon a tablespoon of olive oil on each bread piece and
sprinkle with the coarse salt and pepper .

7 . bake in a preheated 475f oven for 20 minutes or until golden brown .

submitted by andy biegel , sysop culinary cuisine bbs and hub of
kook-net typed in mm format by linda fields , cyberealm bbs and home
of kook-net watertown ny 315-786-1120

yield : 4 servings




no knead italian whole wheat bread

breads , bakery

1 tablespoon dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
3 cup whole wheat flour
1 cornmeal

in a bowl , dissolve yeast in water . add salt & oil . beat in flour , 1
c at a time . use your fingers to ensure that the ingredients have
been thoroughly mixed .

bang down the dough on a counter surface . shape into a small round
bread & place in a 9 '' round pan sprinkled with cornmeal . allow to
rise till doubled . preheat oven to 375f & bake for 35 to 45 minutes .

anne lerner , `` breads you would n't believe ''

yield : 1 loaf




newfoundland dumplings

breads , canadian , stews

1 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk

blend together the flour , baking powder and salt.stir in 1/2 cup of
milk.drop by large spoonful over hot stew or soup.cover and simmer 15
minutes.serve with the stew or soup .

yield : 7 servings




houska

breads , czech

1 ***** sponge*****
1 pkg yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
2 cup milk
4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 *****dough*****
1/2 cup butter
2/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoon salt
3 eggs -- well beaten
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 lemon rind -- grated
4 cup flour ( up to 5 cups )
3/4 cup seedless raisins
1 chopped nuts
1 *****glaze*****
1 egg -- beaten
1/4 cup milk

to make the sponge : stir yeast and sugar into lukewarm water ; let
stand a few minutes . scald and cool milk to lukewarm . add softened
yeast to milk . add the flour ; beat smooth . let rise in warm place
until light and bubbly . to make the dough : cream together the butter ,
sugar and salt . add beaten eggs , nutmeg and lemon rind . blend this
mixture with the risen sponge . thicken with enough flour to make a
stiff dough . add raisins and nuts dusted with flour . knead until
smooth and elastic . place in a greased bowl ; brush lightly with
shortening . cover ; let rise in warm place until double in bulk . turn
out on a lightly floured board ; shape into houska loaf . brush top
with egg mixed with milk . bake 45 minutes at 350f .

recipe by : st. ludmila catholic church cookbook

yield : 1 servings




cannon balls

breads , cheese/eggs , main dish , meats , beef

1/4 single del 's dinner roll recipe
8 oz raw ground beef
2 oz shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 each medium onion , chopped fine
1 single oil for frying

take a piece of dough and flatten it into a circle 2 to 3 inches in
dia . in the middle of the dough , place a small amount of meat , cheese
and onion . shape the dough into a ball and seal edges to enclose the
meat . repeat until all ingredients are used up . drop balls into hot
oil ( 3750f . ) and cook until golden brown , 2 to 3 minutes .
variation : for breakfast , form dough into balls and deep fry to a
golden

yield : 8 servings




kolacha

breads , desserts , yeast

2 pkg dry yeast
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 cup scalded milk
2/3 cup melted butter
2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sugar
2 egg , beated
6 cup flour ( approx . )

dissolve yeast in water with 1/2 teaspoon sugar in
cup . in large mixing bowl , mix milk , butter , salt ,
sugar , and eggs . then add yeast and flour , a little at
a time . when dough becomes stiff to mix , turn out on
floured surface and begin to knead ( 150 times ) . dough
should be smooth and glossy . let rest for 15 minutes .
turn into a greased bowl and let rise until double in
bulk . pinch dough the size of a large walnut ; place on
greased baking sheet . let rise until double in size .
punch down the center and fill with favorite filling .
let rise again slightly . bake until golden brown at
425 degrees for about 12 to 15 minutes . brush with
melted butter when removed from oven .

kolacha fillings :
: fillings must be thick or will run during
baking .

prune ;
: cook 1 pound dried prunes in just enough water
to cover them . when done , mash or blend in blender .
add :
: 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 1
teaspoon vanilla
: 2 tablespoons butter sugar
to taste

apricot :
: drain juice from large can of apricots , into
saucepan ; add 1 package dried aprictos , cook until
tender . add apricots from can and mash or blend in
blender . add sugar to taste , 2 tablespoons butter , and
1 teaspoon vanilla . thicken with flour or cornstarch .

cherry :
: cook sweetened cherries until done , mash or
blend . thicken with flour or cornstarch . add 1
teaspoon vanilla . ( cherries that are freesh or frozen
are much better . )

fruit :
: any fruit may be used . be sure that the
filling is thick .

poppy seed :
: cook 1 cup ground poppy seeds in 1/2 cup milk
slowly in heavy pan for 5 minutes , stirring
constantly . add 3 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon
flour ; cook until thickened .

yield : 1 servings




muffins & crumpets ( mrs. beeton 's )

breads

1 quart water
2 oz yeast
1/2 lb potatoes
1/2 oz salt

makes 24 muffins or crumpets

flour

muffins : wash , peel and boil the potatoes , rub through a colander ,
add the water ( just warm enough to bear the hand in it without
discomfort ) ; then dissolve the yeast and salt in it , and stir in
sufficient flour to make a moist paste . beat it well in a deep bowl
and then clear off the paste from the hands ; cover over with a clean
cloth and leave it to rise in a warm place . when it has well risen ,
and is light and spongy , turn it out on the table , dredge over with
flour , and then divide it off into pieces about 3 oz in weight , roll
them up into round shapes , and set them on a wooden tray , well dusted
with flour to prove . when light enough , see that the hot plate is
hot , and then carefully transfer the muffins from the tray , one at a
time , using a thin tin slice for the purpose , taking particular care
not to knock out the proof or the muffins will be spoilt . when they
have been properly cooked on one side , turn over with the slice and
cook the other side . when the muffins are done , brush off the flour ,
and lay them on a clean cloth or sieve to cool .

to toast them , divide the edge of the muffin all round by pulling it
open to the depth of about 1 inch with the fingers . put it on a
toasting fork and hold it before a clear fire till one side is nicely
browned , but not burnt ; turn , and toast it on the other . do not toast
them too quickly , otherwise the middle of the muffin will not be
warmed through . when done , divide them by pulling them open ; butter
them slighlty on both sides , put them together again , and cut them
into halves . pile on a hot dish and send quickly to table .

time : 25 to 30 minutes to bake . sufficient for about 2 dozen muffins .

crumpets : proceed exactly the same as directed for muffins ( above ) ,
but stir in only half the quantity of flour used for them , so that
the mixture is more of a batter than a sponge . cover over , and leave
for 1/2 an hour . at the end of that time take a large wooden spoon
and well beat up the batter , leave in the spoon , cover over , and
leave for another 1/2 an hour . then give the batter another good beat
up . this process must be repeated 3 times with the intervals . when
completed , see that the hot plate is quite hot , lay out some crumpet
rings rubbed over inside with a little clean lard on a baking tin ,
and pour in sufficient of the batter to make the crumpets . when
cooked on one side , turn over with a palette-knife , and when done
take off on to a clean cloth to cool . muffins and crumpets should
always be served on separate dishes , and both toasted and served as
quickly as possible .

time : about 20 minutes to cook . sufficient for about 2 dozen .

from : mrs. beeton 's all about cookery , ward , lock & co. , ltd. , london
& melbourne , ( circa 1890 's ) .

posted by june hoffman , 8/93

yield : 24 servings




gluten-free bread

breads

1 teaspoon granulated sugar
1/2 cup warm water
1 envelope active dry yeast
1 cup water
2 tablespoon minute tapioca
2 cup whole bean flour
1/4 cup cornmeal
2 tablespoon cornstarch
2 teaspoon gluten-free baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 egg whites
1/2 cup skim milk
1 teaspoon poppy seeds

spray 8 x 4 inch loaf pan with nonstick spray . coat inside with
cornmeal and set aside . dissolve sugar in warm water in a small bowl .
sprinkle yeast over top . set aside for 10 minutes or until frothy .
stir well . combine water and minute tapioca in a saucepan . bring to a
boil . cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until thickened and clear . stir
together bean flour , cornmeal , corstarch , baking powder and salt in a
mixing bowl . in separate bowl , whisk together egg whites and milk .
whisk in yeast and tapioca mixture . stir into dry ingredients ,
beating until smooth . set aside for 10 minutes . turn out onto surface
generously dusted with cornstarch . dust hands with cornstarch and
sprinkle a little over dough . knead 4 to 5 times and fit into
prepared pan . brush top with milk and sprinkle with poppy seeds . bake
in 400 f oven for 45 minutes or until browned and loaf sounds hollow
when tapped . makes 1 loaf , 16 slices . variations seed bread , herb
bread , foccacia & pizza crust to be added to recipe after testing .

yield : 16 servings




dabo

breads

1 teaspoon dry yeast
2 tablespoon baking powder
3 cup water ; lukewarm
2 each egg yolks
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon corn oil
4 cup flour

dabo is a special sabbath bread .

in mixing bowl , dissolve dry yeast and baking powder in the water .
mix in egg yolks , salt , sugar and oil . add the flour and prepare a
smooth dough by kneading for 5 minutes . let dough rise in a covered
bowl at room temperature for about 6 hours . punch down .

in lightly oiled large round skillet , place the dough . cover pan and
let dough rise for 1 hour . cook it still covered , over gas or
electricity on the top of the stove at low heat for 25-30 mins . turn
the loaf over and bake on the other side 5 mins more .

serve at room temperature .

yield : 1 loaf




grandmas chale

breads

5 cup flour , heaping
5 teaspoon course salt ( kosher )
2 teaspoon sugar
3 tablespoon oil
1 or 2 eggs
1 oz yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 3/4 cup warm water

to the yeast in a larg bowl , add 1/4 c warm water , mix slightly and
let stand afew minutes . add 1 3/4 c warm water and balance of ing .
mix dough with hands til it stays togeter and forms a ball . remove
from bowl onto floured board . kneed into a ball and return dough to
bowl , flour slightly . cover with a towel and place in a warm place to
rise . let rise 30-45 min remove from bowl onto floured board . kneed
until squeek is out and dough is origional size . return to bowl and
let double in size again . remove and cut into desired size , kneed
into small balls . braid and place in greased pan , cover with towel
and let rise 1/2 hour . brush with egg white and bake at 400 for 1/2
hour , turn oven to 350 and bake for 1/2 hour .

this recipe was how grandma made it in russia.she never measured with
anything but her hands ! converted by mmconv vers . 1.10

yield : 1 servings




zucchini bread ( mcdougall )

breads , low fat

1/4 cup mashed bananas ; about 1 medi
1 cup grated fresh zucchini
1/4 cup frozen grape juice concentra
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cup whole-wheat pastry flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest
2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup raisins

preheat the oven to 350 degrees .
in a large bowl , combine the banana , zucchini , juices , and vanilla .
blend well . in a separate large bowl , combine the remaining
ingredients . pour the wet ingredients into the dry and mix
thoroughly . pour into a nonstick 8x4 '' loaf pan and bake for about 1
1/4 hours , or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out
clean . let cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then loosen the sides
gently with a spatula , invert , and remove from the pan . cool
completely on a rack .
117 calories , 0.6 grams fat per 1/10 loaf serving . from the
collection of sue smith , s.smith34 , uploaded june 16 , 1994

yield : 10 servings

preparation time : the n




pumpkin-black walnut biscuits

breads

2 cup unbleached all purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup butter , cold
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/3 cup finely chopped black walnuts
1 teaspoon baking soda
2/3 cup canned or mashed cooked pumpkin
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup buttermilk , or a bit more if needed
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg

sugar

`` a batch of these intriguingly flavored biscuits is a nice addition
to any meal . this particular biscuit has a tendency to overbrown on
the bottom , so use a light-colored metal baking sheet instead of a
nonstick sheet . serve the biscuits hot with butter . ''

preheat oven to 450 f. sift together the flour , sugar , baking powder
and soda , salt , and spices into a large bowl . cut in the butter ( or
use food processor ) until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . add
the nuts . in a small bowl , whisk together the pumpkin and buttermilk .
add it to the flour mixture and stir to combine . the dough will be
quite stiff and not all the flour will be incorporated . turn the
dough out onto a lightly floured cloth and knead gently a few times
to work in the rest of the flour . roll out the dough to a 1/2 inch
thickness and cut with a 2 inch round cutter . transfer the biscuits
to a lightly oiled shiny baking sheet , and sprinkle tops with sugar .
bake for 10 minutes -- do not let them get too brown . serve immediately
with butter . if you must have jelly with the , choose a delicate
apple jelly so the subtle pumpkin flavor is not masked .

from : cooking from quilt country shared by : pat stockett

yield : 6 servings




chocolate caramel shortbread

breads , chocolate

1 1/2 cup butter , softened , divided
1/2 cup sifted cicing sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup all purpose flour
1 can sweetened condensed milk
3 tablespoon corn syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 squares semi sweet chocolate , melte ; d

preheat oven to 350f . in large mixer bowl , beat 1 cup butter , sugar
and salt until fluffy . add flour , mix well . with floured finger ,
press evenly into greased 9 inch square pan . bake 30-35 minutes or
until lightly browned . cool slightly . in 2 quart glass measure , with
handle , in microwave oven , melt remaining 1/2 cup butter on high . for
1 minutes . stir in sweetened condensed milk and corn syrup . microwave
on high for 6-8 minutes , stirring after each minute , or until mixture
turns a light caramel colour . stir in vanilla . spread over warm
shortbread . drizzle with chocolate . chill until firm . cut into bars .
store covered at room temperature . makes 24 bars .

origin : canadian living , december 1991 . shared by : sharon stevens

yield : 24 servings




low-fat banan bread

breads

2/3 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup hot , strong coffee
1 1/2 cup mashed , overripe bananas
3 egg whites
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup white flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda

1 . preheat oven to 350 . spray pam in a 9 x 5 bread pan . 2.in a bowl ,
dissolve brown sugar in coffee ; stir in bananas . 3.in a large bowl
whisk together egg whites and vanilla . 4.add banana mixture . 5.in a
separate bowl mix together the flours and baking powder , salt
and baking soda . 6.add to the banana mix and stir until just
combined . 7.pour in pan and bake 40-50 minutes , when toothpick
inserted comes out
clean . let cool on a rack for 10 minutes . invert and let cool
completly . from the fat-free food conference on the internet

typed by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs watertown , ny 315-786-1120

yield : 1 servings




gomer 's banana bread pyle

breads

1 cup butter or oil
2 cup sugar
4 eggs - beaten well
2 teaspoon baking soda
6 bananas - mashed ( or 7 )
1/2 cup chopped macadamia nuts
2 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt

grease 2 large loaf pans or 5 small one . cream the butter with the
sugar . add the eggs and beat well . add the mashed bananas , stirring to
blend . in a separate bowl sift together the dry ingredients . fold the
dry ingredients into the batter , mixing well . add the macadamia nuts .
pour the batter into the pans . bake in a 350 '' oven for 50 to 60
minutes , or until done .
for muffins , fill 12 muffin cups 3/4 full and bake in a 350 '' oven
for 35 to 45 minutes .
makes 2 large loaves , 5 small loaves , or 12 large muffins .

source : aunt bee 's mayberry cookbook by jim nabors - cast member

yield : 1 servings




salvation army doughnuts

breads , desserts , breakfast

2 tablespoon vegetable shortening
1 cup sugar
2 beaten eggs
4 3/4 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon vanilla powder or vanilla extract .

cream shortening and sugar until fluffy . add eggs and vanilla if
using extract and beat well . combine dry ingredients ( including
vanilla if using powder ) then sift together . add dry mixture to
creamed mixture , alternating with milk . roll dough 1/2 inch thick on
floured board . cut into rounds , and cut out centers . a glass works
well for cutting , with a small , empty prescription pill bottle to cut
the centers . the centers can be rolled together for more doughnuts or
fried as they are for 'donut holes . ' deep fry in vegetable oil ,
turning once , until browned . drain on grocery bag ( to absorb oil ) and
dust with confectioner 's sugar . yield : depends on how thin you roll ,
and what you do with the centers .

yield : 24 servings




hawaiian bubble bread

breads

2 pkg dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup warm water ( 105 degrees to 115 degr ; ees )
1 cup sliced ripe banana
1/2 cup pineapple-orange-banana juice conce ; ntrate , undiluted
1/4 cup honey
2 tablespoon margarine , melted
2 drop yellow food coloring ( optional )
5 1/4 cup bread flour , divided
1 teaspoon salt
1 vegetable cooking spray
1/4 cup cream of coconut
2 tablespoon pineapple-orange-banana juice conce ; ntrate , undiluted
1/2 cup sifted powdered sugar

1 dissolve yeast and sugar in warm water ; let stand 5 minutes .

2 combine banana and next 4 ingredients in a blender ; process until
smooth , and set aside .

3 combine 2 cups flour and salt in a large bowl ; stir well . add yeast
mixture and banana mixture , stirring until well-blended . add 2-3/4
cups flour , stirring to form a soft dough .

4 turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface ; knead until
smooth and elastic ( about 8 minutes ) . add enough of the remaining
flour , 1 tablespoon at a time , to prevent the dough from sticking to
hands .

5 place dough in a large bowl coated with cooking spray , turning to
coat top . cover and let rise in a warm place ( 85 degrees ) , free from
drafts , 1-1/2 hours or until doubled in bulk . punch dough down ; turn
out onto a lightly floured surface , and let rest for 5 minutes . form
the dough into 1-1/2-inch balls ( about 30 balls ) on a lightly floured
surface . layer balls in a 10-inch tube pan coated with cooking spray ;
set aside .

6 combine the cream of coconut and 2 tablespoons juice in a bowl ; stir
well . pour 3 tablespoons juice mixture over dough , and set remaining
juice mixture aside . cover dough , and let rise 1-1/2 hours or until
doubled in bulk .

7 uncover dough , and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes or until loaf
sounds hollow when tapped . let cool in pan 20 minutes . remove from
pan ; place on a wire rack . stir powdered sugar into remaining juice
mixture ; drizzle over top of warm bread . yield : 1 loaf , 26 servings .

calories 154 ( 13 % from fat ) ; protein 3.7g ; fat 2.2g ( sat 0.9g , mono
0.5g , poly 0.5g ) ; carb 30g ; fiber 0.3g ; chol 0mg ; iron 1.4mg ; sodium
101mg ; calc 9mg

from cooking light , nov/dec 1994 , page 138 .

yield : 1 loaf




beaten biscuits

breads , cajun

6 cup all purpose flour ( soft )
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup shortening
1 cup milk

mix the flour , salt , sugar , and baking powder in a bowl or in a food
processor fitted with a metal blade .
add the shortening and cut in or process until the mixture is the
consistency of coarse meal . pour in the milk and stir or process just
until the dough holds together . if it is dry or crumbly , add more
milk . if it is too wet , add more flour . knead briefly in the food
processor , then turn out onto a floured board or beat 1,001 times
with a rolling pin .
when it 's ready , the dough should `` snap '' when you hit it . fold the
dough in half . roll out the folded dough until it is 1/2 inch
thick . cut with a 1-1/4-inch biscuit cutter into small rounds . prick
each round with a fork , making two parallel sets of holes in the
biscuit . keep rolling out the dough , folding before cutting , until
all the scraps are gone and you have made about 100 biscuits .
preheat the oven to 350 degrees . place the biscuits on a lightly
greased pan . bake for 30 minutes , until crisp , but not browned . they
should open easily when split with a fork . they will keep for weeks
tightly covered in a tin or in the freezer .
split in two before serving . from nathalie dupree 's `` new southern
cooking ''

yield : 100 servings




bran or raisin bran muffins

breads , cakes

2 eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 stick melted unsalted butter
1 pkg bran muffin mix ( see mm # :33 )
1/4 cup raisins ( optional )

in lge . mixing bowl , beat eggs & milk , then whisk in melted butter .
stir in mix just until it is moistened ; do n't over-mix . stir in
raisins if desired .

divide among muffin cups and bake in preheated 425 f. oven for 20
min. , or until muffins are firm and shrink back from sides of cups
slightly .

serve immediately .

leftovers may be stored in plastic bags in 'fridge for later
rewarming in moderate oven or mircowave .

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin-date bread

breads , entertain

1 2/3 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup water
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup pumpkin
2 eggs
1 cup walnuts , chopped
1 cup dates , chopped

sift dry ingredients . mix oil , water , pumpkin & eggs . blend into dry
ingredients . fold in dates and nuts . pour into greased and floured
loaf pan . bake at 325 degrees for 1 1/2 hours .

posted by judy garnett/raleigh nc - pjxg05a

yield : 8 servings




herman quick biscuit

breads

1 cup flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup oil
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup herman

mix together on waxed paper . form into biscuits . bake at 350 for 10
minutes . yield : 12-15 biscuits .

yield : 12 servings




pain perdu ( `` lost bread '' ) aka french toast

breads , desserts , cajun , kosher

3 tablespoon sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
2 eggs , beaten
2 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract or flavor
6 slice stale bread
1 sugar , honey , or jam

combine sugar , milk , salt , vanilla , and eggs ; beat well . soak bread in
mixture ; fry in hot butter until well browned on both sides . sprinkle
with 10x sugar , or pour honey or jam on top .

this dish is best made using stale french bread cut in thick slices .
also challah left from shabas dinner .

yield : 6 servings




nut bread

breads

4 cup flour
6 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup sugar
1 cup nut meats
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup sweet milk
2 each eggs

mix dry ingredients and nut meats , add milk and eggs . put in 2
buttered pans and let stand for 20 minutes . bake in moderate 350 f .
oven for 45 to 60 minutes .

source : laura huffman , jackson grange , wood county , oh

yield : 1 servings




pumpkin bread with crumb topping

breads

3/4 cup butter or margarine , softened , divi ; ded
1 1/4 cup firm packed light brown sugar , divi ; ded
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
2 cup pumpkin ( canned or fresh )
3 eggs
3 1/4 cup flour , divided
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 1/2 cup chopped pecans or walnuts
1/3 cup raisins ( optional )

grease and flour two 9x5x2 inch loaf pans . preheat oven to 350 of .
beat 1/2 c butter in large bowl until smooth and creamy . add 3/4 c
brown sugar , granulated sugar and vanilla . beat until light and
fluffy . blend in pumpkin . add eggs , one at a time , beating well
after each addition . mix together 2 1/2 c flour , baking soda , baking
powder , cinnamon and nutmeg . stir into pumpkin mixture . fold in 1 c
of pecans and raisins . spoon batter into pans . with fork , mix
remaining butter , brown sugar , flour and pecans . sprinkle one-half of
mix evenly over each loaf ; pat down lightly . bake about 50 minutes or
until a cake tester ( or toothpick ) inserted in center comes out
clean . cool in pan 10 minutes then remove from pan to rack to cool
completely . makes 2 loaves , 24 servings ,
255 calories/serving .

yield : 24 servings




reuben loaf

breads , beef

3 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon butter or margarine ,
1 softened
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup warm water ( 120 to 130
1 degrees )
1/4 cup thousand island salad
1 dressing
6 oz thinly sliced corned beef
4 oz swiss cheese
1 can sauerkraut ( 8 oz . ) , drained
1 egg white , beaten
1 poppy seeds

in a mixing bowl , combine 2 1/4 cups flour , yeast , sugar , butter and
salt . stir in warm water and mix until a soft dough forms . add
remaining flour if necessary . turn out onto a lightly floured
surface ; knead until smooth , about 4 minutes . on a lightly greased
baking sheet , roll dough to a 14 inch x 10 inch rectangle . spread
dressing down the middle of one half of the dough , leaving a 3/4 inch
space along edges . top with layers of beef , cheese and sauerkraut .
fold the remaining half of dough over the meat mixture . pinch edges
together to seal . cut small slits in dough to vent baste with 1 egg
white and sprinkle with poppy seeds . bake at 400 degrees for 25
minutes or until lightly browned . serve immediately ; refrigerate
leftovers . yield : 6-8 servings .

source : *armetta keeney , carlisle , ia , country magazine , feb./mar.93
posted by : jim bodle 2/93

yield : 4 servings




whole wheat bread w/eggs

breads

6 cup whole wheat bread flour
1 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoon dry yeast ( 1/4 oz )
1/2 cup water , warm
1/4 cup canola oil
3 tablespoon honey
4 large eggs , plus water to make
1 2 3/4 cups
1 large egg , for glazing

: stir the flour and salt together in a bowl and make a well in
the center .
: dissolve the yeast in the warm water and set aside to proof
while you mix the other liquids .
: break the 4 eggs into a measuring cup and add enough water to
make 2 3/4 cups of liquid . add the oil and honey and beat until
smooth . add this mixture and the yeast mixture to the well in the
flour and stir together .
: knead the dough until it is silky and supple . the dough
should be soft , but nor flabby . for the very best and highest bread ,
an efficient kneader will require about 20 minutes to develop the
dough to its springiest .
: form the dough into a ball and place it smooth side up in a
bowl ; cover and keep in a warm , draft-free place . after about an hour
and a half , gently poke the center of the dough about 1/2 inch deep
with your finger . if the hole does n't fill in at all , it is ready for
the next step .
: press flat , form into a smooth round , and let the dough rise
once more as before . the second rising will take half as much time as
the first .
: keep your eye on the dough , and do n't let it go so long that
it sighs when you poke it . egg-rich doughs like this benefit from a
slightly shorter rising time .
: after the second rise is done , shape your dough into 3 loaves
and place in your prepared pans . allow them to rise again until
almost doubled in size . brush the loaves with an egg wash made of one
egg plus 2 tablespoons of water . cover the whole exposed surface
carefully , but do n't let the egg wash collect in the valleys . now is
the time to sprinkle the loaves with sesame or poppy seeds if you
like .
: bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 45 minutes .
brush the baked loaves with melted margarine or butter while still in
pans and allow to cool in pans for 3-5 minutes . then cool on racks .

posted by elaine poncelet , kook-net hub : vision dimension gerald , mo ,
( 314 ) 764-8406

yield : 3 loaves




banana nut loaf

breads , crockpot

1/3 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 3/4 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup bananas ; ripe , mashed
1/2 cup walnuts

cream together shortening and sugar , add eggs and beat well . sift dry
ingredients , add to creamed mixture alternately with banana , blending
well after each addition . stir in nuts . pour into well-greased 4 to 6
cup mold . cover with foil and tie . pour 2 cups hot water in slow
cooker . place mold on rack or trivet in pot . cover and cook on high 2
to 3 hours or until bread is done . serve warm or cool , with butter or
cream cheese or peanut butter .

submitted by lisa crawley ( tspn00b )

yield : 10 servings




peachy bread

breads

2 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 cup brown sugar packed
2 cup mixed candied fruit/peels
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup dates chopped
1 cup walnuts chopped
14 oz sweetened condensed milk
1 cup prepared mincemeat
16 oz sliced peaches
1/4 cup apricot nectar

in large bowl , combine flour , baking soda , cinnamon , cloves , and
brown sugar . stir in candied fruit , raisins , dates , and walnuts .
add sweetened condensed milk , mincemeat , peaches , and nectar .
combine well . pour into 2 greased and floured 9 x 5 inch loaf

yield : 2 servings




oatmeal bread ( satterley )

breads

2 cup oats
2 cup boiling water
1/2 cup molasses
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup shortening
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoon dry yeast
6 cup flour

pour boiling water over oats . stir & add molasses , salt , shortening &
brown sugar . let stand till lukewarm .

mix lukewarm water with sugar & yeast & let stand till yeast starts to
work . add to the soaked mixture . beat in flour . add more or less
flour depending on consistency . when firm , knead well for about 10
minutes or so . let rise for 1 hour .

punch down , shape into loaves . cover & let rise for another 45 to 60
minutes . bake for 35 minutes at 400f .

posted by mark satterly in intercook

yield : 1 servings




wiltshire lardy cake

breads

1/2 lb strong white bread flour
1 teaspoon easy-blend yeast
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 oz melted lard
1/4 pint warm water ( or milk & water )
-- -- to finish -- --
1/4 lb pure pork lard ; diced
1 lard for greasing the pan
1 cinnamon
1 allspice
1 demerara sugar
-- -- mix together the following -- --
1 oz sultanas ; chopped
1 oz raisins ; chopped
1 oz currents ; chopped
1 oz chopped candied peel

using a food-mixer or processor or your hands , mix and knead the
dough . cover it with oiled polythene and leave to rise until doubled
in size ; this will take about 1 hour in a warm place .

knock back the dough , knead it again briefly and roll out to an
oblong . mix together 1-1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon , 1 teaspoon
ground allspice and 2 ounces sugar and sprinkle half of this mixture
over the dough . add half the dried fruits and half the diced lard .
roll up the dough , like a swiss roll , give it a quarter turn and roll
it out to an oblong again . sprinkle with sugar and spices , dried
fruits and fat exactly as before . then roll up and roll out the dough
to an oblong once again , but this time make it the right size to fit
a shallow baking or roasting tin about 7-inches square . grease the
tin and put the dough into it , pressing it well into the corners .
cover and leave to prove ( rise ) until the dough is light , puffy and
well risen .

score the top of the dough with a diamond pattern , brush with melted
lard and sprinkle on 1 ounce of sugar . bake at 425 f ( 220 c ) gas mark
7 until cooked to a golden brown and smelling delicious , 35-40
minutes .

cool the cake briefly in the tin so that the melted fat is
re-absorbed , then serve it while still warm , cut into large sticky
fingers . makes 1 cake

source : philippa davenport in `` country living '' ( british ) , march 1989 .
typed for you by karen mintzias

yield : 1 servings




candy rainbow bread : : : gwhp32a

breads

1 pkg yeast
3 cup better for bread flour
1/4 cup instant nonfat dry milk
3 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon butter buds
1 teaspoon salt
2 each eggs ; or 1/2 c egg beaters
2 tablespoon butter ; or margarine
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup very warm water ; + 1 tb
1/2 cup dec-a-cake sequins*

* multi-colored ( durkee-french ) or'color shots decors '
( mccormick/schilling ) add all the ingredients into the pan in the
order listed , select sweet bread and push `` start . '' add the candy at
the `` beep , '' 88 minutes into the cycle . ( 33 minutes with dak turbo ii
pretty enough to frame and hang on the wall , this funtastically
delicious bread brightens any special occasion . shared by barb day

yield : 1 servings




bran date bread

breads

1 1/4 cup unbleached flour , sifted
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup active sourdough starter
3/4 cup buttermilk or sour milk
1 cup finely chopped pitted dates
1 cup all bran
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel ( zestonly )
2 each large eggs , beaten
1/4 cup vegetable oil
3/4 cup firmly packed . brown sugar

sift dry ingredients together . dust dates with 1 t flour mixture ,
then add to the bowl . then add the brown sugar , all bran , and grated
lemon peel . combine 3/4 cu buttermilk , 2 beaten eggs , 1/4 cup
vegetable oil . add all once to flour mixture with the sourdough
starter , stirring until well moistened . pour into greased or waxpaper
lined loaf pan about 9 x 5-inches . bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour .
allow to stand 10 minutes in pan and then remove from pan and cool
until cold . wrap in plastic wrap or foil and place in refrigerator .
use cream cheese or home made butter on this bread for an out of this
world taste .

yield : 12 servings




cherry cheese coffee cake

breads

1 freezer bread dough -- * see
1 note
21 oz cherry pie filling
1/2 cup raisins
8 oz fat-free cream cheese --
1 softened
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup skim milk
2 tablespoon unbleached flour
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
1/2 cup unbleached flour
1/4 cup brown sugar -- packed
3 tablespoon margarine -- cold

on a lightly floured surface , roll dough to a 13 x 9 '' rectangle .
place in prepared 13 x 9 '' pan . cover and let rise double in size ( 1
hour ) . in a mixing bowl , combine cherry pie filling and raisins .
spread evenly over dough . in a another mixing bowl , combine cream
cheese , granulated sugar , milk , 2 tablespoons flour , and almond
extract . pour mixture over cherry mixture . in a small mixing bowl ,
combine remaining flour , and brown sugar . cut in margarine until
mixture resembles coarse crumbs . sprinkle mixture over cream cheese
layer . bake in a 350 degree oven for 40 minutes .

recipe by : homemade is better

from : adamsfmle @ aol.com date : fri , 12 jul 1996 23:38:41
~0400

yield : 16 servings




pumpkin pancakes

breads

1 egg
1 cup milk
1/2 cup cooked or canned pumpkin
3/4 cup unbleached white flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon ground ginger
2 tablespoon vegetable oil

combine all the ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir just until
blended . pour the batter onto a hot griddle that has been lightly
oiled . flip the pancakes over when bubbles break around the edges .
serve hot with rum-flavored fruit sauce from the holiday file .

1 four-inch pancake without sauce - 98 calories , 1 bread , 1/2 fat
exchange 15 grams carbohydrate , 3 grams protein , 3 grams fat 58 mg
sodium , 96 mg potassium , 24 mg cholesterol

source : am . diabetes assoc . holiday cookbook by betty wedman , 1986
shared but not tested by elizabeth rodier , nov 93

yield : 24 servings




pumpkin chocolate chip bread

breads

-- -- bread -- --
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 1/4 cup canned pumpkin
2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/4 teaspoon cloves
1/4 teaspoon ginger
1/4 cup chocolate chips
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
-- -- glaze -- --
1 tablespoon heavy cream
1/2 cup powdered sugar

*** bread ***

in a large bowl , cream butter and gradually add the sugar , eggs and
pumpkin . mix well . combine the dry ingredients and stir into the cream
mixture , blending well . stir in chips and nuts . pour in a greased and
floured 9x5 loaf pan . bake in a preheated 350of oven for 45-50 minutes
until test done . cool on rack .

*** glaze ***

stir together and spread over bread .

source : `` the yankee kitchen '' 03-29-93 ( # 2 ) [ krista ]

yield : 1 servings




chocolate chip croissants

breads , croissant

1 1/2 cup butter or margarine , softene
1/4 cup flour , unsifted , all-purp
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup very warm water ( 105-115
2 pkg active dry yeast
3 cup flour , unsifted , all-purp
12 oz chocolate chips
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon milk

with spoon , beat butter , 1/4 cup flour till smooth . spread on waxed
paper ( on wet cookie sheet ) in a rectangle 12x6 . refrigerate . heat
3/4 cup milk ; stir in 2 tbl sugar , salt to dissolve . cool to
lukewarm . sprinkle water with yeast ; stir to dissolve . with spoon ,
beat in milk mixture and 3 cup flour until smooth . turn on lightly
floured pastry cloth ; knead until smooth . let rise , covered , in warm
place , free from drafts , until doubled -- about 1 hour . refrigerate
1/2 hour . on lightly floured pastry cloth , with stockingette-covered
rolling pin , roll into 14x14 rectangle . place butter mixture on half
of dough ; remove paper . fold other half over butter ; pinch edges to
seal . with fold at right , roll from center to 20x8 . from short side ,
fold dough into thirds , making 3 layers ; seal edges ; chill 1 hour
wrapped in foil . with fold at left , roll to 20x8 ; fold ; chill 1/2
hour . repeat . chill overnight . next day , roll ; fold twice ; chill
1/2 hour between . then chill 1 hour longer . to shape : cut dough into
4 parts . on lightly floured pastry cloth , roll each into a 12-inch
circle . cut each circle into 6 wedges . sprinkle wedges with chocolate
chips -- be careful to leave a 1/2-inch margin all around and not
overstuff with the chips . roll up beginning at wide end . form into a
crescent . place point side down , 2 '' apart on brown paper on cookie
sheet .
cover ; let rise in warm place , free from drafts until double -- 1
hour . heat oven to 425. brush with beaten egg yolk mix in the 1 tbl
milk . bake 5 minutes , then reduce oven to 375 ; bake 10 minutes more
or until croissants are puffed and browned . cool on rack for
10minutes .

yield : 24 servings




hominy corn bread

breads

1 cup hominy
1 tablespoon melted shortening
2 eggs , well beaten
1/2 cup corn-meal
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup milk

combine hominy , shortening , eggs , and milk . add corn-meal , salt , and
baking powder . let stand 5 minutes . add 1 tablespoon more of milk if
desirable . pour into well-oiled pan and bake in hot oven ( 425 f ) 35
minutes or until a rich golden brown . 6 servings . florence taft
eaton , concord , ma .

yield : 6 servings




soda bread # 2 - whole wheat

breads , irish

4 1/4 to 4-1/2 cups whole wheat graham fl ; our
4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon butter or margarine , cut in small p ; ieces
2 cup buttermilk

heat oven to 350f . grease a large cast-iron skillet or baking
sheet . in a large bowl , mix 4 c. flour with the baking powder ,
baking soda , and salt . add butter and rub it into the flour by
scooping up handfuls of the mixture and rubbing it between the palms
of your hands until pieces of butter are no longer visible .

add buttermilk to a bowl and stir with a wooden spoon until mixture
forms a dough . sprinkle about 1/4 cup of remaining flour on a
board . turn out dough and knead lightly for about 1 minute , working
in the flour from the board and forming dough into a smooth , round
loaf about 8 inches in diameter .

put loaf , smooth side up , in prepared pan and cut a deep cross in
it , slicing three-fourths of the way through the dough . bake 55-60
minutes , or until loaf sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom . cool
on a wire rack .

contributed by : andrew balinsky ( balinsky @ cs.umd.edu ) from :
mcmanus @ maths.anu.edu.au date : 02-19-94

yield : 1 servings




lemon tea bread

breads

3 tablespoon butter -- melted
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup fresh lemon juice
2 tablespoon lemon zest -- grated
1/2 cup powdered sugar -- sifted

stir sugar into melted butter . beat in eggs . stir in flour and salt
until just blended . add 1/2 cup lemon juice and one tablespoon lemon
zest . pour batter into a greased and floured loaf pan . bake at 350
for 50 minutes . remove from oven and cool ten minutes . mix powdered
sugar with remaining 1/4 cup lemon juice and one tablespoon zest .
remove bread from pan and pour glaze over top .

recipe by : elizabeth powell

yield : 8 servings




crusty beer bread

breads

3 cup self-rising flour
2 tablespoon sugar
12 oz western beer at room temperature

preheat oven to 350 . mix all ingredients together . place in greased
loaf pan . place loaf pan on center rack of oven . bake for 47 to 50
minutes . take loaf out after about 45 minutes and butter top . return
to oven and bake about 5 minutes more . excelent with soup or stew .

yield : 1 servings




sourdough pancakes # 1

breads

1/2 cup active starter
1/2 cup pancake mix
1 each large egg
1 tablespoon cooking oil
1/2 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon soda

mix all ingredients well . be careful not to over mix . small lumps
are ok. lightly grease a hot cast iron griddle . drop onto griddle
with a large spoon while the batter is still rising .

yield : 4 servings




power falafel

breads , greek

1 can chick peas , drained
4 garlic cloves , sliced
1 egg
1/4 cup parsley , snipped
3 green onions , chopped
1/4 cup tahini ( sesame paste )
1/4 cup dry breadcrumbs
1 1/2 tablespoon cumin , ground
1 1/2 teaspoon basil , dried
1 1/2 teaspoon marjoram , dried
1 1/2 teaspoon thyme , dried
1 1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sunflower or canola oil
4 whole wheat pitas

servings : 4

* toppings : tahini sauce and chopped vegetables such as tomatoes ,
cucumbers , radishes and sprouts . in a food processor or food mill ,
combine the chick peas and garlic . process until smooth . add egg and
process to mix . transfer to a medium bowl and stir in parsley ,
onions , tahini , breadcrumbs , cumin , basil , marjoram , thyme , pepper
and salt . shape mixture into 8 patties each about 1/4 inch thick . in
a large , heavy skillet , heat oil on medium-high heat ; add patties and
cook for 5 - 7 minutes per side or until golden brown . or the mixture
can be placed in an ovenproof dish and baked following biotrain
directions above . to serve , cut pitas in halves . tuck a patty or
dollop of the baked mixture into each pita `` pocket . '' pass bowls of
topping to complete sandwiches as desired . serves 4 .

from the gazette , 91/05/01 .

yield : 4 servings




orange chocolate chip bread

breads , quick bread , low cal , chocolate

1/2 cup skim milk
1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt
1/3 cup sugar
1/4 cup orange juice
1 egg ; slightly beaten
1 tablespoon orange peel ; freshly grated
3 cup all-purpose biscuit baking m
1/2 cup hershey 's mini chips semi-sw

heat oven to 350 f. grease 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan or spray with
vegetable cooking spray . in large bowl , stir together milk , yogurt ,
sugar , orange juice , egg and orange peel ; add baking mix . with spoon ,
beat until well blended , about 1 min . stir in small chocolate chips .
pour into prepared pan . bake 45 to 50 mins or until a wooden pick
inserted in center comes out clean . cool 10 mins ; remove from pan to
wire rack . cool completely before slicing . garnish as desired . wrap
leftover bread in foil or plastic wrap . store at room temperature or
freeze for longer storage . yield :
1 loaf ( 16 slices )

yield : 1 servings




wheaten bread ( maddybenny , irish )

breads

3 cup flour , whole wheat
1 cup flour , all purpose
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg , grated
2 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon orange rind , grated

in large bowl , stir together whole wheat and all-purpose flours ,
baking soda , salt and nutmeg . make a well in centre ; add buttermilk
and orange rind . mix just until dough is soft but not sticky . turn
dough out onto lightly floured surface . knead 10 times . put dough
into greased 8 x 4 in ( 1.5 l ) loaf pan . bake in 350f ( 180c ) oven 20
minutes . reduce temperature to 300f ( 150c ) ; bake 25 to 30 minutes
longer or until a cake tester inserted in centre of loaf comes out
clean . turn out onto wire rack .

yield : 16 servings




poppyseed kolachky filling

breads

2 cup milk , scalded
1 lb ground poppyseeds
1 1/2 cup sugar

contributed to the echo by : leti labell originally from : `` more
favorite recipes '' from the catholic universe bulletin poppyseed
filling mix together filling ingredients . set aside until milk is
absorbed and mixture is cooled .

yield : 1 servings




prune bread

breads

1/2 lb dried prunes
3/4 cup boiling water
1 3/4 cup flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 each egg
2 tablespoon salad oil or melted crisco

soak prunes in cold water 2 hours ; drain . pit prunes ; chop . add
boiling water ; let stand 5 minutes . sift to-gether flour , sugar , salt
and soda . add prune mixture . beat egg and add . add salad oil or
melted crisco . pour into greased loaf pan and bake in 325 oven 1
hour . remove from pan and cool on rack .

yield : 6 servings




real white bread

breads

1/4 cup : warm water ( approx 105f )
1 pkg dry yeast
1 3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon butter ; softened
1 vegetable shortening or oil
2 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoon salt
5 1/2 cup all-purpose flour ( or more )

pour the warm water over the yeast . stir well , and let stand to
dissolve . heat the milk , stirring , to the same temperature as the
yeast , then pour it over the dissolved yeast . add the butter ( or
shortening or oil ) , sugar , salt and 4 cups of the flour . beat
vigorously with a large spoon for at least 1 minute . stir in enough
of the remaining flour , 1/2 cup at a time , to make a stiff but not
dry dough . dust the kneading surface with 1/4 cup of the reserved
flour and turn the dough out onto it , cleaning the bowl completely
with a rubber spatula . knead the dough for 1 minute , sprinkling extra
flour a little at a time as necessary , then let rest for 10 minutes .
resume kneading for about 6 to 8 minutes more , or until the dough is
smooth and elastic . put in a lightly greased bowl , cover and let rest
in a warm place to rise for between 1 and 2 hours . when the dough has
doubled in bulk , turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and punch
it down for a minute . cut dough in half and pat each half into an
oval the approximate length of your bread pan , which should be
lightly greased . put in the pan , cover with a damp towel and let rise
for another 45 minutes to 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350f and , when
the bread is risen , put it in the oven . bake for about 40-to-45
minutes in a glass pan , or 45-to-50 minutes in a metal pan . makes 2
loaves

yield : 2 servings




irish soda muffins

breads , quick & easy

1 cup quaker oats , uncooked - ( quick or o ; ld-fashioned )
1 cup buttermilk or sour milk*
1 egg
1/3 cup margarine or butter ; melted
1/4 cup brown sugar , firmly packed
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt ( optional )
1/2 cup raisins

combine oats and buttermilk ; refrigerate 1 hour or overnight . heat
oven to 400 f. grease 12 medium muffin cups or line with paper
baking cups . in large bowl , combine egg , margarine and brown sugar ;
mix well . add oat mixture alternately with combined dry ingredients
to egg mixture , mixing just until dry ingredients are moistened
( batter will be slightly lumpy ) . stir in raisins . fill prepared
muffin cups 2/3 full . bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown .

*note : to make sour milk , place 1 tablespoon lemon juice or vinegar in
glass measuring cup . add enough milk to equal 1 cup ; mix well . let
stand 10 minutes .

nutritional analysis per muffin : * calories 162 * carbohydrates 23 g *
protein 4 g * fat 6 g * calcium 56 mg * sodium 160 mg * cholesterol
25 mg * dietary fiber 1 g

source : `` hurry , let 's eat ! '' reprinted with permission from the quaker
oats company electronic format courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




tomato bread w/herbs

breads , sun-dried

-- -- waldine van geffen vc42a -- --
2 cup tomato juice
1/2 cup canned tomato sauce
2 tablespoon olive oil
6 cup all-purpose flour ; to 6-1/2
2 pkg active dry yeast
3 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/4 teaspoon ground rosemary
1/4 teaspoon ground fennel
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 small cloves garlic ; crushed

lightly grease large bowl and 2 9x5x3 '' loaf pans with olive oil . set
aside . in small saucepan , heat tomato juice , sauce and 2 tb olive oil
to 120~ . in large mixer bowl , combine 3 cups flour with yeast and
remaining ingredients . pour in tomato mixture and beat thoroughly for
3 minutes . gradually add remaining 3 to 3-1/2 c flour , mixing by hand
if necessary until it holds together enough to turn out onto floured
surface . the dough is quite sticky and you may need to add a tad more
flour , but do n't add an excessive amount or you will have a dry
bread . knead about 5 minutes until dough smooths out . place dough in
greased bowl , cover and let rise until doubled in size , about 1 hour .
punch dough down , let rest 15 minutes , the shape into 2 loaves and
place in prepared pans . cover pans and let dough rise an additional
45 minutes or until doubled in size . preheat oven to 375~ . bake
loaves 10 minutes , reduce heat to 350~ and bake 30 to 40 minutes
more . bread is done when loaves sound hollow when thumped with
knuckle . tip loaves out immediately onto wire racks to cool . source :
heartland by marcia adams . ( wrv )

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat date-nut bread - pan-1

breads , breadmaker

1 xkgr41a don fifield
2 1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon butter
1/3 cup dates ; ( 1 1/2 oz ) ; chopped
1/4 cup pecans ( 1 oz ) ; chopped
15/16 cup water ( 7 1/2 fl.oz )
1 teaspoon dry yeast

timer or bake ( rapid ) mode may be used . place all ingredients ( except
liquids and yeast ) inside the bread pan . add liquid ingredients . close
cover and place dry yeast into the yeast holder . select : whole wheat
bake mode . press start . 5:00 will show .

yield : 1 servings




toasted french bread with pistachio butter

breads

1/2 cup butter , softened
4 tablespoon finely chopped shelled
1 natural pistachios ,
1 divided
1 tablespoon lemon or lime juice
1/2 teaspoon each oregano , crushed , and
1 pepper
1 dash garlic powder
1 loaf french bread

combine butter , 2 tbsp . pistachios , lemon juice and seasonings . halve
bread lengthwise ; spread both cut surfaces with butter
mixture.sprinkle with remaining pistachios.broil 5 '' from heat until
bread is hot and top is lightly browned.slice and serve.makes 6 to 8
servings .

yield : 8 servings




gluten-free orange muffins or quick bread

breads , quick & easy , gluten free

1 1/2 cup am millet or rice flour
1/2 cup am soy flour
1 tablespoon non-alum baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sea salt ( optional )
1/4 teaspoon orange flavor
1 cup water or orange juice
1/4 cup am unrefined vegetable oil
1/4 cup rice syrup

combine all dry ingredients . mix all liquids ; add to dry
ingredients . pour into well-oiled pan . for muffins , fill cups full ,
bake at 375 f. 15-20 minutes .
for bread , bake 35-40 minutes or until done .

( yield : 1 loaf/12 muffins )

source : arrowhead mills `` recipes for special dietary needs '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 1 loaf




egg bread ( cinnamon )

breads , cheese/eggs

7 1/4 cup flour ( bread flour prefered )
2 pkg yeast ( rapid rise )
2 cup milk
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine
2 teaspoon salt
3 each eggs ( room temperature )

mix 3c flour and yeast in large bowl - heat milk , sugar , butter and
salt in sauce pan until warm ( 115 deg ) - add warm liquid to dry mix
and beat at high speed for 3 min . - add remaining flour 1c at a time
and then knead dough till smooth - let rise till doubled in size then
punch down roll out - spread with cinnimon-sugar mix ( paint dough
with melted butter if desired before putting on cinnimon ) then roll
dough in log and cut in half - place in 2 bread pans and let rise
till doubled in size - bake at 350 deg . for 30 min . - remove from
pans and paint tops with butter for soft crust or with milk for hard
crust . makes 2 loaves , ( 18 servings per loaf ) . note : per serving ,
cal . 109 ; fat 2.0g ; sodium 150mg

yield : 20 servings




chicken-filled puffs

breads , poultry

1 mini puffs
2 cup finely chopped cooked
1 chicken or 3 cans
1 ( 6 3/4 oz ea . ) chicken ,
1 drained
1/3 cup mayonnaise or salad
1 dressing
1 tablespoon finely chopped onion or
1/2 teaspoon instant minced onion
2 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
2 stalks celery , finely
1 chopped ( about 1/2 c . )
-- -- minipuffs -- --
1 cup water
1/2 cup margarine or butter
1 cup all-purpose flour
4 eggs

prepare mini puffs . mix remaining ingredients . cut off tops of
puffs with sharp knife ; remove any filaments of soft dough . fill each
puff with rounded teaspoon chicken mixture ; replace top . refrigerate
until serving time . *mini puffs* heat oven to 400 . heat water and
margarine to rolling boil in 3-quart saucepan . stir in flour . stir
vigorously over low heat until mixture forms a ball , about 1 minute ;
remove from heat . beat in eggs , all at once ; continue beating until
smooth and glossy . drop dough by slightly rounded teaspoonfuls onto
ungreased cookie sheet . bake until puffed , golden brown and dry , about
25 minutes . cool on wire rack .

yield : 4 servings




baking powder biscuits ( wedman )

breads

2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup margarine
1/2 cup lowfat milk

combine the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl . cut in the margarine
with a fork or pastry blender . add the milk . stir to make a soft
dough .

roll out on a lightly floured surface until 1/2 inch thick . cut into
biscuit shapes . ( or divide dough in 12 balls , roll in your hands and
pat lightly to flatten . )

place on an ungreased baking sheet . bake at 425 f for 12 to 15
minutes or until lightly browned .

1 biscuit - 109 calories , 1 bread exchange , 1 fat exchange 15 grams
carbohydrate , 2 grams protein , 4 grams fat 152 mg sodium , 37 mg
potassium , 0 cholesterol

source : am . diabetes assoc . holiday cookbook by betty wedman , 1986
shared but not tested by elizabeth rodier , nov 93

yield : 12 servings




soda crackers [ america 1941 ]

breads , quick bread

-- -- american measurements -- --
4 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sour milk
1 cup butter

from 1941 , soda crackers without yeast . because this is an old
recipe , it 's hard to determine how many crackers it makes . the yield
will depend on how big you cut the squares . preheat oven to 400
degrees f. sift flour , soda and salt together and cut in the butter .
add milk . the dough should be quite stiff . work it thoroughly for 10
minutes . roll out on a floured board to about 1/4-inch in thickness
and cut in squares . punch holes with fork . place on greased pan and
bake until golden , about 8 to 10 minutes .

note : to make sour milk , place 1 tablespoon vinegar in a cup , add
milk to three fourth cup .

yield : 50 crackers




chocolate peanut butter scones

breads , chocolate

2 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar , brown
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter , sweet ; chilled
3/4 cup peanut butter , creamy
1/4 cup milk
2 egg
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup peanuts , unsalted ; chopped
1 1/2 oz chocolate , bittersweet

approx . cook time : 0:17
break chocolate into 8 equal pieces . preheat oven to 375f . in a
large bowl , stir together the flour , brown sugar , baking powder , and
salt . cut the butter into 1/2-inch cubes and distribute them over the
flour mixture . with a pastry blender or two knives used scissors
fashion , cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs .
in a small bowl , stir together the peanut butter mixture to the flour
mixture and knead until combined . knead in the peanuts . pat the
dough out into a 1/2-inch thickness on a cutting board . using a
floured 2-1/2 in . to 3-in . diameter crinkled round biscuit cutter ,
cut out rounds from the dough . gather the scraps together and repeat
until all the dough is used and there are 16 round . place 8 of the
rounds on an ungreased baking sheet . top each round with a piece of
the chocolate and one of the remaining circles of dough . press the
edges gently to seal . bake for 17-19 minutes , or until lightly
browned . remove the baking sheet to a wire rack and cool 5 minutes .
using a spatula , transfer the scones to the wire rack to cool . serve
warm or cool completely and store in an airtight container . variation
( randy 's preference ) : make the dough as above , omitting bittersweet
chocolate , substituting 1/2 c. unsalted peanuts for the chopped
peanuts and kneading in 3/4 c. semisweet chocolate chips at the same
time . put the dough into a 9-inch diameter circle on a baking sheet .
with a serrated knife , cut into 8 wedges . bake 20-22 minutes , or
until a cake tested or toothpick inserted into the center of a scone
comes out clean . cool as above and recut into wedges , if necessary .

yield : 8 servings




bill 's pizza crust

breads , ethnic

2 1/2 cup unbleached flour
1 pkg active yeast : dissolved in :
1/3 cup water
1 1/4 cup pastry flour
2 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cup tepid water

mix until massed , add 3 t olive oil knead , & let rise to 3x size knead
again & let rise again to 3x size cut in half , roll out every 2
minutes until expanded to 14 inches . add toppings and bake at 450 for
12-15 minutes .

bill was attempting to find the perfect pizza crust . he developed
this over a period of time through trial and error . this should
produce a thin firm crust for your pizza . source : bill the guitar
player 1980

yield : 1 servings




whole wheat banana bread

breads

1/2 cup butter
1 cup sugar
2 each eggs , slightly beaten
1 cup mashed bananas ( 3 medium )
1 cup flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon soda
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/3 cup hot water
1/2 cup chopped walnuts

melt butter . blend in sugar . mix in beaten eggs and mashed bananas ,
blending until smooth . sift flour , salt and soda . stir in whole wheat
flour . add alternately with hot water . stir in nuts .

bake in 9x5 inch loaf pan at 325 degrees for 1 hour 10 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




savory breakfast bran muffins

breads , breakfast , quick & easy

2 cup am bran muffin mix
1 egg or egg replacer
1 tablespoon am unrefined vegetable oil
1 1/4 cup water
1/2 cup cheese , grated
1/2 cup onion ( chopped )
1/2 teaspoon salt , or more to taste - ( optional )
1/4 cup green chilis ; chopped

preheat oven to 350 f. mix water , oil and egg together in large
bowl . add cheese , onions and chilis . add bran muffin mix and stir
briefly . fill oiled muffin cups 2/3 full and bake for 30-35 minutes ,
or until a toothpick comes out clean .

source : arrowhead mills `` the natural way to start your day '' tri-fold
reprinted by permission of arrowhead mills , inc. electronic format
courtesy of : karen mintzias

yield : 12 muffins




vix vivax -- romulan raisin/walnut bread

breads

4 cup milk
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoon light molasses
2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup sour cream
2 pkg dry yeast
13 cup flour ( more or less )
2 cup golden raisins
2 cup walnuts ; coarsely chopped
1 egg ; for glaze

***this makes 4 loaves of bread scald the milk . add the butter , sugar ,
molasses and salt . let it cool for about 10 minutes and add the sour
cream , beating with a wire whisk to mix it all thoroughly . pour it
into a large bowl . when the liquid is cool enough so that a drop on
the inside of your wrist is not hot enough to hurt , add the yeast .
( if you add yeast to the hot mixture , you will kill the yeast and the
bread will not rise . ) add about 5 cups of flour , 1 cup at a time , and
mix it well with the liquid , breaking up lumps as you mix . add
raisins and walnuts . add flour , 1 cup at a time , until the dough is
no longer very sticky ; it should be right when you have added about
12 cups . sprinkle out about 1/4 to 1/2 cup flour onto a clean board
or countertop . dump the dough onto the floury place and scrape out
the bowl onto the dough . wash , dry and grease the bowl . now , knead
the dough for about 15 to 20 minutes using up the last of the flour .
it should feel stretchy and elastic . put the dough into the greased
bowl and grease the top . cover it will a damp cloth and set it in a
warm place to rise . it may take as much as 2 hours until it is double
in bulk . when it has doubled in bulk , flour a place on the counter ,
dump it out and knead it again for about 5 minutes . divide the dough
into 4 equal parts and grease 4 bread pans . shape the dough into
loaves and put 1 in each pan . cover the pans with a damp cloth and
let the dough rise until about double in bulk , about 1 hour . preheat
the oven to 325 degrees , brush the tops of the loaves with beaten
egg , and put them in the oven . bake at 325 for 30 minutes and then at
300 degrees for another 30 minutes . the loaves will sound `` hollow ''
when tapped when they are done . take them out of the oven as soon as
they are done . turn them out of the pan onto cake racks . the bread is
best served warm , but it may be cooled and then frozen to save .

yield : 10 servings




orange-nut muffins

breads

2 cup flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup chopped walnuts
1 orange ; grated peel only
2 eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 cup oil
1 cup brown sugar , packed

sift flour with baking powder , cinnamon and salt . add nuts and orange
peel and mix lightly . beat eggs and stir in milk , oil and brown
sugar . make well in flour mixture and add egg mixture all at once .
mix very quickly , just until dry ingredients are moistened . spoon
into greased muffin cups , filling about 2/3 full . bake at 375f 12 to
15 minutes .

created by : buffum 's department stores , los angeles

( c ) 1992 the los angeles times

yield : 12 servings




sourdough apple pancakes

breads , sourdough , apples

2 cup starter
1 egg ; beaten
1/2 cup applesauce
2 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 tablespoon sugar
1 white flour ; kneaded
1/2 teaspoon baking soda

add egg , applesauce , melted butter , sugar and salt to the starter and
mix briefly . add flour to attain desired consistency mix until lump
free . just before baking dissolve baking soda in a tablespoon of
water and gently blend with the batter pour 2 to 3 inch rounds on a
hot ( 400 ) griddle . cook 2 to 4 minutes and turn for an additional 2
minutes .

yield : 4 servings




chocolate walnut butter bread

breads , breakfast

1/2 cup warm water
1 pkg yeast
3 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
4 each eggs , room temp .
12 tablespoon butter , softened
1 cup walnuts , chopped ( lg . pieces )
6 oz chocolate , semisweet *

* use 6-one ounce squares , broken or chopped in large pieces . put the
water in a large mixing bowl and sprinkle in the yeast . stir and
allow to stand for 5 minutes to dissolve . add the flour , sugar , salt ,
and eggs to the yeast mixture and beat vigorously until well blended .
beat in the butter in tablespoon sized pieces until it is all
incorporated and the batter is smooth . cover the bowl with plastic
wrap and let the batter rise to double its bulk . stir the batter down
and add the walnuts and chocolate pieces . spoon the batter into two
greased 8 1/2x4 1/2x3-inch loaf pans ( the pans should be half full so
the loaves will have nicely rounded tops when they finish baking )
bake in a preheated 350 oven for about 45 minutes . remove from the
oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes , then turn loaves out onto
racks . makes 2 loaves ; about 16 slices each . source : the breakfast
book , marion cunningham

yield : 32 servings




philadelphian soft bread pretzels

breads

1 1/4 cup warm water ( 85f )
1 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
4 1/2 cup all purpose flour

combine water , yeast and sugar and let stand untiil yeast has
dissolved and is foamy . mix in flour and knead for 7-8 minutes . let
dough rise covered , in a greased bowl in a warm place , until double
in bulk . form into sticks or pretzels and place on greased cookie
sheets . apply a thin egg wash ( 1 egg yolk diluted with 1-2 tbsp water
or milk ) sprinkle with coarse salt . allow pretzels to rise until
almost double in bulk . bake in preheated 475 f oven for about
10 minutes . cool and serve .

origin : newspaper article shared by : sharon stevens from : z pegasus
# 2 @ 1219000

yield : 6 servings




hide 'n ' seek coffee cake

breads , cakes , quick & easy

-- -- batter -- --
1/2 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 egg
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup milk
-- -- filling -- --
1/2 cup california dried figs - ( chopped fi ; ne )
1/4 cup chopped walnuts
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup butter ; melted
1 tablespoon cinnamon

batter : cream shortening , add sugar and vanilla and cream thoroughly .
add beaten egg and mix thoroughly . sift dry ingredients , and add
alternately with milk . spread half the batter in greased 8-inch cake
pan . cover with fig filling and add remaining batter . bake
45 minutes at 350 f .

filling : rinse figs with hot water , then chop fine . blend with
remaining ingredients for coffee-cake filling .

source : 48 family favorites with california figs reprinted with the
permission of the california fig advisory board electronic format
courtesy of karen mintzias

yield : 1 8 '' cake




welsh cakes ( bakestone recipes )

breads

8 oz plain flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon mized spice
2 oz butter or margarine
2 oz lard
3 oz granulated sugar
2 oz raisins ( or currants )
1 egg , beaten
3 tablespoon milk

sift the flour , baking powder and spice into a mizing bowl . cut the
fat into the flour , and rub it to a breadcrumb-like consistency ; then
mix in the sugar and raisins . mix in the egg , and sufficient milk to
make a stiff dough . roll out on a floured board to 1/4 inch thick .
cut into 3 inch rounds . bake on a hot greased bakestone until golden
brown , about 4 minutes on each side . * variation : `` teisen dinca '' --
make up the welsh cake dough adding 6 oz peeled and grated cooking
apples before adding the egg . mix to a stiff dough , adding milk if
necessary . roll out , cut into rounds and cook on the bakestone as for
welsh cakes . serve hot with butter , golden syrup , or honey .

yield : 4 servings




old-fashioned oatmeal bread

breads

2 tablespoon dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
1/2 cup molasses
1/3 cup oil
1 1/4 cup warm water
2 each well beaten eggs
1 tablespoon salt
2 cup oats
5 cup wholewheat flour

stir yeast into warm water & set aside for 5 minutes . in a large
bowl , mix together molasses , oil , water , eggs & salt . stir in yeast
& then oats . add flour , using just enought to ofrm a soft dough .
knead for several minutes . cover & let rise till doubled in bulk .
punch down & knead again . divide in half & place in two oiled bread
tins . cover & let rise till doubled . bake at 375f for 45 minutes .

`` the vegetarian times cookbook ''

yield : 1 servings




whole grain pumpkin bread

breads , vegetables

1 cup oil or butter
1 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup molasses
2 eggs , well beaten
16 oz can pumpkin ( libby 's )
2 cup flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour*
1/3 cup wheat bran*
1/3 cup oat bran*
1/3 cup wheat germ*
2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon cloves
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup pecans , finely chopped ( optional )

* this recipe uses a lot of whole grains , but it will turn out
excellently if you use all-purpose flour in place of any or all of
the whole grains . also , any of the whole grains are interchangeable
with any of the other whole grains in the recipe .

preheat oven to 375 degrees . grease 2 loaf pans . beat oil , brown
sugar , and molasses until well blended . blend in egg and pumpkin .
stir flours , brans , wheat germ , soda , cinnamon , cloves , nutmeg , and
salt into mixture just until moistened . fold in nuts . fill pans and
bake about 1 hour , until pick comes out clean . cool on rack . better
if served the day after cooking .

this bread freezes well .

yield : 6 servings




english muffins in a loaf

breads

5 3/4 cup flour
2 pkg yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 1/3 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup milk
1/2 cup ; water
1 cornmeal

calories per serving : 343 fat grams per serving : 2 approx . cook
time : 2:00 measure flour by spooning lightly into a cup . combine
three cups flour , yeast , sugar , salt , and soda . heat milk and water
to 120-130 degrees f. add to dry mixture ; beat well . stir in enough
more flour to make a very stiff batter . spoon into two loaf pans
that are greased and sprinkled with cornmeal . let rise for 45
minutes . bake for 25 minutes at 400 degrees . remove from pans
immediately and let cool . submitted by sam waring
< sam.waring @ 382-91-12.ima.infomail.com > on mon , 20 nov 1995 150014
gmt

yield : 16 servings




dilly casserole bread

breads

1 pkg yeast in 1/4 cup water
1 cup cottage cheese
2 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon onion flakes
1 tablespoon butter
2 teaspoon dill seed
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon soda
1 unbeaten egg
2 1/2 cup ( or a little less ) sifted all-purpo ; se flour

soften yeast in water . combine all other ingredients except flour .
add the yeast mixture , then flour 1/2 cup at a time to form a stiff
dough . let this mixture stand 1 hour , covered with a piece of
buttered wax paper . after the hour , punch down the dough and knead
for about 5 minutes . put the dough in a greased 8 '' casserole . let
this rise for 40 - 50 minutes . bake the bread at 350 degrees f for 40
~ 50 minutes until golden brown .

yield : 1 loaf




carrot muffins with walnut-cream centers ww

breads , vegetables

2 1/4 cup flour , all-purpose
5 2/3 tablespoon sugar , granulated
2 teaspoon baking soda
10 tablespoon raisins , golden plumped , drained
3 2/3 tablespoon margaine softened
1 cup buttermilk , low-fat
1/2 cup egg substitute
2 tablespoon orange juice concentrate no sugar ; added
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
6 tablespoon cream cheese , light
2 oz walnuts finely chopped
2 tablespoon sour cream , light

preheat oven to 350f . line 12 muffin cups with paper baking cups ; set
aside . combine flour , 1/3 cup sugar and baking soda ; stir . add
carrots and raisins , stir to coat . stir in margarine ; set aside .
combine buttermilk , egg sustitute , orange juice and vanilla ; stir
into flour mixture . fill each cup about 2/3 full .
combine cream cheese , walnuts , sour cream and remaining sugar . top
each portion of batter with an equal amount of cheese mixture . bake
in middle rack for 20-25 minutes , golden brown . remove from pan to
rack and cool .

weight watcher exchanges : 1-1/4 fat , 1/4 protein , 1/4 vegetable , 1
bread , 1/2 fruit , 65 optional calories .

nutritional analysis per serving : 236 calories , 6 g .
protein , 8 g. fat , 35 g. carbohydrate , 56 mg calcuim , 260 mg .
sodium , 5 mg. cholesterol , 2 g. dietary fiber .

calories from fat : 29 %

original recipe from weight watchers `` simply light cooking ''
conversion and additional analysis by rick weissgerber . [ genie
d.weissgerbe ]

yield : 12 servings




health bread

breads

2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/3 cup sugar ( white )
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup ground quick cooking -
1 rolled oats
1/2 cup molasses
2 tablespoon melted shortening
2 cup sour milk
1 cup raisins

sift the first five ingredients together . add the oats , molasses ,
melted shortening and milk . mix thoroughly and add the raisins . pour
into a large greased loaf pan . let it set for 20 minutes then bake
about 1 hour at 350f . note : the rolled oats may be ground with a
rolling pin or in the meat grinder . source : chatelaine golden anniv .
recipes.ch .

yield : 1 servings




pepperoni bread~pat mcclay 's

breads , cheese/eggs

1 pkg frozen bread dough ( 1 loaf )
1/2 lb slicing pepperoni
1/4 lb provolone cheese

split defrosted loaf in half and roll out to about 8x13 inches . layer
pepperoni , then provolone on each sheet . roll up lenghtwise , tucking
in ends . bake 400 f 20-25 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




soft pretezels

breads

1 cup water
1 pkg yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup flour
2 tablespoon soft butter
1/2 tablespoon salt
1 1/4 cup flour
1 egg

combine the first 3 ingredients and let stand until it bubbles .
combine the next 3 ingredients and add the yeast mixture . add
remaining flour and kneed 2-3 minutes . divide into 8-10 pieces and
roll out into a rope . shape into pretezels . place on greased cookie
sheets and brush with eggs . sprinkle with coarse salt . bake in a
preheated 425f oven for 12-15 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




nutmeg french toast

breads , breakfast

2 tablespoon butter
5 large eggs
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 cup milk
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
10 slice day-old bread
1 powdered sugar
1 jelly and sour cream
-- -- gingered syrup -- --
2 cup maple syrup
1/3 cup orange juice
1 teaspoon ground ginger

preheat oven to 475f . and generously butter 2 large baking sheets . in
blender or with a whisk beat eggs , sugar , milk , nutmeg , cinnamon and
salt . pour into shallow dish ; dip bread into egg mixture , allowing as
much egg as possible to be absorbed . arrange on cookie sheets and
bake about 5 minutes on each side . combine all ingredients for the
syrup and gently heat . dust the french toast with powdered sugar and
serve with the syrup , jelly , and sour cream .

source : medford mail tribune , 20 december 1994 typed by katherine
smith kook-net : the shadow zone iv - stinson beach , ca

yield : 4 servings




easy dried tomato beer bread

breads , sun-dried

2 oz dried tomatoes ; soft , chop
1/4 cup tomato sauce
1 egg
12 oz beer ; room temperature
1/4 cup sugar
3 1/2 cup self-rising flour

preheat the oven to 350~ . mix sugar with flour . add beer , egg and
tomato sauce and mix all together quickly . fold in the tomatoes .
spoon batter into a greased loaf pan and bake 50 to 60 minutes . this
bread rises beautifully and has a very unusual flavor . it tastes good
with soup or salad and can be toasted with butter . ( wrv )

yield : 1 servings




upside down bread pudding

breads , desserts , puddings

1/3 cup sugar
8 slice white bread
2 cup milk
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon butter ; melted
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 eggs ; well beaten
1/2 cup dried figs ; chopped
1/2 cup slivered almonds

in small skillet over low heat , melt 1/3 cup sugar until it forms
carmel-like syrup , stirring constantly . pour into greased loaf pan ,
tipping slightly to coat sides . break bread into mixing bow . pour
milk over ; add salt , 1/2 cup sugar , butter , vanilla and eggs . blend
until well mixed . stir in california dried figs . spoon into loaf pan
that has been coated with caramelized sugar . sprinkle with almonds .
bake at 350 degrees f. for 45 minutes . turn upside down on platter
immediately . serve hot or cold , plain or with custard sauce . makes 6
servings . ( maw )

yield : 6 servings




zucchini bread 1

breads

3 eggs
1 cup oil
2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 cup grated zucchini
2 teaspoon vanilla
3 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
3 cup flour
1 cup walnuts , optional

mix wet ingredients , then add dry ingredients . pour into loaf pans
( 2 ) . bake for an hour at 350 .

recipe from charlo zauss , el cajon .

yield : 6 servings




parathas

breads , spicy

8 cup whole wheat flour
3 teaspoon salt
2 cup water , about
1/3 cup butter

yield : 12 to 16 parathas cooking time : 2 to 3 minutes each

sift the flour and salt and gradually add the water , soothing out any
lumps , and making a pliable dough . knead the dough well . then cover
it with a damp cloth and allow to stand for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . make
small balls out of the dough . roll them out , thin and even . then
with the back of a tablespoon , rub each pancake with melted butter .
fold once and rub with more butter . repeat once , better still twice .
then roll them out again in triangle shapes . heat the griddle and
butter it slightly . cook parathas on both sides , turning once . when
finished , the bread is of a mild honey color and crisp . to make them
crisper , substitute some of the water with about 4 tbls of milk .

from how to make good curries by helen lawson copyright 1973

yield : 6 servings




carrot or zucchini muffins

breads

1 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 1/2 cup natural bran
3 each carrots , 1c grated
2 each eggs
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup skim milk or orange juice
2 tablespoon vinegar
1/2 cup honey
1/4 cup molasses
1/2 cup raisins

blend flour , salt , baking soda , cinnamon , nutmeg , and bran together
in food processor , 4 to 5 seconds . pour into large mixing bowl .
process carrots until pureed and add to dry ingredients . process the
eggs and oil for 2 - 3 seconds and add to bowl along with the milk ,
vinegar , honey , molasses , and raisins . stir with a wooden spoon
until just blended ; do not overmix . spoon the batter into paper-lined
muffin tins and bake at 375f for 20 to 25 min .

yield : 24 servings




never fail biscuits

breads

5 tablespoon shortening
3/4 cup milk
2 cup flour
3 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt

sift dry ingredients , cut in shorteneing very finely . add milk . toss
on a floured board . knead lightly , roll , cut and put on greased
pan.bake in 400 f. oven for 20 minutes .

yield : 1 servings




mexican corn bread ( rice )

breads , grains

1 cup yellow cornmeal
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 eggs , beaten
1 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 can ( 8-3/4 ounces ) cream-style corn
1/3 cup chopped onion
2 tablespoon chopped green pepper
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese

in a mixing bowl , combine first six ingredients . combine remaining
ingredients ; add to dry ingredients and stir only until moistened .
pour into a greased 9-in . square baking pan or 1 0-in . heavy skillet .
bake at 350 ! for 30-35 minutes , or until bread is golden brown and
tests done .

yield : 8-10 servings .

from the files of al rice , north pole alaska . feb 1994

yield : 1 servings




cheese biscuits ( scones )

breads , quick & easy

2 cup bisquick
1/2 cup cold water
3/4 cup sharp grated cheddar cheese
2 tablespoon butter -- melted with
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon parsley flakes
1/4 teaspoon italian seasonings

preheat oven to 450 degrees . mix bisquick , water and cheese . drop by
large spoonfuls onto greased baking sheet . bake for 8-10 minutes .
after baking , while still hot , brush on melted butter mixed with
garlic powder , parsley flakes and italian seasoning . serve hot . you
may also substitute soda water or ginger ale for the water .

recipe by :

from : falderso @ interserv.com date : thu , 14 mar 1996 00:57:26
~0800

yield : 1 servings




philadelphia sticky buns

breads

3 cup bread flour
1/4 cup sugar
6 tablespoon butter
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoon powdered buttermilk
7/8 cup water
2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoon quick rising yeast .
1 1/2 teaspoon cardomon ; + -
-- -- bottom 'icing -- --
1/2 cup pecans ; whole
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup brown sugar

make on dough cycle or on manual ... this dough also make excellent
cinnamon rolls roll out dough into a rectangle about 1/4 to 1/8 inch
thick depend on how many and how big you want to make them . take 1
tbl of soft butter and spread all around leaving 1/4 inch of edge .
then sprinkle cinnamon all around as much as you want then take 1/2
cup brown sugar and sprinkle . you can also add the same amount of
chopped nuts and raisins . roll up into a

yield : 12 servings




chocolate chip scones

breads , chocolate

1 cross ( tmpj72b )
2 cup all-purpose flour ; ; sift
1 measuring ; plus
1 for working
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar ; ; plus 2-3 tb
3/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips ; o
4 oz semisweet chocolate ; roughly
1 into 1/2 pcs
1 1/4 cup heavy ( double ) cream
3 tablespoon unsalted butter ; melted

position a rack in the middle of an oven and preheat the oven to 425
degree mix in the chocolate chips or pieces . pour in the cream and
mix with the fo

yield : 12 servings




easy pumpkin loaves

breads , sourdough

1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 cup biscuit mix
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 egg
1/2 cup sourdough starter
1/2 cup canned pumpkin
1/2 cup raisins
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 cup chopped walnuts , if desired
-- -- golden glaze -- --
2 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoon half and half
3 drops yellow food coloring

grease one 9x5 '' loaf pan , two 7 1/2x4 '' loaf pans or three 5 1/2x3 ''
loaf pans ; set aside . preheat oven to 350f . in a large bowl , combine
sugar , biscuit mix , cinnamon , allspice , and cloves ; set aside . in a
medium bowl , beat egg . stir in sourdough starter , pumpkin , raisins ,
milk , oil and nuts , if desired . stir into spice mixture until dry
ingredients are just moistened . turn into prepared pan or pans . bake
in preheated oven 35 to 40 minutes for small loaves or 50 to 55
minutes for other loaves . bread is done when a wooden pick inserted
in center comes out clean . turn out of pan or pans . cool top side up
on a rack . prepare golden glaze . spread on cooled pumpkin loaf or
loaves . makes 1 large , 2 medium , or 3 small loaves . golden glaze :
combine powdered sugar , half and half and food coloring . only half of
recipe is needed to glaze 1 large loaf .

yield : 1 servings




walnut & red-onion bread rounds with toaste

appetizers , breads

1 pkg dry yeast
1 cup warm milk
1/3 cup warm water ; 105 to 115f
1 cup walnuts ; coarsely chopped
3 1/2 cup to 4 cups unbleach flour
3/4 cup red onion ; finely chopped
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup butter ; softened
1 tablespoon salt
cornmeal -- -- topping -- -- -
1/2 lb gruyere cheese ; coarse grate
1 salt and cayenne pepper
1/4 cup whipping cream

1 . combine yeast and water and proof 5 minutes . add 1 3/4 cups of
unbleached flour a , the whole wheat flour , salt , and milk . beat about
2 minutes . add walnuts , onion , and butter ; mix thoroughly . beat in
remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time to make a stiff dough . when becomes
too stiff to stir , turn out onto lightly floured surface . knead
gently until is smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes , incorporationg
more flour as necessary to keep dough from sticking . transfer to a
buttered bowl , turn to coat , cover with a towel , and let rise in a
warm place until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . 2 . 425 oven . punch
dough down and knead gently 3 to 4 minutes . shape into a long loaf
and put an a baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal . let rise ,
uncovered 15 minutes . 3 . place a pan of hot water on the oven floor
or on a lower rack . slash top of dough with scissors in three places
and bake 30 minutes . remove pan of water , reduce heat to 300 f , and
bake until bread is well browned and sound hollow when tapped of the
bottom , about 30 more minutes . cool on a rack . slice intorounds 1/4 ''
thick . 4 . to assemble for hors d'oeuvres : preheat oven to 375 .
combine cheese , cream and salt and cayenne to tast . divide mix among
bread rounds , arrange rounds on a baking sheet , and bake until
bubbly , about 10 to 12 minutes . serve immediately .

califonia culinary academy

yield : 20 servings




pistachio olive bread

breads

1 1/2 cup flour
1 tablespoon sugar , ( optional )
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup olive oil
2 eggs
1/3 cup pistachios , chopped
3 tablespoon greek olives , pitted ,
1 chopped

makes 1 medium loaf preheat oven to 350f . grease and flour an 81/2 ''
loaf pan . in a medium sized bowl stir and toss together the flour ,
sugar ( if used ) , baking powder and salt . set aside . in a sm , all bowl
whisk together the milk , oil and eggs until smooth . stir in the
pistachios and olives . add to the combined dry ingredients and stir
just until blended . spread evenly in the prepared pan . bake until a
thin wooden skewer inserted in the center of the loaf comes out
clean , about 50 minutes . cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn
out onto a wire rack to cool completely . source : williams-sonoma
kitchen library , muffines & quick breads

yield : 1 servings

