(Insert your name here)'s Stuffed Buns
    
    The French have their pain au chocolat, a soft, brioche-type bread (or, alternatively, croissant) wrapped around specially shaped, slim bars of chocolate. Us? We've got stuffed buns — soft, "squishy white bread" dough wrapped around... well, chocolate truffles, or chocolate cherry cordials, a Hershey's Kiss or part of a Chunky bar. Or none of the above. Use whatever chocolates you happen to have around. Out of 16 buns, only two leaked — one chocolate-cherry cordial, and one fudge truffle. The lesson being, be extra careful in shaping and sealing these buns around their chocolate centers. You want to keep all of that molten chocolate inside the baked bun, not spilling into the bottom of the pan.
    
       361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 32g sugar 25g Bakers' Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 32g potato flour or potato flakes 57g butter 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 255g lukewarm water  Filling  16 pieces of chocolate, or other candy 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients — by hand, electric mixer, or bread machine — and mix and knead until you've made a smooth, soft dough.   Place the dough in a bowl, and allow it to rise, covered, for 60 to 90 minutes. It's a very slow riser, so don't expect anything spectacular.   Lightly grease a 12" x 12" sticky bun pan, or a 9" x 13" pan.   Gently deflate the dough, and divide it into 16 pieces.  Let the pieces rest, covered, for about 10 minutes, while you survey and decide upon your fillings. Whatever you select should be about the size of one of those 25¢ gumballs you get out of a machine. The wrapped Lindt  truffles are the ideal size.   Working with one piece of dough at a time, flatten it slightly, just enough to be able to wrap it around whatever size chocolate (or other candy) you've selected.  Place the candy in the center, and bring the edges up around it, sealing them very tightly and thoroughly.  Place the ball of dough, seam-side down, on an unfloured, very lightly greased work surface.   Cup your fingers over it (like you're grabbing a softball) and, using the palm of your hand, roll it in a quick circular motion. This rounds the ball up nicely, and also helps finish the seal on the bottom.  Place the bun in the pan. Repeat with the remaining dough balls.  Cover the pan, and allow the buns to rise for about 1 1/2 to 2 hours at room temperature. By that time, they should be getting close to touching, but probably won't be touching yet.   Toward the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the buns for 18 to 20 minutes, until they're golden brown, but still show some white down towards their bottoms. You don't want to over-bake these, or they'll be dry and tough.   Remove them from the oven, and brush them with additional melted butter, if desired.  Transfer them to a rack to cool, allowing them at least 10 minutes, for the chocolate to set, before breaking one open.  Store the buns, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have any chocolates (or don't want to donate them to this particular cause), make buttery cinnamon knots. Roll each piece of dough into a 12" log, and tie it in a simple knot. Bake the knots as directed above. Brush the hot knots with butter, and sprinkle heavily with cinnamon-sugar (or not). 
    