Anise-Chocolate Flatbread
    
    This flatbread, topped with chocolate, features a je ne sais quoi spritz of anise and a crunchy sugar-topped crust. According to King Arthur Flour Master Baker Jeffrey Hamelman, this is a variation of a bread he saw made by Lot Roca Enrich at Harinera Roca in Agramunt, Spain. 
    
     Dough  617g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 454g water 2 teaspoons salt 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast  Garnish  anise liqueur 255g finely chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate olive oil for brushing 99g sugar for sprinkling, divided 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients, mixing and kneading until the dough is smooth and somewhat bouncy. Transfer to a large, covered container and set a timer for 1 hour.   After 1 hour, lightly flour your work surface and scoop the dough onto it. Using a baker’s bench knife or dough scraper, stretch the dough into a rough rectangle. Fold the dough in thirds, and put it back in its container, seam-side down. If you've mixed the dough by hand, turn the dough 90° and repeat the process before putting the dough back to rest.  Give the dough another hour's rise, and fold again. Repeat for a total of three folding episodes.  After the third fold, divide the dough in half, gently round each half into a ball, and leave them on the work surface, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes.  To shape: Stretch each piece of dough into a rectangle, roughly 7" x 20". Brush or spritz half of the dough lightly with anise liqueur, and sprinkle that side with half of the chocolate. Fold the uncovered dough up and over the chocolate and pinch the edges of the dough all around to seal.  Cover the dough with greased plastic wrap and let it rest for 30 to 45 minutes, until somewhat puffy looking. While the dough is resting, set a rack in the upper third of your oven with a baking stone on it, and preheat the oven to 475°F.  After the dough has risen, remove the plastic and brush the top with olive oil. Sprinkle the top generously with 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar.  Bake the bread on the stone for 20 to 25 minutes, until the sugar has melted and is beginning to caramelize. If the sugar hasn't melted, switch the oven to broil and watch it carefully until the sugar melts and begins to brown. Remove from the oven and drizzle generously with more anise liqueur.   Cut into 1" strips and serve while still warm.  Store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to two days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Which liqueur? Jeffrey Hamelman uses Pernod when making this recipe, but anisette or sambuca are both perfectly well suited. 
    