Artichoke and Cheese Flatbread
    
    You don't often see breads calling for blue cheese as a dough ingredient, and the slightly blue tint of the finished dough does give one pause. But the bread bakes up beautifully, and the vibrant colors of the roasted peppers, herbs, and artichokes, peeking out the top, will make this loaf a standout on any table. 
    
     Starter  113g cool water 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast  Bread  all of the starter 227g lukewarm water 1 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 21g medium rye flour 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g crumbled blue cheese 18g caraway seeds, optional; to taste  Filling  170g marinated artichokes, partially drained and chopped 113g roasted red peppers, drained and diced 14g olive oil coarse sea salt, chopped fresh rosemary, or seed blend of your choice 
    
     Directions   To make the starter: Combine all the starter ingredients, stir well, cover, and let rest on the counter at room temperature overnight.   For the dough: Combine the starter (fed or unfed- either works just fine) or poolish, water, yeast, salt, rye and all-purpose flours in the bowl of your mixer or the bucket of your bread machine set on the dough cycle.   Mix and combine until the dough comes together; add the blue cheese and caraway, and knead for 6 to 8 minutes, until smooth and elastic. If you're using a bread machine, add the cheese and caraway at the beep, adjust the dough with a tablespoon of flour or water as needed, and let the machine complete its cycle.   If you're not using a bread machine, cover the kneaded dough and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until it's puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk.   Preheat the oven to 450°F.   To assemble the flatbread: Deflate the dough and roll it into a 10" x 14" rectangle. Put the filling in the middle third of the dough, as shown, and fold the sides up and over, leaving 2" uncovered in the center to show off the lovely colors.  Spread the filling in the center third of the dough, and fold the sides up and over into the center, leaving a 2" gap uncovered to show off the lovely colors.  Brush the dough with olive oil, and sprinkle with coarse salt, if desired.  Bake the flatbread for 30 to 35 minutes, until it's deep golden brown. Remove it from the oven, and cool for 15 minutes before serving.  Yield: 1 large bread, 12 servings.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  For a bread with stronger sourdough tang, substitute 1 cup of your existing ripe (fed) sourdough starter for the overnight starter. 
    