Baked Cinnamon English Muffins
    
    These baked English muffins are sweet, subtly cinnamon-y, and don't need much enhancement to become a favorite breakfast or snack. Their nooks and crannies may be less pronounced than their griddled counterparts, but we promise that they'll more than soak up a generous slathering of butter.
    
       142g King Arthur Unbleached White Whole Wheat Flour 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 64g Hi-maize Fiber* 3/4 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon 2 teaspoons baking powder 35g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk 255g lukewarm water 28g melted butter 2 teaspoons vinegar, white or cider cornmeal or semolina *Substitute additional white whole wheat flour for the Hi-maize, if desired. 
    
     Directions   Beat all the ingredients (except the cornmeal or semolina) at high speed for 1 minute, until the dough is fairly smooth.   Let the dough rise in a greased, covered bowl for about 60 minutes, until puffy.  Place 12 greased 3 3/4" English muffin rings on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.  Sprinkle cornmeal or semolina into each ring. Don't have English muffin rings? See "tips," at left.   Divide the dough into 12 pieces, shape into balls, and place each into a ring, flattening it somewhat. Sprinkle the top of each with cornmeal or semolina.   Top the entire pan of muffins with a greased baking sheet; this will prevent them from doming as they rise. Let the muffins rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until they're puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 400°F.   Bake the muffins (still with the baking sheet on top) for 10 minutes. Flip the pans over, and bake 5 minutes more. Remove the top pan, and bake for another 3 to 5 minutes, until the muffins are a light golden brown, and the interior of one registers about 200°F on a digital thermometer.  Remove the muffins from the oven. Remove the muffin rings, and transfer the muffins to a rack to cool.  Yield: 12 muffins.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Tip: If you don't have Baker's Special Dry Milk, replace the dry milk and the water with 1 cup + 2 tablespoons (9 ounces) lukewarm milk.Don't have English muffin rings? Fashion the dough into balls, flatten, and place on the baking sheet without the rings. They may be a bit thinner than muffins baked in a ring, but will still taste just fine. 
    