Betsy's Panettone
    
    Panettone is the ubiquitous sweet bread of Italy as the holidays  roll around, and it seems each region has its own version. Nuts and a wide variety of dried fruit choices make it possible for every baker to customize this favorite. Betsy Oppenneer  was given this recipe by a 90-year-old lady in her church in Dallas; it had been passed down through her family. Betsy altered it only to be more specific in the measurements.
    
       57g warm water 2 1/4 teaspoons (1 packet) active dry yeast 340g warm milk 99g granulated sugar 1 teaspoon salt 57g unsalted butter, softened 602g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons crushed aniseed 128g golden raisins 71g pine nuts 60g pistachio nuts 85g candied lemon peel 43g candied citron 2 tablespoons grated orange zest (or 1 teaspoon orange oil) 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften. Add milk, sugar, salt, butter, and 1 cup flour. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes.  Combine crushed seeds, raisins, nuts, lemon peel, citron and orange zest or oil; mix well. Add this mixture to the yeast mixture.  Gradually add flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead. Turn dough out onto a floured surface. Knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.  Put dough into an oiled bowl. Turn once to coat entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.  Turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface. Shape into a ball. Punch a large hole in the center and slip the dough over the center post of a well-greased tube pan. Cover and let rise until almost doubled, about 1 hour.  Bake in a preheated 375°F oven for 45 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the loaf reaches 190°F. Immediately remove from pan and cool on a rack to prevent crust from becoming soggy.   Store, well-wrapped, on the counter for a week, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Looking for the right pan for this bread? Use an angel food cake pan, or try the monkey bread tube pan and then use it all year long for monkey bread, too.Good quality citron can be difficult to find; if you can't get any, just use more of the lemon peel, or add in some candied orange instead. 
    