Blueberry Bran Bread
    
    This bread is perfect for a lazy summer morning. The original recipe produced a bright purple bread, but the blueberry flavor wasn't nearly as vibrant as the color. And then we added Jammy Bits... We hadn't really played around with adding them to yeasted bread before, so you can imagine our reaction to our first bites of this beautiful loaf. SO GOOD! Jammy Bits are a blend of blueberry and apple juices with sugar and pectin, and truly give the most delightful fruit taste. The bran and wheat flour add flavor and fiber. This is an all-around delicious loaf that will add fiber and nutrition to your family's diet. 
    
       227g buttermilk 170g blueberries, fresh or frozen-thaw and drain if frozen, reserving the juices 57g milk or drained blueberry juice 43g unsalted butter 64g honey 2 teaspoons salt 43g wheat bran 113g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 365 to 422g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 156g blueberry Jammy Bits 
    
     Directions   Place all of the ingredients except the Jammy Bits into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for basic dough, and press Start. Adjust the texture of the dough as necessary using the remaining 1/4 cup bread flour or extra water. You want a smooth and not overly sticky dough.   Add the Jammy Bits when the machine prompts you to do so. Allow the machine to run through the full cycle.   Grease a 9" x 5" loaf pan and line it with parchment.   Remove the dough from the machine and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into a fat 9" log. Place it in the prepared pan.   Cover the pan and let the dough rise for 1 hour, or until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 190°F. Remove the bread from the oven, and after 10 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool. Cool completely before slicing.   Yield: 16 servings.   
    
    
    