Brandy Biscuits
    
    A simple cookie flavored with brandy and Fiori di Sicilia for a touch of orange and vanilla. The crisp, dry yet tender texture is perfect with a cup of tea as you plan your spring garden and pour over seed catalogs. Not too sweet, you'll find yourself thinking of your Noni's Easter cookies dipped in a bit of sherry for the grownups. This forgiving dough also lends itself to many different shapes so you can create your own traditions. 
    
     cookies  510g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 99g sugar 170g brandy (or apple juice) 57g water 149g vegetable oil 3/4 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia  Glaze  113g confectioners' sugar dash of salt 1/2 teaspoon vanilla  1 to 2 tablespoons milk, to form a glaze consistency 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 325°F. Lightly grease two half sheet pans, or line with parchment.   Place the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer. Mix on low speed for 30 seconds to blend.   In a liquid measure combine the brandy (or apple juice), water, vegetable oil, and Fiori Di Sicilia.  Pour the liquid ingredients into the dry and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes or until a soft dough forms. Allow the dough to rest for 5 minutes.  To shape: Break off the dough in walnut-sized pieces. Roll each piece into a 1/4" diameter rope. From here you may form rings, wreath shapes, or simple coils and knots.  To form crescent horns, take two ropes and gently twist one over the other about 4 to 5 times. Curve the twist until the two ends nearly meet and place on the prepared baking sheet with about 1" between biscuits. These do not spread much, so can be spaced fairly close together.   Bake the biscuits for 35 to 40 minutes or until lightly browned. The interior of the biscuit should be quite dry at this point. Break one open to check the interior; if the biscuits still seem doughy, return to the oven for an additional 6 to 10 minutes or until done inside. Remove from the oven and set on a rack to cool.  For the glaze: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl to a medium, pourable consistency with no lumps.   When the biscuits are cooled, dip the top of each cookie in the glaze to coat. Sprinkle with freshly grated orange zest or candied peel if desired.   
    
    
    