Breakfast Casserole
    
    This savory bread pudding feeds a crowd, and is easily put together the night before. It's a natural for a family gathering, or a festive brunch.
    
       454g loaf (8 1/2" x 4 1/2") firm-textured white bread (or 12 slices, about 3/4" thick), slightly stale 6 large eggs 794g milk (evaporated, whole, low-fat or skim, your choice) (See "tips", below.) 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 113g onion, minced 454g frozen or fresh asparagus or broccoli cuts (See "tips", below.) 454g bulk breakfast sausage or bacon, cooked and drained; or diced ham 227g shredded sharp cheddar cheese 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease a 2-quart casserole dish, or a 9" x 13" pan that's at least 2" deep.  Cut the bread into 3/4" cubes. Put half of it into the bottom of your pan.  Mix together the eggs, milk, salt, mustard, and pepper, stirring to combine.  If the vegetables are frozen, use them as is. If they're fresh, cook them briefly, until they're just barely tender; remember, they'll continue to cook in the oven.  Top the bread in the pan with the vegetables, meat, and 1 cup of the cheese. Layer on the remaining bread, and sprinkle with the remaining cheese.  Pour the egg and milk mixture over the bread in the pan, pressing the bread gently into the liquid. Add a bit more milk if there isn't enough to come to within 1/2" of the top of the bread cubes.  Cover the pan, and refrigerate overnight, or for at least 6 hours.  Preheat your oven to 350°F.   Sprinkle additional cheese on top of the casserole, if desired. Bake it uncovered for about 1 hour 15 minutes, or until it's puffed and golden. A knife blade inserted into the center will come out clean.  Remove the casserole from the oven, and allow it to rest for 15 to 30 minutes before serving.   Store, covered, for up to 3 days in the fridge.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For a softer casserole, increase milk to 4 cups.Substitute sautéed mushrooms, caramelized onions, or additional meat or cheese for the asparagus or broccoli, if desired. 
    