Bread Machine Sourdough Bread
    
    Sourdough bread baked in a bread machine? Not only is it possible — it's delicious! 
    
     1 1/2-pound loaf  2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar 298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or Unbleached Bread Flour 454 ripe (fed) sourdough starter 25g vegetable oil 57g to 113g lukewarm water, enough to make a soft dough     1-pound  loaf  1 teaspoon active dry yeast or instant yeast 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon sugar 198g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or Unbleached Bread Flour 301g ripe (fed) sourdough starter 13g vegetable oil 43g to 57g lukewarm lukewarm water, enough to make a soft dough 
    
     Directions   Place the ingredients into the pan of your machine, in the order suggested by the manufacturer; program for French Bread, or a similar long-rising cycle; and press start.   Check the dough after about 10 minutes of kneading; add additional water or flour as necessary to make a smooth, soft dough.  Remove the bread from the machine when it's done, and cool it on a rack.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  Because everyone's sourdough starter will vary in consistency — some are on the stiff side, some on the soft — we give a range for the amount of water to add. Start with the smaller amount of water then add more, if necessary, to make a smooth, soft dough.For crustier bread, substitute water for the vegetable oil.This recipe was developed using the French bread cycle on an early-model Zojirushi. This particular cycle called for a total of 30 minutes of kneading, a first rise of 40 minutes, and a second rise of 1 hour, 50 minutes. It's this long second rise that allows the sourdough to attain sufficient volume. The bread bakes for 60 minutes, slightly longer than the usual 55 minutes. Your machine may have a whole-grain or some other cycle that approximates these kneading and rising times. Or, if you have a machine that's programmable (Zojirushi Virtuoso or Supreme), you can easily program these cycle times in yourself via the homemade menu.   Need some sourdough starter to get started? See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head-start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter. 
    