Buttery Seeded Naan
    
    This teardrop-shaped, leavened flatbread is a staple in South Asia, where it takes many slightly different forms. This version comes from Northwest India.
    
     Bread  482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 2 teaspoons sugar 1/2 to 1 1/2 teaspoons salt* 1 teaspoon baking powder 152 to 170g milk** 113g plain whole-milk yogurt 28g ghee (clarified butter) or melted butter 1 large egg *Since naan is often eaten with salty foods, it doesn't include much salt itself. If you plan on eating this bread alone, you'll want to either increase the amount of salt, as indicated; or sprinkle with sea salt once it's baked. **Use the greater amount in winter or in a dry climate; the lesser amount in summer or a humid climate.  Topping, optional  1 egg white beaten with 1 teaspoon water, optional seeds of your choice  melted butter or ghee  
    
     Directions   Place all of the ingredients into a bowl, and mix and knead to make a smooth, fairly stiff dough. This will take about 7 minutes in a stand mixer.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or large (8-cup) measuring cup, and allow it to rise for 1 to 2 hours, till it's doubled in bulk. Dough made with less salt will rise more quickly. Toward the end of the rising time, preheat your oven to 475°F — with a pizza stone on the bottom rack, if you intend to use one.  Divide the dough into four pieces, and shape each piece into a rough oval. Cover and let rest for 15 minutes, while your oven continues to heat.  Shape each piece into a 10" long, teardrop-shaped loaf. Place 2 loaves on each of 2 lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets.  If you're using a stone, place two breads at a time onto the stone. Bake for 2 minutes on each side, till golden brown. Remove from the oven, and cool on a rack.  If you're baking on a baking sheet, brush the breads with beaten egg white, if desired, and top with seeds. Place on a lower rack of the oven, and bake for 7 to 8 minutes, or until the breads are puffed and golden brown.  Remove the breads from the oven, and brush with ghee or melted butter, if desired. Serve warm, or at room temperature.  Yield: 4 large breads.  
    
    
    