Buttery Herb-Garlic Pull-Apart Bread
    
    Bread baked in a bread machine doesn't have to be a plain and simple loaf. By using your Zojirushi's homemade menu, you can let the machine knead the dough, then take it out, shape it, put it back, and kick back while the Zo bakes up this beautiful loaf of herb-garlic pull-apart bread.  
    
     Dough  418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 21g potato flour or 1/4 cup instant potato flakes 21g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 25g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 4g to 7g of your favorite dried herbs 57g soft butter 152g lukewarm water 113g lukewarm milk  Filling  43g melted butter 57g to 74g shredded mozzarella or your favorite pizza cheese(s) 7g to 14g grated Parmesan cheese, optional 
    
     Directions   If you have a Zojirushi Virtuoso, program it as follows: no Rest; Knead 20 minutes; Shape on (it will read 1:00); Rise 1 off; Rise 2 off; Rise 3 60 minutes; Bake 52 minutes. Include the Keep-Warm option or not; your choice.  If you have a different model Zojirushi, you can program it much the same way, though you won't have the Shape option. Program as follows: no Rest; Knead 20 minutes; Rise 1 off; Rise 2 20 minutes; Rise 3 60 minutes; Bake 52 minutes. Include the Keep-Warm option or not; your choice.  Combine all of the dough ingredients in the bucket of your bread machine, and press start. Check the dough after about 13 minutes of kneading; add additional flour or water as needed to make a soft, smooth dough.    For the Virtuoso: after 20 minutes of kneading, the Shape cycle will begin. Remove the dough from the machine, and set it on a lightly greased work surface. Remove the paddles from the machine.    For other models Zojirushi: After 20 minutes of kneading, remove the dough from the machine, and set it on a lightly greased work surface. Remove the paddles from the machine.    Divide the dough into 32 pieces. You don't have to be super-accurate here (though, if you use a scale, you can be). Shape the pieces into smooth balls — or not; ragged pieces will make just as tasty (though not as pretty) a loaf.  Dip the top of each ball into melted butter; you probably won't use all the butter. Lay 11 balls into the bottom of the Zo pan, buttered side up. Sprinkle with half the mozzarella or pizza cheese.  Use 11 balls of dough to make a second layer; top with the remaining cheese, and the Parmesan, if you're using it.  Top with the final 10 balls of dough; again, make sure their buttered sides are up.  Place the pan back in the machine. For the Virtuoso: press Start. This will move the machine to the next cycle. For other models: no need to press Start, the machine will continue on its programmed cycle automatically.  When the bread is done, remove it from the machine, and turn it out of the pan onto a rack. Brush with any remaining melted butter. Serve warm; marinara sauce is a nice accompaniment. Store any leftovers at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 1 large loaf, 8 to 10 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Want to make this without a bread machine? Prepare the dough, and divide it into pieces. Layer the pieces, as directed at right, into a lightly greased 9" loaf pan. Allow the bread to rise until it's crowned about 1/2" over the rim of the pan; bake it in a preheated 350°F oven for 40 to 45 minutes, until it's golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°F. Remove the bread from the oven, and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool. 
    