Buttery Hot Dog Buns
    
    Here at King Arthur Flour, we believe that when you're talking hotdogs, the bun is equally (if not more) important as the dog. With this bun, we bring you an ultra-rich, soft bed for your frank, yet something that will hold up to the heaviest of toppings: even mounds of chili and cheese.
    
       2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 227g lukewarm water 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 35g sugar 85g soft unsalted butter 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 46g potato flour, or instant mashed potato flakes 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients, mixing then kneading to make a smooth dough. Let the dough rise, covered, until nearly doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.   Lightly grease a New England-style hot dog bun pan.  Gently deflate the dough, and stretch it until it's about 15" long and 6" wide. Place the dough into the pan, stretching it to the edges.   Let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes, until it comes to within 1/2" of the top of the pan. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Grease a baking sheet, and place it on top of the risen buns.   Put the covered buns into the oven, weighing the baking sheet down with something heavy and oven-safe; a cast-iron skillet works well.  Bake the buns for 18 minutes, remove the weighted baking sheet, and bake for 2 to 5 minutes longer, if necessary, to brown the buns.  Remove the pan from the oven, and cool the buns in the pan for 5 minutes. Turn them out onto a rack, rounded side up, to cool completely.  Slice each bun down the middle vertically, without cutting through the bottom; then cut between the buns to separate them.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make regular (not New England-style) hot dog buns without a pan, divide the dough into 10 equal pieces and form each piece into a cylinder 6" in length. Transfer buns to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Flatten the buns slightly (dough rises more in the center, so this will give them gently rounded tops), then allow to rise for 90 minutes. Bake in a preheated 350°F oven for 15 to 20 minutes. For extra-moist buns with great keeping power, add 2 tablespoons Cake Enhancer to the recipe. 
    