Canapé Pumpernickel Bread
    
    For pretty hors d'oeuvres, slice this shaped bread very thin, and top with your favorite spread. 
    
       159g pumpernickel flour 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g King Arthur 100% White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium Whole Wheat Flour 64g rye chops or cracked wheat 14g vital wheat gluten, optional — for stronger rise 1 1/2 teaspoons Deli Rye Flavor, optional — for flavor 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 3/4 teaspoons salt 28g caramel color or 14g black cocoa, optional; for color 340g lukewarm water 35g vegetable oil 1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds, optional 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients, and mix and knead — by hand, electric mixer, or bread machine — to make a stiff, sticky dough.   Cover the dough, and let it rise until it's almost doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.   Divide the dough into three pieces, and shape them into logs.   Place in greased canapé tubes, attach caps to ends, and allow the loaves to rise until they've filled the tubes 3/4 full, about 30 minutes. If you're not using canapé tubes, shape the dough into three long, thin loaves, and place on a lightly greased baking sheet.   While the loaves are rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, until the crust is brown and the internal temperature registers at least 190°F. If you're baking loaves without the tubes, bake for 20 to 25 minutes.   Remove the bread from the oven, remove the end caps, and cool in the tubes for 10 minutes. Remove from the tubes, and cool completely on a rack.   Store, well-wrapped, for 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To keep the canapé tubes from rolling around the oven, put them in a 9" x 13" pan; the three will fit perfectly together.For hors d'oeuvres, spread with savory toppings, or with small bits of cheese, meat, and vegetables. Here are some suggestions: smoked salmon, cream cheese, dill and/or sliced/chopped red onion, and/or capers; Brie, a sliced grape, and a dab of apricot jam or marmalade; Swiss cheese, a bit of sauerkraut, shredded pastrami or corned beef, and a dollop of Russian or Thousand Island dressing; cheese and sausage (or ham) and mustard.    
    