Caramel Apple Bread Pudding
    
    Warm, sticky, and custard-y, this recipe transforms our favorite fair treat into a spoon-able dessert. It's heavy on the apples, studded with caramel and nuts, and comes out soft and pudding-like on the bottom, and crispy/toasty on the top. Finished off with a heavy drizzle of caramel, this dessert is one not to skip this fall.
    
     Pudding  3 large eggs 1 large egg yolk 1/4 teaspoon salt 283g milk 170g heavy cream 50g sugar 85g boiled cider or apple juice concentrate 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 213g diced unpeeled apples (about 1/2" pieces) 1 tablespoon apple pie spice 57g chopped walnuts, lightly toasted 6 ounces caramel from a block, cut into 1/2" pieces (or about 18 individual candies) 340g cubed leftover bread; pain de mie or soft white sandwich bread are good options  Topping  57g caramel  21g boiled cider 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 325°F. Butter a 1 1/2- to 2-quart baking dish.  To make the pudding: Whisk the eggs and egg yolks in a large bowl. Add the salt, milk, cream, sugar, boiled cider, and vanilla, continuing to whisk.  Toss the apples with the apple pie spice then with the walnuts, caramel pieces, and the bread cubes. Spread the mixture into the prepared pan.   Pour the egg mixture into the pan, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.  Bake the pudding for 45 to 55 minutes, until it is puffed, lightly browned, and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.  Allow the pudding to cool for 15 minutes.   In the meantime, prepare the topping: Combine the caramel and boiled cider in a small saucepan set over medium heat or in a microwave-safe bowl or measuring cup.   Heat the topping, stirring occasionally until the caramel melts and the mixture is smooth.  Drizzle the caramel over the warm pudding and serve.  Wrap any uneaten bread pudding tightly with plastic and refrigerate. Reheat individual servings in the microwave, or the whole pan, covered, in a 300°F oven.  
    
    
    