Caramel-Nut Cinnamon Buns
    
    Drizzle these delicious buns with caramel sauce just before serving. 
    
     Dough  283g lukewarm water 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 11g grape seed flour, optional, for extra antioxidants 21g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 25g sugar 43g butter 2 teaspoons baking powder 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 2 teaspoons Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor or vanilla extract  Filling  156g Baker's Cinnamon Filling* mixed with 2 ounces water* 113g chopped walnuts, optional 99g caramel bits, optional *Or substitute 6 tablespoons butter, 1 cup brown sugar, and 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon for the Baker's Cinnamon Filling mix and water (don't add water if you make this substitution).  Glaze  99g caramel bits, block caramel, or unwrapped vanilla caramel candies 43g heavy cream or half & half 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients, and mix and knead them together — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until you've made a soft, smooth dough.    Cover the dough, and let it rise for 1 hour, or until puffy.   While the dough is rising, lightly grease 12 muffin cups, or a baking sheet.   Gently deflate the dough, and roll it into an 18" x 18" square.   Spread with the prepared cinnamon filling, then sprinkle with the chopped nuts and caramel bits, leaving an uncovered strip about 1" wide along one side.    Roll into a log starting with a filling-covered end opposite the unfilled end. If you want the buns to pop like a corkscrew, as shown in the picture, roll the dough tightly, stretching the dough as you roll it up.   Slice the log into 12 pieces; if your knife sticks, dip it in hot water between cuts. Or use dental floss to cut the dough.   Place the buns in the prepared muffin pan, or space them on a baking sheet.   Cover, and let the buns rise until puffy, about 60 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the buns for 20 to 24 minutes, until they're a light golden brown.   Remove them from the oven, and place on a rack to cool slightly, while you make the glaze.   Melt the glaze ingredients together over low heat or in a microwave, stirring until smooth.   Spoon over the buns.   Serve warm, or at room temperature.  Yield: 12 buns.   
    
    
    