Cheese & Onion Swirls
    
    These soft, tender rolls are filled with a swirl of cheese, minced onions, and herbs. They're perfect with soup, or as a snack. And preparation is easy, when you use dried onions - no tears!
    
     Filling  57g dried minced onions 74g hot water 1 tablespoon Pizza Seasoning 64g Vermont cheese powder 14g soft butter  Dough  1 large egg 170g warm water 2 teaspoons instant yeast 43g soft butter 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk    2 to 3 tablespoons shredded mozzarella or Parmesan cheese 
    
     Directions   To make the filling: Soak the minced onions in 1/3 cup hot water while making the dough. Stir in the Pizza Seasoning, cheese powder, and butter just before you're ready to shape the dough.  To make the dough: Whisk together the egg and warm water.   Add the yeast, butter, salt, flour, and dry milk. Stir to combine, then knead the dough until it's smooth and elastic, 5 to 10 minutes.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or dough doubler, turning to coat all sides; cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap or a lid, and let the dough rise until it's doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface or silicone rolling mat.  Pat, then roll the dough into an 18" x 10" rectangle.  Spread with the onion mixture, leaving 1" free of filling along the long edge farthest from you.  Starting with the long edge closest to you, roll the dough into a log, pinching the seam closed.   Cut the log into 12 slices.   Place the rolls on a greased pizza pan or baking sheet, leaving about 1" between them. Cover and allow to rise for about 1 hour, or until puffy. Sprinkle with additional cheese, if desired. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the rolls for 22 to 26 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and cool on a rack.   Yield: 12 rolls.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make pesto swirls, substitute 1/2 cup (4 ounces) prepared pesto and 1/4 cup (1 3/4 ounces) grated Parmesan for the onion filling.For crustier rolls, bake on a baking stone. Preheat the oven with the stone set on the middle rack. Once the rolls have been cut, put them on a piece of parchment paper, then use a baker's peel to transfer them (and the parchment) to the stone. Bake as directed. 
    