Cheese Blintzes
    
    This dish may be made well ahead of time, either in total or in part. The crepes may be cooked, cooled completely, then stacked, wrapped well, and either refrigerated or frozen. Stuff them one day ahead, then hold in the refrigerator overnight; or stuff and freeze for up to a month.  We offer two types of filling: a creamy ricotta filling, slightly runny when baked, that most of our tasters compared in taste to cheesecake; and a firmer, less sweet, more traditional filling.
    
     Crêpes  227g water 170g milk 3 large eggs 71g butter, melted 1/2 teaspoon salt 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Ricotta Filling  85g cream cheese 1 large egg, lightly beaten 2 teaspoons lemon zest OR 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1/4 teaspoon salt 35g sugar 425g ricotta cheese  Traditional Filling  454g cottage cheese or farmer's cheese 425g ricotta cheese 1 large egg 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 teaspoon lemon zest OR 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil 25g sugar *See "tips," below.  Fruit Compote  99g sugar 7g ClearJel powder or 11g cornstarch 1 cup fresh or frozen raspberries or blueberries 57g water or fruit juice 1 teaspoon lemon zest OR 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil 1 teaspoon lemon juice a pinch of salt 142g to 170g cut-up fresh fruit and/or berries 
    
     Directions   To make the crêpes: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, whisk all of the crêpe ingredients together to make a smooth batter.  Place the batter in the refrigerator for 1 hour or longer, in order to relax the gluten.  Heat an 8" (or slightly larger) crêpe or omelet pan until a drop of water skips across the pan. Lightly grease the pan, and pour a scant 1/4 cupful of batter into the middle.  Tilt the pan and swirl the batter to completely coat the bottom with batter. Cook until the crêpe is opaque and set.  Transfer the crêpes, "uncooked" side down, to a sheet pan or rack to cool. When you stack them, stack them "uncooked" side down, so that this side will be on the outside when you roll them.   To make the ricotta filling: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese until soft.  Add the beaten egg a bit at a time, beating until smooth after each addition, and scraping the sides of the bowl often  Add the lemon zest or oil, vanilla extract, salt, and sugar, and mix until well-combined. Fold in the ricotta cheese.  To make the traditional filling: Place the cottage cheese and ricotta cheese in a colander lined with cheesecloth, or in a yogurt cheese maker. Let drain for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, pressing down occasionally. With some brands of cheese you'll only remove 1 or 2 tablespoons of liquid, while others may give up 1/4 cup or more.  For a smoother, creamier filling, blend all of the ingredients in a food processor. For a more traditional, grainier filling, simply mash the cottage cheese with a fork, and stir in the remaining ingredients.   To assemble the blintzes: Use approximately 3 rounded tablespoons filling for each 8" crêpe. Place the filling about 2" from the top of the crêpe, fold the sides in, fold the top down, then loosely roll the crêpe into a log.    Heat a medium-sized frying pan, and melt in it about 2 tablespoons of butter till it's sizzling. Saute the blintzes until they're lightly browned and heated through.   Alternatively, nestle the blintzes in a buttered 13" x 9" pan, and bake them in a preheated 350°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until they're thoroughly heated. Serve hot with fruit compote, if desired.  To make the fruit compote: In a medium-sized saucepan, whisk together the sugar and Instant ClearJel. If you're using cornstarch, dissolve it in the 1/4 cup cold water first.  Add the frozen berries, water or juice, lemon zest or oil, lemon juice, and salt. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly; this will only take a few minutes.  Remove the compote from the heat and cool it to lukewarm. Stir in the fresh fruit or berries just before serving.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you use farmer's cheese, you can skip the draining step.  
    