Cheese Pennies
    
    The following recipe is for one of our favorite '50s snacks: cheese pennies, crispy concoction of cheese and butter held together with a bit of flour and baked into golden brown "pennies." These are good served with drinks — non-alcoholic, or otherwise.
    
       227g grated sharp cheddar cheese 113g unsalted butter 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional) paprika (optional) 
    
     Directions   In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients except the paprika to make a cohesive dough, sprinkling in a tablespoon or so of water if the dough doesn't seem to want to come together.  As soon as the dough starts to come together, turn off the mixer and gather it into a rough ball.  Transfer it to a lightly floured work surface, and roll it into a 16" log about 1 1/2" in diameter.  Wrap the log in waxed paper or plastic wrap, and chill it in the freezer for 30 minutes.  Using a serrated knife, slice the log crosswise into 1/8" rounds. Place them on an ungreased or parchment-lined baking sheet, leaving only about 1/2" between them; they won't spread much as they bake. Sprinkle them with a bit of paprika, if desired.  Bake the cheese pennies in a preheated 400°F oven for 11 to 13 minutes, or until they're just beginning to brown. Remove them from the oven, and allow them to cool on the pan for several minutes before transferring them to racks to cool completely.  Store, well-wrapped, for up a week.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  These can be made with other cheeses besides Cheddar. Try crumbled blue, grated Parmesan, or even some PepperJack for a bit of a kick.1/8 teaspoon of cayenne pepper is discernible, while 1/4 teaspoon packs a moderate punch. Use more if you want a truly eye-watering experience.If you want to freeze the dough for a longer amount of time, just make sure to remove it from the freezer about 30 minutes before you want to slice it. 
    