Christmas in Vermont Bread
    
    This soft, tender sweet bread features a hint of maple in the filling and glaze.
    
     Dough  170g lukewarm milk 85g butter 447g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor; or 1/4 teaspoon Pralines & Cream or Butter-Rum flavor; or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 57g brown sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 large eggs plus 1 yolk (reserve the white)   Filling and topping  113g maple sugar or 106g brown sugar 53g brown sugar 92g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 96g pecan meal or almond flour, or very finely ground pecans or almonds 57g melted butter  Glaze  39g maple sugar or 53g brown sugar 28g butter 28g milk 57g glazing sugar or confectioners' sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Melt the butter in the milk, and let cool to lukewarm. Combine all of the dough ingredients, and mix and knead them — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until you have a very soft, shiny, slightly sticky dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until puffy.  To make the filling: Stir together all of the filling ingredients until they form coarse crumbs. Set them aside.  Grease a large tube pan or a wreath pan. Scoop about half of the dough into the greased pan. Sprinkle about two-thirds of the filling atop the dough. Top with the remaining dough.   Beat the reserved egg white until foamy. Brush over the dough, and sprinkle with the remaining filling/topping. Cover lightly with greased plastic wrap, and let rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until puffy.   While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes, until it's golden brown. Let the bread cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn it out onto a rack to cool while you make the glaze.  Mix the glaze ingredients together and heat them, in a saucepan or in the microwave, until the sugar dissolves.  Place the loaf on a serving plate and brush with the warm glaze. Cool completely before slicing with a serrated knife.  Store, well-wrapped, for 3 days on the counter, or 3 months in the freezer.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Looking for the right pan for this bread? Try the monkey bread tube pan and then use it all year long for monkey bread, too. 
    