Cinnamon Bun Loaf
    
    This bread has the look of a classic Russenzopf, but the taste and decadence of a cinnamon roll crossed with a sticky bun. We've baked the loaf in our new Emile cloche because the contained heat helps to bake the loaf more evenly.  If you don't have a cloche, a sheet pan and parchment along with close monitoring will work fine.
    
     Dough  227g lukewarm water 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g unsalted butter, at room temperature 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor, optional; for enhanced flavor 2 1/4 teaspoons (1 packet) Red Star Platinum Yeast 35g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 43g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes  Filling  82g Baker's Cinnamon Filling* 28g water *See substitute in "tips," below.  Topping  14g Sticky Bun Sugar* or granulated sugar 57g diced pecans, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead all the ingredients together — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you've made a smooth dough.   Allow the dough to rise, covered, at room temperature, until it's nearly doubled in bulk — about 60 to 90 minutes. Rising may take longer if you haven't used SAF Gold yeast, or if you've kneaded by hand; give the dough enough time to become quite puffy.  Transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface, and pat or roll it into a 24" x 10" rectangle.   Mix the Baker's Cinnamon Filling and water together until they're well combined. Spread the mixture evenly over the surface of the dough.  Roll the dough into a log the long way, then pinch the seam closed as best you can.  Using a bench knife (or large chef's knife), cut the log in half lengthwise.   Twist the two halves together, trying to keep the cut sides facing up as much as possible. It helps to start by crossing the two strands in the middle, and then twisting them to the ends, so that you have smaller strands with which to work.   Form the twisted log into a tight coil and place it on the base of a bread baking cloche. Sprinkle the Sticky Bun Sugar and pecans on top.  Cover the loaf with the cloche lid, and let rise until it's noticeably puffy, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Again, this may take longer if you haven't used SAF Gold yeast; the loaf should spread to almost fill the base of the cloche.  While the loaf is rising, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Bake the loaf for 35 to 40 minutes, until it's nicely golden with dark brown cinnamon streaks; the loaf's internal temperature should read between 190°F and 200°F on a digital thermometer. Remove the cover of the cloche 5 to 10 minutes from the end of the bake, to allow a slight crust to form.  Remove the loaf from the oven, and transfer it to a rack to cool.  Yield: one 10" loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have Baker's Cinnamon Filling, substitute 1/2 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon cinnamon; omit the water. This substitute will be slightly runny, and may spill out onto your baking vessel, so be prepared. Sticky Bun Sugar yields a nicely gooey, sticky crust to this loaf that regular granulated sugar just can't achieve. If you use granulated sugar, the nuts, if you're using them, won't adhere as well.We like to bake this loaf in a covered cloche, as the contained heat helps it to bake more evenly.  If you don't have a cloche, bake the loaf on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet for 35 to 45 minutes. You may need to tent the loaf with aluminum foil partway through the bake to prevent the edges and surface from browning too quickly. 
    