Cinnamon-Pecan Swirl Brioche
    
    Classic French brioche, a yeast dough made with eggs and butter, is coiled with pecans and cinnamon sugar. It's excellent toasted on the second day.
    
     Dough  298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 21g non-diastatic malt powder or sugar 25g Bakers' Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 1 teaspoon salt 2 1/2 teaspoons SAF Gold instant yeast (preferred) 2 large eggs 74g water 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 85g unsalted butter, softened  Filling and Topping  74g Baker's Cinnamon Filling + 28g water 57g diced pecans 11g Sticky Bun Sugar, optional, for topping 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Whisk together the dry ingredients, then add the eggs, water, and flavoring, mixing and kneading well.   Cut the butter in small pieces and beat it in piece by piece. Continue beating until the dough is smooth and shiny, about 5 to 8 minutes.  Cover the dough and let rise until puffy, about 1 1/2 hours. If you're using a bread machine, simply place all of the dough ingredients in the bucket and program the machine for the dough cycle.  To shape the loaf: On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 20" x 10" rectangle.   Top with the prepared filling, then sprinkle with the nuts.   Beginning with a long edge, roll the dough into a 20" log.  Spiral the log into a lightly greased brioche pan or other deep, round pan, tucking the end into the middle. (See "tips", below.)  Cover and let the loaf rise in a warm place until very puffy, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Just before baking, sprinkle it heavily with Sticky Bun Sugar, if desired. This will give the loaf a shiny, sweet crust.  Bake the brioche for 45 to 55 minutes, checking it after 20 minutes and tenting with foil if it's browning too quickly.   When done, the brioche will be deeply browned and its internal temperature will register at least 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.   Cool the brioche in the pan for 15 minutes, then gently turn it out onto a rack to cool completely.   Store any leftover brioche, wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This bread makes a great gift when baked in panettone papers. Spray the paper to ensure the bread comes out, but you can simply gift it in the paper.Substitute 1/2 cup (3 3/4 ounces, 106g) light brown sugar mixed with 2 tablespoons each cinnamon, Instant ClearJel (3/4 ounce, 21g) or flour (1/2 ounce, 14g), and soft butter (1 ounce, 28g) for 1/2 cup Baker's Cinnamon Filling + 2 tablespoons water. 
    