Cinnamon Raisin Bread
    
    Unlike most cinnamon raisin loaves, this one includes ground cinnamon right in the dough, rather than simply added as swirled filling. The result? A deep-gold, aromatic loaf studded with raisins, perfect for toasting.
    
     Dough  170g lukewarm milk 28g soft butter 85g raisins (or chopped dates, dried cranberries, or your favorite dried fruit) 50g old-fashioned rolled oats 50g brown sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast, we recommend SAF Gold instant yeast for the fastest rise 57g to 74g lukewarm water* 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour *Use the smaller amount in summer, or under humid conditions; the larger amount in winter, or when it's dry out.  Topping  cinnamon-sugar 
    
     Directions   Note: Thanks to reader feedback, this recipe has been amended as of May 1, 2015, as follows: the amount of cinnamon has been cut back, to reduce rising times; the salt has been increased, for flavor; and the recipe has been cut in half, to make one loaf.  Combine all of the ingredients, and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth, soft dough.   Round the dough into a ball, and place it in a greased bowl (or let it remain in the bread machine), and let it rise for about 2 hours, or until it's noticeably puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk.  Gently deflate the risen dough, shape it into a log, and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan. Tent the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let the dough rise until it's crowned 1" to 1 1/2" over the rim of the pan, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Uncover the risen loaf, brush it with milk or water, and sprinkle it with cinnamon-sugar, if desired, for extra flavor.  Bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes, until it's a deep golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°F. If the bread appears to be browning too quickly, tent it with aluminum foil about 10 to 15 minutes before it's done baking.  Remove the bread from the oven, and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool. Once it's completely cool, wrap well, and store at room temperature for up to 5 days. Freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 1 loaf.  
    
    
    