Cranberry-Vanilla Cinnamon Swirl Bread
    
    A not-too-sweet alternative to coffee cake, this bread is a decorative and tender addition to the holiday breakfast table, an elegant hostess gift, or a delectable coffee-break snack.
    
     Dough  283g water 2 teaspoons instant yeast 28g butter, softened 25g sugar 1 large egg 14g vanilla extract 1 ¼ teaspoons salt 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 43g potato flour 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Filling  96g Baker's Cinnamon Filling* 28g water 170g chopped dried cranberries, optional *Baker's Cinnamon Filling is key to making a really tasty bread. If desired, substitute 1/2 cup (3 1/2 ounces) granulated sugar mixed with 1 to 2 tablespoons cinnamon (to taste) and 1 tablespoon soft butter.  Glaze  57gs) confectioners' sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla paste or vanilla extract 28g milk  Garnish (optional)  2 tablespoons pearl sugar  
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients by hand, mixer, or bread machine, mixing and kneading to form a soft, slightly sticky dough. The dough will feel very sticky at first, but reach for non-stick spray instead of more flour for your hands and work surface.  Place the dough in a covered bowl and allow to rise until almost double (45 minutes to 1 hour). To facilitate shaping the dough, refrigerate it overnight. This is also good to consider if the bread is to be served for brunch.  After the dough's first rise, grease your hands and a 10" (inside diameter) ring mold.  The dough will be soft and still a bit sticky; pat it out on a greased surface to a 12" x 18" rectangle.  To make the filling, combine the Baker's Cinnamon Filling and water; or use the substitute listed at left, NOT combining it with water. This substitute filling will be crumbly, rather than paste-like; that's OK.   Spread the filling over the dough, then sprinkle with the dried cranberries.  Starting with a shorter side, roll the dough into a log and pinch the seam together.   Cut the log into 10 to 12 equal pieces, and arrange them in the ring pan so they overlap one another by 1/2" or so.   Cover the pan with a large over-turned bowl, and let the bread rise for 15 to 30 minutes, until puffy. While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Place the bread in the oven and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until firm and golden brown.  The center should measure 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, and allow to cool in the pan.  Just before serving, make the glaze by combining all the ingredients, adding enough milk to make it pourable. Turn the bread out of the pan, and drizzle the glaze over it. Garnish with pearl sugar, if desired.  Yield: 1 loaf, about 16 servings.  
    
    
    