Cranberry Orange Braided Bread
    
    This holiday sweet bread is great for gifting, or for sharing at a festive breakfast or brunch. Its subtle orange flavor; soft, tender crumb, and surprise sweet fruit and nut filling are sure to please gift recipients and guests alike.
    
     Starter  120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g cool water 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast  Dough  269g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons SAF Gold instant yeast* 67g granulated sugar 57g soft unsalted butter 2 large eggs 1 large egg yolk, white reserved 1/4 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia flavor* grated peel of 1 large orange *See "tips," below.  Filling  85g dried cranberries 85g walnuts 50g Sticky Bun Sugar* *See "tips," below.  Topping  pearl sugar or sparkling sugar, for decorating 
    
     Directions   To make the starter: Combine the starter ingredients, cover, and leave at room temperature overnight.  To make the dough: Mix the starter with the dough ingredients, kneading until elastic and satiny. Let the dough rise in a greased, covered bowl for 1 to 2 hours, until puffy.  Divide the dough into three pieces. Flatten each piece into a 6" x 12" rectangle.   Mix the filling ingredients together, and spread each rectangle with some of the filling.   Starting with a long edge, roll each rectangle into a log. Braid the logs together.   Cover the braid, and allow it to rise for 1 to 2 hours, until puffy.   Preheat the oven to 350°F.   Combine the egg white with 1 tablespoon water, and brush onto the braid. Sprinkle with pearl or sparkling sugar.  Bake the braid for 30 to 35 minutes, until golden brown; a digital thermometer inserted into the center should register 190°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, and transfer it to a rack to cool.  Yield: one 12" to 14" loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have Fiori di Sicilia, replace it with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract + 1/4 teaspoon orange oil (or 1 tablespoon grated orange rind).If you don't have Sticky Bun Sugar, replace it with brown sugar; the filling may seep out of the loaf a bit as it bakes.SAF Gold instant yeast is specially formulated for sweet dough; but use SAF Red if that's what you have, understanding that your dough will take longer to rise, both the first and second times. 
    