Cranberry Orange Pull-Apart Bread
    
    One of our most trusted flavor combinations, cranberry and orange, is featured in this bundt-shaped, gooey pull-apart bread. With dried cranberries and orange bits, it's a distinctly zesty, crowd-pleasing loaf, perfect for sharing.
    
     Dough  227g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 21g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes 18g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 170g lukewarm water 28g soft unsalted butter 25g sugar 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon orange oil, or 1 teaspoon grated orange rind (zest) 35g dried cranberries, chopped 43g Orange Jammy Bits, or candied orange peel 1 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast  Topping  35g sugar grated rind of 1 orange (zest)  Glaze  28g orange juice 50g sugar 28g unsalted butter 
    
     Directions   To prepare the dough: Weigh your flours; you’ll find their weight by toggling to “ounces” at the top of the ingredient section above. Or measure by gently spooning into a cup, then sweeping off any excess. Combine all of the dough ingredients, except the cranberries and jammy bits, and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine set to the dough cycle — until a smooth, fairly soft dough forms, adding more flour or water if necessary.  Knead in the dried cranberries and jammy bits.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and allow it to rise at room temperature for about 60 minutes; it'll be puffy, though not necessarily doubled in bulk.  To prepare the topping: Combine the sugar with the grated orange rind. Set aside.  To assemble the loaf: Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface. Pat it into a rough 6" square. Divide it into 36 small, roughly 1" to 2" pieces, and toss with the sugar/orange rind topping.  Place the coated pieces into a lightly greased small (5- to 6-cup) bundt pan.  Cover the pan, and allow the dough to rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until it's puffy, though not necessarily doubled in bulk.  To prepare the glaze: While the dough is rising, combine all the glaze ingredients in a small saucepan or a microwave-safe bowl. Heat and stir until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved.   Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 325°F.  Pour the glaze into the pan over the dough, then place pan on a baking sheet in case the glaze bubbles and overflows from the pan.  Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, or until it’s beginning to caramelize and turn golden brown on top; a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf should read 190°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, and allow it to cool for 3 to 5 minutes.   Carefully turn the bread onto a serving plate and serve warm or at room temperature.  Store any leftovers at room temperature, well wrapped, for several days. Freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't have a small bundt pan? No problem! This bread can be made in a 9" round pan. Bake the loaf in a preheated 325°F oven for 30 to 35 minutes. If you're feeding a larger crowd, simply double the ingredients, and prepare the bread as written. Divide the dough into 64 pieces, roll them in 6 tablespoons of the sugar/orange rind topping, and place them in a standard 10- to 12-cup bundt pan. Finish the bread as instructed (doubling the glaze as well). Bake in a preheated 325°F oven for 45 to 50 minutes. 
    