Crostini with Toppings
    
    A coarse-grained bread with lots of large, uneven holes — a typical Italian or French loaf — comes from dough which is very slack, or wet. It's simple to make a slack dough in the bread machine: you never have to knead it by hand, so you don't have to deal with sticky fingers. This dough should never form a ball which cleans the sides of the pan, but should remain sticky. It'll mound up as if trying to form a ball, but it won't.
    
     Bread for crostini  2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons sugar 283g lukewarm water 50g olive oil semolina or cornmeal, for dusting the pan 
    
     Directions   To make the bread for the crostini:  Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for Dough, and press Start. Check the dough 10 minutes before the end of the second knead cycle. It should be extremely soft and sticky. Adjust the consistency as necessary with flour or water.  When the machine has completed its cycle, transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface. Divide it into three pieces.   If you're using a baguette pan, grease the molds of the pan, and sprinkle them with coarse semolina or yellow cornmeal.   Working with one piece at a time, lay the dough in the pan and stretch and pat it to within 1" of each end. Repeat with the remaining pieces of dough.  If you're not using a baguette pan, roll the dough as best you can into three 16" logs, and place them on a couple of lightly greased (or parchment-lined) baking sheets.  If you're not using a baguette pan, roll the dough as best you can into three 16" logs, and place them on a couple of lightly oiled cookie sheets.  Cover the dough with lightly oiled plastic wrap, and set aside to rise until it's very puffy, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.  When the bread has risen, bake it in a preheated 425°F oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until it's golden brown.  Remove the bread from the oven, and transfer it to a wire rack to cool completely.   When the bread is cool, drape it with a cloth towel and let it rest overnight; it needs to be a bit stale before you cut it.  Slice the bread crosswise into 1/3-inch rounds.  Slice the bread crosswise into 1/3" rounds.  Put the bread slices into the pans in one layer, as close together as you can get them.  Remove the crostini from the oven, and let them cool.  Remove the crostini from the oven, and let them cool.  If not serving them the same day, store the crostini in an airtight container for up to 5 days.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Note that all of the amounts for the topping ingredients are approximate. You'll use more or less depending on a variety of factors, including how big the basil leaves and tomatoes are, how thinly you slice the garlic, and how generous you are with the cheese. To say nothing of how many crostini you've sampled before even getting to the topping... If you find yourself with leftover topping ingredients, make salad.Crostini topping    • 2 cups (16 ounces, 454g) goat cheese (plain or herbed)  • 3 cups (4 3/4 ounces, 135g) loosely packed fresh basil leaves  • 1 to 1 1/2 heads (4 to 6 ounces, 113 to 170g) fresh garlic, cloves separated, peeled, and thinly sliced  • 2 to 3 cups (9 to 14 ounces, 255g to 397g) sun-dried tomato slices packed in oil, drained Unwrap the goat cheese, and gently crumble it into a small bowl. Spread each crostini with 1 teaspoon of cheese, then top with a basil leaf, a slice or slices of garlic, and a sun-dried tomato slice, cut in half if overly large. Serve immediately. The crostini will get soggy if they wait more than about half an hour.  
    