Crunchy Seed Braid
    
    This interesting loaf not only has seeds showered on top, but a swirl of seeds within. With the addition of our Harvest Grains Blend, a crunchy combo of seeds and whole grains, this is one tasty loaf!  Read our blog about this bread, with additional photos, at Flourish.  
    
     Dough  283g lukewarm water 35g vegetable oil 241g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 170g King Arthur Whole Wheat Flour, white wheat preferred 85g Harvest Grains Blend 43g traditional rolled oats 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 25g sugar 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Topping  1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water 85g mixed seeds: poppy, sesame, flax, fennel, and anise are all good choices, as is our Artisan Bread Topping 
    
     Directions   Mix all of the dough ingredients, and mix and knead — by hand, stand mixer, or bread machine — to make a smooth, supple dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased, covered container, and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes. It'll become quite puffy, though it may not double in bulk.  Gently deflate the dough, and divide it into three pieces. Roll/stretch each piece into a 24" log.  Brush the logs with the beaten egg white, coating them as well as you can.  Sprinkle with the seeds. Roll them over, brush with egg white, and sprinkle on more seeds. Roll them around a bit, to coat as completely as possible.  Allow the logs to rest for 15 minutes, uncovered.  Squeeze the three logs together at one end. Braid into a braid. When you get to the end, squeeze the three pieces together and tuck them underneath. Transfer the braid to a lightly greased or parchment-lined pan, brush with more egg white, and and sprinkle with any leftover seeds.  Cover the braid, and let it rise for 1 hour, till the braid has become noticeably puffy. Toward the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Bake the bread for 15 minutes. Tent it lightly with foil (to prevent over-browning), reduce the oven temperature to 350°F, and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, until the crust is golden and the braid's internal temperature registers 190°F. Remove it from the oven, and cool on a rack.  Yield: 1 large loaf.  
    
    
    