Czech Kolaches
    
    Brought to Texas by Czech immigrants, this traditional Central European recipes has found new life and bundles of iterations in bakeries across the Lone Star State. Each of the fillings below will fill half the kolaches. Make both; or double one; or set half the dough aside to use later. 
    
     Dough  283g lukewarm milk, divided 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast 14g sugar 390g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g unsalted butter, softenedc 1 large egg 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind (zest) or 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil 3/4 teaspoon salt  Topping  67g sugar 28g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 28g unsalted butter, melted  Cheese filling  14g Instant ClearJel or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 50g sugar 113g ricotta or farmer's cheese, well drained pinch of nutmeg  Apple filling  2 medium Granny Smith apples 50g sugar 14g Instant ClearJel or cornstarch 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon 28g chopped pecans 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: In a large mixing bowl, combine 1/4 cup of the milk, the yeast, sugar, and 1/4 cup of the flour. Mix thoroughly and lest rest for 15 minutes, until the mixture becomes bubbly.   Add the remaining dough ingredients and mix and knead until you have a smooth, somewhat sticky dough. Cover and let rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, until doubled.  While the dough is rising, make the topping and filling(s).   To make the topping: Combine all the ingredients until crumbs form; set aside.  To make the cheese filling: Whisk together the ClearJel or flour and sugar, then mix in the cheese and nutmeg until smooth.   For the apple filling: Peel, core, and finely chops the apples; a food processor works well here. Combine the sugar and ClearJel or cornstarch, and mix into the apples.  Cook the mixture over medium heat until the apples are tender and the filling is thick. Remove from the heat and stir in the cinnamon, nuts, and vanilla. Cool to room temperature before using.   Preheat the oven to 375°F.  To assemble: Transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface, and gently deflate it. Cut walnut-sized pieces of dough (1 scant ounce, 28g) and shape into slightly flattened balls.   Place the pieces of dough on a parchment-lined baking sheet, and let rise until puffy, about 30 to 45 minutes. Using your fingers, press a deep indentation in the center of each ball (too shallow, and the fillings will tumble out as the kolaches rise in the oven).   Add a mounded tablespoon of Apple Filling, or 2 teaspoons of Cheese Filling, and crumble a teaspoon of the topping mixture over each.  Bake the kolaches for 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove them from the oven and cool before serving.   Store in an airtight container, refrigerated, for up to 1 week. If desired, reheat kolaches for 5 minutes in a preheated 350°F oven.   
    
    
    