Easter Monday Ham & Cheese Bake
    
    So you bought a big ham for dinner, and now you've got a big plate of leftovers, right? Well, there's more to life than ham sandwiches. This dish pairs ham and cheese with eggs, milk, and bread in a savory casserole that's perfect any time of day: breakfast, lunch, or dinner. 
    
       227g slightly stale bread or rolls, crusts removed if hard 227g cooked ham, cut into cubes 227g shredded cheese: cheddar, Monterey Jack, Swiss, or your favorite combination 5 large eggs 454g milk 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon prepared mustard or 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard 28g Vermont cheese powder, optional 50g Panko bread crumbs, or coarse, dry bread crumbs 28g melted butter 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease a small (7- to 8-cup) casserole dish, for nicest presentation; or a 9" x 9" square cake pan.  Cut the bread into small (1/2" to 3/4" cubes). Place half the cubes into the prepared baking dish.  Layer the ham over the bread; sprinkle the cheese over the ham.  Top with the remaining bread.  In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, salt, mustard, and cheese powder, if you're using it. Pour over the bread and ham in the dish, pushing the bread down into the milk.  Cover the dish, and refrigerate overnight.  Next day, preheat the oven to 375°F. Remove the casserole from the refrigerator.  Combine the bread crumbs and melted butter. Sprinkle evenly atop the casserole.  Bake the casserole for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a cake tester or paring knife inserted into the center comes out clean.  Remove the casserole from the oven. Serve hot or warm. Fruit salad is a tasty accompaniment.  Yield: 6 to 9 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Want to make a larger casserole? Double all the ingredients and bake in a 9" x 13" pan for about 40 to 45 minutes. If your 9" x 13" pan isn't at least 2" deep, increase the ingredients by about 50%, rather than doubling them.Adding cheese powder to the milk-egg custard enhances the cheese flavor of this dish if you're using a mild cheese, such as Monterey Jack or Swiss; if you use a stronger cheese, such as sharp cheddar, there's no need to add the cheese powder.   
    