Eggnog French Toast
    
    French toast, one of the basic comfort foods, is a great fix-ahead breakfast for Christmas morning— when it's baked, not fried. By preparing the bacon ahead and including it with the French toast in the oven, the flavors meld, adding a delicious smokiness to an otherwise sweet dish.  So, at this point, who has time to bake bread? The eggnog bread recipe offers a more complex layer of flavors in what is a simple but plain-looking dish, and can easily be made ahead. If there's no time to make the bread, use a nice loaf of white sandwich bread, stuffed, soaked and baked as directed below.
    
     Eggnog Bread  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 28g butter 113g eggnog 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg 142g warm water 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 teaspoon vanilla or 1/4 teaspoon eggnog flavor (optional)  Filling  454g bacon, fried or oven-baked until crisp  Eggnog Custard  794g eggnog 8 large eggs 25g sugar 1/8 teaspoon eggnog flavor 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to make a soft, smooth dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a proof cover, and allow it to rise for about 1 hour, or until it's puffy.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled surface. Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into an 8" log.   Nestle it into a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan, cover it (with a proof cover or greased plastic wrap), and allow the loaf to rise for about 30 to 45 minutes, until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan. *See "tips," below.  Bake the bread in a preheated 350°F oven for about 35 minutes, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center comes out clean.  Remove it from the oven, allow it to cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then remove it from the pan and cool it completely on a rack.   To assemble the bread for french toast: The night before you want to serve the French toast, arrange six 1/2" slices of bread in a heavily buttered 9" x 13" pan. If necessary, cut a few slices to fit so the pan is covered. Layer the bacon atop the bread, then top with the remaining bread slices.   Whisk together the eggnog, eggs, sugar, and flavoring (if you're using it), then pour it evenly over the bread in the pan. Push the bread down into the custard. Cover the pan, and refrigerate overnight.   The next day, remove the French toast from the refrigerator, and let it rest at room temperature while you preheat your oven to 350°F.  Uncover it, and bake it for about 45 minutes, until the top is golden and it's set.  Remove the French toast from the oven, allow it to rest for 10 minutes, then dust it heavily with confectioners' sugar. Cut it into squares to serve.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Note: This bread rises fairly slowly during its first rise, but seems to rise more quickly once it's in the pan. Ideally, the bread for baked French toast should be a bit stale. Either make this bread a few days ahead and let it get stale naturally, or cut 1/2" slices early on the day you want to assemble the French toast, lay them on a baking sheet or other flat surface, and let them dry out a little, at room temperature, over the course of the day.  
    