Fugassa Bread
    
    Rustic fugassa bread is especially pretty when you use different colored peppers. Red, yellow and green create the best color, as black or dark purple peppers, when cooked, become a disappointing gray.  The word "fugassa" is from the Ligurian dialect, and is closed related to fougasse, the open, flat loaf from Provence. However, this bread isn't shaped like the traditional fougasse but you certainly try different shapes. Serve this hearty bread with cold meat or pasta salad or a refreshing chilled soup for a cool, easy summer meal.
    
     Peppers and Onions  25g olive oil 78g finely chopped onions 213g chopped peppers (this can be one color or a combination)  Dough  283g lukewarm (110°F) water 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast 1 teaspoon salt 11g sugar 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 227g shredded sharp Cheddar cheese coarse sea salt 
    
     Directions   To make the peppers: Cook oil, onions and peppers slowly in a large skillet over medium-low heat until the onions are transparent. When you cook onions and peppers slowly, the natural sugars caramelize, and they become quite sweet. Set aside to cool to lukewarm.   To make the dough: In a large bowl, stir yeast into warm water to soften.  Add salt, sugar, 2 cups flour, 1 cup cheese, and the cooled peppers. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes.  Gradually add flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead.   Turn dough out onto a floured surface. Knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.  Put the dough into an oiled bowl. Turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with towel and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.  Turn the dough out onto work surface. Knead in the remaining 1 cup cheese, leaving large streaks of the cheese visible. The streaks will toast and add an attractive look to the bread, not to mention a marvelous flavor.  Shape the dough into a ball. Flatten the top slightly, and place on a well-greased baking sheet. Cover with a towel and let rise for 45 minutes.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Just before baking, brush the tops of the loaves with cold water and sprinkle with coarse sea salt, if desired. Slit the loaf in three places, about 1/2" deep, across the top.  For added crispness, steam should be added to the oven for the first 10 minutes of baking.  (See "tips", below.)  Bake for 30 minutes, or until the bread is darkly golden, and feels lighter when picked up. Immediately remove bread from baking sheet and cool on a rack.  Store, wrapped, for up to 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Tips for steaming:  Put 2 cups of ice cubes directly on the floor of the oven. By the time they have melted and evaporated the 10 minutes is usually up. Since some people have trouble working with this theory, you can also put a pan of boiling water on the bottom shelf of the oven and remove it after the first 10 minutes of baking. Just be sure to work quickly to prevent loss of oven heat.This bread makes marvelous buns. When ready to shape, divide the dough into 12 equal pieces. Shape each piece into a ball. Place about 3" apart on well-greased or parchment-lined baking sheets. Flatten tops slightly. Just before baking, brush the top with cold water and sprinkle with coarse sea salt, if desired. Slit each bun twice across the top, about 1/4" deep. Bake in a preheated 400°F oven for 18 minutes, or until done. Steam, as mentioned above, will make these buns extra crisp and crunchy. 
    