Gluten-Free Cinnamon Rolls
    
    There's nothing quite like the aroma of fresh cinnamon rolls baking in the oven — surely a must-have on everyone's breakfast treat list. Here's a gluten-free version of cinnamon rolls that's sure to warm your home on Sunday morning.
    
     Dough  390g King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour 35g sugar 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon xanthan gum 2 teaspoons instant yeast 57g soft butter 25g vegetable oil 227g warm milk, plus extra for brushing on the dough 1 large egg 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor  Filling  213g brown sugar 4 teaspoons cinnamon 85g soft butter  Icing*  85g soft cream cheese 340g glazing sugar or confectioners' sugar 57g soft butter 1/2 teaspoon vanilla *See "tips," below. 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all the dry ingredients in your mixer bowl. Add the soft butter, blending on low speed until you have coarse crumbs.  Add the oil, milk, egg, and flavorings, beating until incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat on medium-high speed for 3 minutes; don't take a shortcut here, beat for the full 3 minutes. Scrape the bowl down again; the dough will be the consistency of very thick cake batter. Cover the dough and let it rise for about 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until visibly puffy.  While the dough is rising, make the cinnamon filling. Combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and soft butter to make a paste.  When the dough has risen, turn it out onto a lightly greased piece of parchment paper or waxed paper and press it gently into an 8" x 16" rectangle. Make sure to grease the parchment or waxed paper; you'll be glad you did once you start rolling the dough into a log.  Brush milk over the surface of the dough; this will help keep the rolls and filling from separating as they bake. Crumble the filling into small pieces and sprinkle it across the dough, leaving a 1/2" to 1" border of filling-free dough around the edges.  With the long edge of the parchment closest to you, roll the dough forward, allowing the paper to do the work for you. The dough should release from the paper as you roll. Cut the log into 8 slices, using a sharp serrated knife or dental floss. To use floss, draw it under the dough and pull each end simultaneously across the top to cut the rolls.  For best results, place each roll into the well of a well-greased muffin pan; they'll rise higher with the support of the pan. Allow the rolls to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until puffy. Toward the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes, until they're golden brown.    While the rolls are baking, make the icing. Mix the cream cheese, sugar, butter, and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth.   Remove the rolls from the oven. Ice them immediately.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you like a heavily iced cinnamon bun, this recipe is for you. If you're more partial to a drizzle of sweet icing across the top of your bun, we recommend cutting the ingredient amounts for the icing in half.Want to make a savory version of these rolls? Prepare the dough as directed above, using just 1 tablespoon sugar, and omitting the vanilla and sweet dough flavor. Make the filling from our Butterflake Herb Loaf recipe. Pat out the gluten-free dough as directed above. Melt the butter/herb filling, and spread half of it over the dough (reserve the rest for later). Add a sprinkle of Parmesan cheese too, if desired. Roll the dough up the long way, and cut into 12 slices. Bake in a muffin tin, according to the instructions above. Remove the baked rolls from the oven, and dip the top of each into the remaining melted butter/herb filling. Serve warm. 
    