Gluten-Free Sorghum Sandwich Bread
    
    Sorghum adds its own distinctive flavor to this moist, tender yeast bread.
    
       113g sorghum flour 276g King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour or 213g brown rice flour blend* 28g whole flax meal 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon xanthan gum 227g room-temperature milk (about 70°F) 2 tablespoons molasses 25g vegetable oil or 28g melted butter 3 large eggs *See tips from our bakers, below. 
    
     Directions   Whisk together the flours, flax meal, yeast, baking powder, salt, and xanthan gum.     In a separate bowl, beat the milk, molasses, oil or melted butter, and eggs.    Blend the dry ingredients into the milk mixture 1 cup at a time, beating for a minute and then scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl.    After all the dry ingredients have been added, beat for 2 to 3 minutes at medium speed to make a smooth, thick batter.    Cover the bowl, and let the batter rest and rise for 1 hour.    Scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl, deflating the batter in the process. Beat the batter for about 1 minute.    Grease an 8 1/2" by 4 1/2" loaf pan. Scoop the dough into the pan, doming it in the middle; using a spatula or your wet fingers helps.    Cover the pan loosely with greased plastic wrap. Set it in a warm place to rise until the loaf barely crowns above the rim of the pan, about 60 to 75 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.    Bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes, until it’s a deep golden brown. Tent the loaf with foil the final 10 to 15 minutes of baking, to prevent over-browning.  An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the fully baked loaf will register about 205°F.    Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out of the pan, and cool on a rack. Slice when completely cool.    Yield: 1 loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  *Make your own blend Many of our gluten-free recipes use our King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour, which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods. Our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats, keeping them fresh longer.    The following make-at-home blend, featuring stabilized brown rice flour, works pretty well when substituted; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour.     Whisk together 6 cups (28 1/2 ounces) King Arthur stabilized brown rice flour; 2 cups (10 3/4 ounces) potato starch; and 1 cup (4 ounces) tapioca flour or tapioca starch. Store airtight at room temperature. Note: You can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like; it'll make your baked goods grittier (unless you manage to find a finely ground version).  
    