Gluten-Free Pizza Crust
    
    Crisp and chewy, this is a wonderful base for your favorite toppings.   Note: you must use a stand mixer or electric hand mixer to make this dough; mixing by hand doesn't do a thorough enough job.
    
       224g King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour or 6 3/4 ounces brown rice flour blend* 21g buttermilk powder or nonfat dry milk powder 1 teaspoon baking powder 3/4 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon xanthan gum 1 1/2  teaspoons instant yeast  1 tablespoon sugar or honey (optional) 227g warm water 25g olive oil (for dough) 25g olive oil (for pan) *See recipe for this blend below. 
    
     Directions   Place the dry ingredients (except the yeast and sugar or honey, if you're using it) into a large mixing bowl; the bowl of your stand mixer is perfect. Mix until thoroughly blended.  Place the sugar or honey (if you're using it), warm water, olive oil, yeast, and about 1/2 cup of the dry mixture into a small bowl. Stir to combine; a few lumps are OK. Set aside for 30 minutes or so, until the mixture is bubbly and smells yeasty.  Add this mixture to the dry ingredients, and beat on medium-high speed for 4 minutes. The mixture will be thick and sticky; if you've ever applied spackling compound to a wall, that's exactly what it'll look and feel like. Note: you must use a stand mixer or electric hand mixer to make this dough; mixing by hand doesn't do a thorough enough job.  Cover the bowl, and let the dough rest for 30 minutes or so.    Preheat the oven to 425°F.  Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil onto the center of a baking sheet or 12" round pizza pan. Scrape the dough from the bowl onto the puddle of oil.  Using your wet fingers, start at the center of the dough and work outwards, pressing it into a 12" to 14" circle.  Let the dough rest, uncovered, for 15 minutes.  Bake the crust for 8 to 10 minutes, just until it's set; the surface will look opaque, rather than shiny.    Remove from the oven and top with whatever you like. Return to the oven to finish baking, about 10 to 15 minutes depending on the toppings you've chosen.  Remove from the oven, and serve warm.  Yield: one 12" to 14" pizza.  *Make your own blend Many of our gluten-free recipes use our King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour, which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods. Our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats, keeping them fresh longer.    The following make-at-home blend, featuring stabilized brown rice flour, works pretty well when substituted; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour.     Whisk together 6 cups (28 1/2 ounces) King Arthur stabilized brown rice flour; 2 cups (10 3/4 ounces) potato starch; and 1 cup (4 ounces) tapioca flour or tapioca starch. Store airtight at room temperature. Note: You can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like; it'll make your baked goods grittier (unless you manage to find a finely ground version).    
    
     Tips from our bakers  Thin-crust is the way to go with this recipe. Since the dough is so soft, it tends to spread and become thinner as it bakes, even if it starts out thicker.To bake your pizza on a pizza or baking stone: Place the stone on the center rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 425°F. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil onto the center of a half-sheet piece of parchment paper (about 12" x 16"). Scrape the dough from the bowl onto the oil and paper. Using wet fingers, press the dough into a 12" circle, starting at the center and working out. Let the dough rest, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Place the crust (with parchment) onto the stone, and bake it for 8 to 10 minutes, just until set. Remove it from the oven and add toppings. Return it to the oven for another 10 to 15 minutes, until the toppings are cooked to the desired doneness. 
    