Gluten-Free Cranberry-Orange Bread with Sorghum
    
    Cranberry and orange are a classic flavor combination. This gluten-free quick bread adds sorghum flour for body.
    
       135g sugar 85g soft butter ½ teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons baking powder 1 tablespoon grated orange rind (zest) or 1/8 teaspoon orange oil 3 large eggs 156g King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour or 128g brown rice flour blend* 85g sorghum flour 2 tablespoons whole flax meal ½ teaspoon xanthan gum 170g orange juice 113g dried cranberries 85g chopped pecans or walnuts *See recipe in tips from our bakers, below. 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F with the oven rack in the middle. Lightly grease an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" inch loaf pan.  Place the sugar, soft butter, salt, baking powder, and grated orange rind or orange oil in a mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until fluffy.  Whisk together the flours, milled flax, and xanthan gum.  Beat the eggs into the butter mixture one at a time, scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl between additions.  Add the dry mixture about 1/3 cup at a time, alternating it with the orange juice.  Stir in the cranberries and nuts.  Scoop the batter into the prepared pan, mounding it in the center of the pan to create a dome shape. Sprinkle with coarse sparkling sugar, if desired.   Let the batter rest for 10 minutes.  Bake the bread for 58 to 68 minutes, until it's golden brown on the top. If you have a thermometer, the internal temperature should be 200°F or higher; see tip below.  Remove the bread from the oven, and allow it to rest in the pan for 15 minutes, then transfer it to a rack to cool completely. The bread is tender, and will slice with less crumbling after it's completely cool, about 4 hours.  Yield: 1 loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  *Make your own blend Many of our gluten-free recipes use our King Arthur Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Flour, which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods. Our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats, keeping them fresh longer.    The following make-at-home blend, featuring stabilized brown rice flour, works pretty well when substituted; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour.     Whisk together 6 cups (28 1/2 ounces) King Arthur stabilized brown rice flour; 2 cups (10 3/4 ounces) potato starch; and 1 cup (4 ounces) tapioca flour or tapioca starch. Store airtight at room temperature. Note: You can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like; it'll make your baked goods grittier (unless you manage to find a finely ground version). It's often difficult to be sure gluten-free quick breads are fully baked in the middle. A cake tester inserted into the center may come out crumb and batter free before the bread is fully baked; thus, using an instant-read thermometer is a good idea. 
    