Gluten-Free White Chocolate Hazelnut Bread Pudding
    
    Mellow, sweet, and nutty, this gluten-free comfort dessert will dazzle your palate with its smooth white chocolate custard and crunchy toasted hazelnuts.
    
       142g hazelnuts, toasted and roughly chopped 1/2 to 3/4 loaf gluten-free bread (about 6-8 slices) 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg 454g heavy cream 454g milk 8 large egg yolks 397g chopped white chocolate 50g sugar 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract 3/4 teaspoon hazelnut flavor 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease nine 1-cup ramekins or custard cups.  Cut the bread into 1" cubes.  Divide the bread equally among the ramekins, taking care not to pack it in too tightly.  Whisk the cinnamon and nutmeg into the heavy cream and milk. Bring the mixture to a full simmer on the stove.  Whisk the egg yolks with the sugar until the mixture lightens significantly in color.  Once the cream comes to a simmer, take about 1 cup and drizzle it slowly into the yolks while whisking vigorously.  Take the tempered egg mixture from the bowl and, stirring constantly, pour it into the saucepan with the cream. Immediately add the chopped white chocolate (or chips). Allow it to stand for a minute, then stir to combine; the chocolate should melt and the mixture become smooth.  Stir in the hazelnut flavor and vanilla. Transfer the custard to a good pouring container, and fill the ramekins almost to the rim with the custard, pushing the bread down to allow it to soak up the liquid. Continue to add custard to each ramekin until it's all used.  Top each dish off with a generous sprinkle of the hazelnuts.   Bake the puddings for 30 to 35 minutes, until they're set.  Remove the puddings from the oven. Cool them for 10 minutes before serving with a scoop of ice cream or soft whipped cream. Or serve at room temperature, if you prefer.  Leftovers should be refrigerated, and gently reheated in the microwave just before serving.    Yield: 9 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To toast hazelnuts: Spread the nuts in a single layer on a pan, and bake in a preheated 350°F oven for about 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden.  This pudding can also be made in a 9" square cake pan. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until the center looks set (no longer liquid). 
    