Going With The Grain Bread
    
    Chock-full of sunflower seeds, poppy, sesame and flax seeds, oat and millet, wheat and rye, this nutty, crunchy whole-grain loaf makes great sandwiches, and is also super at breakfast, toasted and spread with sweet butter or thick marmalade.
    
       298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (See "tips", below.) 160g Harvest Grains Blend 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 25g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 35g Bakers' Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 32g potato flour 283g water 57g butter or 49g vegetable oil 
    
     Directions   To make the dough manually:  In a large bowl, combine all of the ingredients until a rough dough forms, then knead (about 10 minutes by hand, 5 to 7 minutes by mixer) until it's smooth and satiny.  Transfer it to a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour. It'll become somewhat puffy, but may not double in bulk.  To make the dough in a bread machine: Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine, program the machine for dough or manual, and press Start.   Check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle. It should be smooth and supple, not "gnarly." Adjust the consistency with additional flour or water as needed. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  To shape and bake the bread: Shape the dough into a loaf, and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pan.   Cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap or an acrylic proof cover, and allow the bread to rise until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan, about 1 hour.  Toward the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes, or until its interior registers 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, take it out of the pan, and allow it to cool on a wire rack.   Store the bread, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Substitute King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour for up to 1 cup of the all-purpose flour, if you like. 
    