Golden Pumpkin Dinner Rolls
    
    Add these slightly sweet, light-gold rolls to your bread basket for a tasty change of pace. To make the pretty rolls pictured above, see our video on how to shape knots. 
    
       2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 53g brown sugar 113g lukewarm milk 57g softened butter 2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; or substitute 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon + 3/8 teaspoon ground cloves +3/8 teaspoon ground ginger 2 large eggs 170g pumpkin purée (canned pumpkin) 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl, and mix and knead — using your hands, a stand mixer, or a bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft, smooth dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, and allow it to rise for 60 to 75 minutes, until it's puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface.  Divide the dough into 24 equal pieces. Round each piece into a smooth ball, or shape into knots.  Lightly grease two 9" round cake pans. Space 12 rolls in each pan. Alternatively, put all 24 rolls in a 9" x 13" pan.  Cover the pans, and allow the rolls to rise until they're crowded against one another and quite puffy, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Uncover the rolls, and bake them for about 20 minutes. Tent lightly with aluminum foil, and bake an additional 5 minutes or so, until the edges of the center bun spring back lightly when you touch it. A digital thermometer inserted into the middle of a center roll should register at least 190°F.  Remove the rolls from the oven, and brush with melted butter, if desired. After a couple of minutes, turn the rolls out of the pan onto a cooling rack.   Serve warm. Store completely cooled rolls, well-wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 2 dozen dinner rolls.  
    
    
    