Grilled Asparagus Stromboli
    
    When is a pizza not a pizza? When it's stromboli. When is asparagus more than just asparagus? That's right, when it's in stromboli. Stromboli takes the flavorful crust of pizza and literally wraps it up with delicious fillings, like our grilled asparagus and onions and warm, melted cheese. Served in slices to be dipped in garlic oil or your favorite marinara, it's a real crowd-pleaser. 
    
     Stromboli dough  2 teaspoons instant yeast 198 to 255g warm water 25g garlic oil (or olive oil) 361g King Arthur Unbleached All Purpose flour 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor (optional but good) 1 1/4 teaspoons salt  Grilled Asparagus & Onion Filling  454g fresh asparagus 1 large onion, roughly chopped 113g shredded cheese (mozzarella, provolone, or a blend) garlic oil or olive oil for brushing crust  1 small jar artichoke hearts, drained. (optional)  
    
     Directions   Place all dough ingredients in the bucket of your bread machine and program for the dough cycle. Or make the dough using a stand mixer, or your hands: mix, knead, and let rise till puffy.  2)Wash and trim the asparagus, removing any woody stems. Toss the spears and the onion pieces with garlic or olive oil.  On a preheated grill or in a 350°F oven, grill or roast the vegetables until they are just tender and browned. The tips of the spears and onion pieces will be caramelized. Remove from the heat, add salt and pepper to taste, and set aside to cool slightly.   Take the risen dough and roll it out to a 10" x 15" rectangle. Spread the shredded cheese on the dough, leaving a 1" border all around. Add the grilled veggies in an even layer.   Beginning on one of the 15" sides, roll the dough up as you would a jelly roll or cinnamon buns. Seal the ends and seams well, and place on a parchment-lined sheet pan. Rub the surface well with garlic or olive oil, and cover with plastic wrap. Rise the stromboli for 30-45 minutes or until quite puffy.   Bake the stromboli in a preheated 400°F oven until deep golden brown. Cool for 5-10 minutes before slicing and serving with marinara for dipping.    Yield: one large stromboli, about 14 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Stromboli is very versatile. Change the filling ingredients to match your tastes and pantry. Pepperoni, sun-dried tomatoes, herbed goat cheese, salami, even grilled broccoli  all make great stromboli; try your favorite combo. Leftovers freeze well and are easy to reheat wrapped in foil on your grill or in the oven.  
    