Harvest Grains Loaf for the bread machine
    
    The nutty, whole-grain flavor and crunch of this loaf make it wonderful served plain, with butter, or as the base for a sandwich. 
    
     Dough  11g vegetable oil 340g to 397g water* 1 egg yolk 241g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 113g King Arthur 100% White Whole Wheat Flour 46g potato flour or potato flakes 96g Harvest Grains Blend 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 35g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 7g King Arthur Whole-Grain Bread Improver, optional *See "tips," below.  Topping  1 egg white 2 to 3 tablespoons artisan bread topping, or any seed blend topping, or seeds 
    
     Directions   To make with a bread machine: Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine in the order indicated by the manufacturer.  Program the machine for basic white bread (or equivalent), medium crust (if your machine has a crust selection feature), and start the machine.  Check the dough about 5 minutes before the end of its final kneading cycle; if it's very sticky and won't hold its shape, add a bit more flour; if it's very dry and "gnarly" add a few tablespoons of water.   When the dough has finished kneading, take it out of the machine, remove the paddles from the machine, then shape it into a nice, smooth loaf, and replace it in the machine.  Brush it with some beaten egg white, and sprinkle it heavily with seeds. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  Store, well-wrapped, on the counter for 5 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Use the lesser amount of water in summer, the greater amount in winter, and something in between in fall and spring.You may also make this bread without the aid of a bread machine; or make the dough in a bread machine, and bake it in the oven. Simply make the dough using your usual method (by hand, electric mixer or bread machine); allow it to rise until puffy, then shape it into a log; and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch bread pan. Allow the loaf to rise, covered, until it's crowned about 1 inch over the rim of the pan. Brush the risen loaf with the beaten egg white, and sprinkle it with the seeds. Bake it in a preheated 350°F oven for 35 minutes, or until its interior temperature registers 190°F on an instant-read thermometer. Remove the bread from the oven, remove it from the pan, and cool it on a wire rack.  
    