Herbed Monkey Bread
    
    Soft and buttery like its sweet cousin, a savory monkey bread allows the same pull-apart fun for the entree. It makes a distinctive base for a summertime breakfast  strata as well. 
    
     Dough  227g water 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 3/4 teaspoons instant yeast 18g sugar 18g Bakers' Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 21g butter, 18g oil, or 21g margarine  Herb Coating  32g to 63g olive oil (See "tips", below.) 1 tablespoon fresh stemmed thyme 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley 1 teaspoon dried oregano 14g garlic, minced 
    
     Directions   Combine the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — mixing and kneading until a smooth, supple dough is formed.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise until puffy, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours.  To make the herb coating: While the dough's rising, make the coating. Heat the oil in a small frying pan, and gently sauté the herbs and garlic for a minute or two. Don't brown the garlic, as it may acquire a bitter taste. Set the oil and herbs aside.   Grease the bottom and sides of a small (8") tube or bundt-style pan, or a deep (2" or deeper) 8" cake pan or soufflé pan.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface, and divide it into 32 small pieces, each about the size of a chestnut, and weighing approximately 3/4 ounce (21g).  If you're using a small bundt-style pan, place about one-third of the balls in the bottom of the pan. If you're using a cake pan, put about two-thirds of the balls into it.  Brush the balls with the herb coating. Continue to layer with the remaining balls and herb oil. (If you've used the greater amount of olive oil, dip each piece of dough into the oil to completely coat it.)  Let the bread rise, covered, for 1 hour or until puffy.   Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until it's golden.   Remove it from the oven, and invert it onto a serving platter, so the crispy bottom crust is on top.  Store any leftover buns, covered, at room temperature for 3 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Use 3 tablespoons of oil if you simply want to drizzle the herb coating over the dough in the pan. To thoroughly coat each dough ball, use 5 tablespoons olive oil. This will give the bread a delicious crisp crust. 
    