Herb Bread with Biga Gone Wild
    
    A biga is a pre-fermented dough that the French call pâte fermentée. It's started with a tiny bit of yeast, and allowed to work for several hours. The advantage of making a biga is that because it ferments for a long time, it adds flavor and character to the bread you make with it. Bigas work well in lean doughs, doughs used to make baguettes and country-style breads, but what would it do in a more conventional (American-type) loaf? Here is a recipe that resulted from a little experimentation.
    
     Biga  198g water 78g pumpernickel 135g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/4 teaspoon salt the biga left in a container previously used, 14g (or, if you don't have any leftover biga, 1/4 teaspoon commercial yeast)  Dough  340g water 71g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk, optional, for a mellower flavor 25g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 25g olive oil 2 1/4 teaspoons salt 482g to 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 tablespoon fresh dill weed, minced (or 1 teaspoon dried) 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary, minced (or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried) 198g to 227g Vidalia or other sweet onion, chopped 
    
     Directions   To make the biga: In a small mixing bowl, combine all of the biga ingredients, cover, and set aside  for 8 to 12 hours.  To make the dough: Combine the biga and all of the dough ingredients except the onion — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading until the dough begins to smooth out. Add in the onion near the end of the kneading process. If using a bread machine, remove the dough at the end of the kneading cycle.  Lightly grease the bowl, place the dough in it, cover, and let it rest/rise for about 45 minutes. Take out the dough, gently deflate it by folding it in onto itself, turn it over, and place it back in the bowl. Let it continue to rise for a further 45 minutes to an hour.  When the dough has not quite doubled in size, take it out of the bowl and place it on a lightly floured surface. Cut it in half.  You can shape each half to make loaves in 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" pans; you can make free-form boules, or you can a sandwich loaf and a boule (for those of you who have trouble making choices, or just like to fill your breadbox with a variety of different shapes).  Let the loaves rise until they're emerging over the top edge of the pan (in the case of the pan loaves), or until the boules appear fully (but not overly) expanded.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F for pan loaves, or 425°F for boules or hearth-style breads.  Bake the pan loaves for about 35 minutes. For boules, bake in approximately the same length of time. The boule will be crustier, more of a "country" loaf.  Remove the bread from the oven and, if it's in a pan, turn it out of the pan. Cool the loaves on a wire rack.  Store well-wrapped at room temperature for up to 5 days, or frozen for 3 months.  
    
    
    