Herb-Topped Country Bread
    
    Here's a hearth loaf that seems to be inspired by Japanese gift-wrapping techniques: papers, like those layered with maple leaves and flowers, subtly reveal rather than conceal the gift they enclose. With this loaf, a thin, almost translucent, gift-wrap of dough just reveals the herbs below the surface.
    
     Sponge  170g cool water 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 28g pumpernickel flour 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast  Dough  227g warm water (95 to 110°F) 1 teaspoon instant yeast 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 25g olive oil 1 3/4 teaspoons salt  Topping  1/2 cup fresh, whole herbs (basil, parsley, rosemary, or a mixture of herbs of your choice) 2 teaspoons coarse salt or flavored salt 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: In a small bowl, mix together the sponge ingredients.  Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and leave it at cool room temperature for at least 4 hours, and up to about 18 hours (longer than that, you'll need to refrigerate it). As you can see, it's often convenient to make this sponge the night before baking.  Combine the sponge and all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth and elastic dough. (If kneading by hand, reserve 1/2 cup of flour from the dough for use while kneading.)  Transfer the dough to a large, lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's doubled in size.  Once the dough has risen, transfer it to a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface, and divide it into two pieces (about 15 ounces each).  Remove a golf ball-sized nub of dough from each piece. (Each of these little dough balls will weigh about 2 1/2 ounces, 71g.)  Shape the two larger pieces of dough into round loaves, place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, cover them, and set them aside to rise while you make your "wrapping paper." (If you have a baking stone, shape the loaves and set them on a piece of parchment paper; this will make it easy to slide them into the oven and onto the stone, paper and all.)  Very lightly grease or flour your work surface.  Roll out each small piece of dough as thinly as you can into a circle that will cover the loaves. This may take a bit of stretching, alternating with resting, to get the dough to relax enough to be rolled to a thickness of about 1/16".  Spritz or brush water over the top of each loaf. Place herbs (whole basil leaves, sprigs of parsley or rosemary, etc.) all over the surface. Remember that the loaf will expand in the oven, so crowd on quite a few leaves! Spritz with water again.  Place one of the thin sheets of dough over a loaf, and gently smooth it down with your hands. Tuck and stretch the edges of the "wrap" under the loaf to seal your "package." If any large air bubbles appear, use a pin to pop the bubble, then press to smooth and seal the dough with your finger.  Spritz the loaf very lightly with water, and sprinkle it with about 1 teaspoon of coarse or flavored salt, as well as a few more herbs.  Prepare the second loaf using the same technique.  Let the loaves rise, covered, until they've almost doubled.  About a half hour before they're fully risen, place your baking stone (if you're using one) in your oven, and preheat the oven to 450°F.  Just before placing your loaves in the oven, spray them heavily with water until the surface of the dough is wet.  Using a peel, slide the loaves onto the baking stone. If you're not using a stone, place the pan in the oven on a middle rack.  Bake the loaves for 20 to 25 minutes, until they're golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a loaf registers 190°F.  Remove the loaves from the oven, and cool them on a wire rack. For extra-crisp loaves, turn the oven off, crack the door open about 1 inch, and allow the loaves to cool in the turned-off oven.  Store, wrapped, for 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    