Hi-Fiber English Muffins
    
    Along with offering plenty of fiber, these English muffins are just plain delicious. They're as easy to make as pancakes; they just take a little more time on the griddle, and a set of rings to create their distinctive shape. 
    
     Starter  113g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  113g water 113g King Arthur White whole Wheat Flour 1 teaspoon instant yeast or active dry  yeast 1 teaspoon sugar  Batter  all of the starter 170g buttermilk, at room temperature 43g honey 60g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 28g oat bran 1 tablespoon golden flax meal 32g Hi-Maize Fiber semolina or farina for sprinkling 
    
     Directions   For the starter: Combine the starter ingredients, mix well, cover and let rest at room temperature for at least 4 hours, and as long as overnight. When it's ready to be used, it will be risen and bubbly.  Combine the buttermilk and honey and add to the starter.  Whisk together the flour, salt, baking soda, oat bran, milled flax, and Hi-maize, and stir into the batter. When mixed, it will be thick but not quite pourable.  Let the batter sit while you set up and preheat the griddle to 325°F. Grease 8 English muffin rings and place them on the griddle. Sprinkle the griddle and inside of the rings with semolina or farina.  Using a muffin scoop, dollop 1/4 cup of batter into each ring, using your greased fingers to tease it out to the edges.   Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until bubbles come up to the surface and the edges look dry. Sprinkle the tops of the muffins with more semolina or farina, and flip them over.  To check for doneness, run a small knife or metal spatula around the inside of the ring; use tongs to remove the rings from the muffins.   Now you can poke the muffins from the side with an instant-read thermometer. When the centers are between 195°F and 200°F, the muffins are done. Remove from the griddle, split, and toast to serve.  Yield: 8 English muffins.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  What's "active" sourdough starter? If it's been fed within the last 4 days, it's likely in good enough shape to be used right from your refrigerator. It should be homogenous (not separated with liquid on top), and have visible bubbles. If your starter has separated, discard half, mix the rest with equal parts of flour and water by weight, and let it work on the counter for 4 or more hours (until you see it bubbling slowly), before measuring out what you need to make the recipe.What's the sprinkle all about? Sprinkling the griddle and the tops of the muffins with semolina or farina creates a slight gap underneath the batter as it's baking, which moderates the temperature and keeps the muffins from burning. We like the texture of semolina's finer grind better than that of cornmeal, which can be gritty when cooked. 
    