High-Fiber Cinnamon Swirl Bread
    
    This soft white loaf features a lovely spiral of cinnamon-sugar inside. And, surprise: the Hi-maize Natural Fiber gives it a healthy helping of 4g dietary fiber per slice — more than a typical slice of supermarket whole-grain bread. Now THAT'S a tasty way to add fiber to your family's diet! 
    
     Dough  2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry  yeast 227g lukewarm water 74g unsalted butter, softened or melted 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 135g Hi-maize Fiber 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 35g sugar  Filling  50g granulated sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 3g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 large egg beaten with 14g water, to brush on dough 
    
     Directions   If you're using active dry yeast, proof the yeast with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water. If you're using instant yeast, you can skip this step.   Combine the dissolved yeast (or instant yeast) with the remainder of the ingredients. Mix and knead everything together — by hand, mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you've made a smooth dough. *See "tips," below.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise, at room temperature, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's quite puffy but not doubled in bulk.  While the dough is rising, make the filling by whisking together the sugar, cinnamon, and flour.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface. Gently stretch and pat it into a 6" x 20" rectangle.  Brush the dough with the egg/water mixture; you won't use all of it, but save what's left. Sprinkle the dough evenly with the filling, leaving one short end bare.   Starting with the short (6") end covered with filling, roll the dough into a log. Pinch the ends to seal, and pinch the long seam closed.  Transfer the log, seam-side down, to a lightly greased 8 ½" x 4 ½" loaf pan. Tent the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap.  Allow the bread to rise until it's crested about 1" over the rim of the pan, about 1 hour. While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Brush the top of the bread very lightly with some of the reserved egg/water mixture, and sprinkle with additional cinnamon-sugar.  Bake the bread for about 40 minutes, tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after the first 20 minutes. The bread's crust will be golden brown, and the interior of the finished loaf should measure 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.   Remove the bread from the oven, and gently loosen the edges with a heatproof spatula or table knife. Turn it out of the pan onto a rack. Allow the bread to cool completely before slicing.   Store, well-wrapped, for 5 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Adjust the dough's consistency with additional flour or water as needed; but remember, the more flour you add while you're kneading, the heavier and drier your final loaf will be. If you're kneading in a stand mixer, it should take about 5 minutes at second speed, and the dough should almost clean the sides of the bowl, perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom. In a bread machine (or by hand), it should become soft, smooth, and elastic.  
    