Holiday Breakfast Strata
    
    This is the perfect way to make your holiday breakfast a deliciously stress-free experience. You can put this strata together ahead of time, tuck it into the refrigerator, and pop it in the oven Christmas morning before you get the coffee started. For many families, this is a treat they look forward to every year.
    
       1 pound broccoli florets 454g loaf bread, cubed 1 pound breakfast sausage, cooked and crumbled 227g shredded cheddar cheese; we prefer Cabot extra-sharp  2 tablespoons minced dried onion 7 large eggs 4 cups milk 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard coarsely ground black pepper to taste 
    
     Directions   Lightly grease a 2-quart casserole, or a 9" x 13" pan. Blanch the broccoli florets by boiling briefly, for about 2 minutes. Remove from the water and set aside to cool.    Put half the cubed bread in the prepared casserole or pan. Top with all the cooked sausage, three-quarters of the broccoli, half the cheese, and the dried onion. Top with the remaining bread and cheese. (The last of the broccoli comes later.)  Whisk together the eggs, milk, salt, mustard, and pepper. Pour slowly over the bread mixture, pushing the bread down into the liquid. If necessary, add a bit more milk to barely submerge the bread when you press it down. Cover and refrigerate overnight, or for at least 6 hours.  When you're ready to bake, take the casserole out of the refrigerator and preheat the oven to 350°F. Bake the casserole, uncovered, for 45 minutes. Place the reserved broccoli florets on top of the strata, pushing them in gently. Continue to bake till the top is golden and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, an additional 45 minutes or so. Remove from the oven, and serve warm.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  The resting time for the casserole prior to baking gives the bread time to absorb the egg/milk mixture.Take the casserole out of the refrigerator and uncover it before you turn on the oven; it will slightly shorten the baking time. Be sure to grease the casserole dish all the way to the top before filling it; serving will be much easier that way. You can cut and freeze the bread for this recipe a month in advance; the eggs and milk can be put together up to 2 days ahead. The entire dish can be baked  ahead and refrigerated for up to 3 days or frozen for 2 weeks. 
    