Honey Curry Pita with Curried Chicken Salad
    
    Sweet honey and savory curry powder blend in the pita dough to create a compelling combination of flavors, delicious with a Curried Chicken Salad.
    
     Honey Curry Pita  454g warm water 85g to 128g honey 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast 659g to 773g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 25g to 50g vegetable oil, optional but will help the pitas stay fresh 2 to 3 teaspoons curry powder 14g salt cornmeal, for baking sheets  Curried Chicken Salad  454g to 567g chicken, cut in bite-sized pieces, cooked quickly in a skillet and chilled 71g chopped onions or 32g scallions 71g chopped celery 57g chopped walnuts 170g seedless grapes, halved (scissors will do this quickly)  227g mayonnaise 7g fresh parsley, minced 1/2 to 1 teaspoon curry powder (start with the lesser amount and add to taste) 
    
     Directions   To make the pita: Pour the water into a mixing bowl. Stir in the honey, yeast and about 2 cups of flour. Set it aside and allow to work for about 15 minutes.  When the mixture has expanded, mix in the oil, curry powder, salt and a further 3 1/2 cups of flour.   Stir this together as well as you can in the bowl and then turn out onto a kneading surface where you've sprinkled the remainder of the flour.   Knead the dough, adding enough more flour to keep it from sticking to you or the board, until it has really come together, about 2 or 3 minutes. Then give it a rest while you clean out and grease the bowl.   After this little rest, the flour will have better absorbed the moisture, the developing gluten will have relaxed, the dough will feel less lumpy and more cohesive. Continue kneading until it's springy and smooth.   Shape the dough into a ball, place it in the greased bowl and turn it over so that the top has a thin film of grease on it. Cover the bowl with a damp towel or plastic wrap and let the yeast go to work. While the yeast is busy, you can make fillings to go in the pitas when they're done.   After the dough has doubled in bulk (when you can poke a finger in it and it doesn't bounce back at you), begin preheating your oven to a hot 500°F.  Knock the dough down, knead out any stray bubbles and divide it into 8 (or 4 if you've made only half the recipe) pieces.   On a lightly floured surface, roll each out into a circle about 7" in diameter. Place two each on a cornmeal sprinkled baking sheet, cover with a damp cloth and let rest for at least 15 minutes.  After the circles have rested, place the baking sheet on the oven bottom (if you have a baking stone, place it on that), close the oven door and keep it shut for 2 minutes. It's this initial intense heat that begins to create the pocket. The outside of the dough bakes very quickly while the carbon dioxide bubbles inside expand and separate the top layer of the dough from the bottom.   After the initial 2 minutes, place the baking sheet on a rack higher up in the oven and continue baking for another 5 to 6 minutes. During this part of the baking process, the pitas should blow up like balloons.   When they are done, remove the sheet from the oven and slide the pitas onto a cooling rack. As the gas inside them cools, they will deflate somewhat. Once they are completely cool, you can press the balance of the gas out of them so you can slide them into an airtight bag until they're ready to be cut in half and filled.   To make the chicken salad: In a mixing bowl, stir together the chicken, onion, celery, walnuts and grapes.   In a smaller bowl, blend together the mayonnaise, parsley and curry powder. When you're happy with the combination of flavors, stir gently into the chicken mixture.   Serve in the Honey Curry Pita with lettuce. Store chicken salad in an airtight container in the fridge for up to a week.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The suggested amounts for the honey and curry powder in the pita are fairly wide since you can make these flavors subtle or strong depending on taste.  
    