Honey-Oat Pain de Mie
    
    This sandwich loaf, with its hint of sweetness from both honey and oats, is wonderfully moist and tender. And, since it bakes in a pain de mie pan (pullman loaf pan), each slice is beautifully shaped, with an ultra-thin crust — ideal for kids. It slices easily for sandwiches and toast; try it in French toast for a tasty twist on that breakfast favorite.
    
       361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 85g old-fashioned rolled oats (not quick oats) 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 57g melted butter 64g honey 227 to 255g lukewarm water* *Use the smaller amount in the summer, or in a humid climate; the larger in winter, or in a drier climate. 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients, and mix until cohesive. Cover the bowl, and let the dough rest for 20 minutes, to give the oats a chance to absorb some of the liquid. Then knead — by hand, stand mixer, or bread machine — to make a smooth, soft, elastic dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, or in an 8-cup measure (so you can track its progress as it rises), and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until it's risen noticeably. It won't necessarily double in bulk.  Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into a 9" log. Place the log in a lightly greased 9" pain de mie (pullman) pan, pressing it gently to flatten.  Place the lid on the pan (or cover with plastic wrap, for a better view), and let the dough rise until it's about 1" below the top of the pan/lid, 60 to 90 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Remove the plastic (if you've used it), slide the pan's lid completely closed, and bake the bread for 30 minutes.  Remove the lid, and bake for an additional 5 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, and turn it out of the pan onto a rack. Run a stick of butter over the top, if desired; this will yield a soft, buttery crust. Cool completely before cutting; wrap airtight and store for several days at room temperature.  Yield: 1 standard loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Can you make this without a pain de mie pan? Yes. Simply bake it in a 9" x 5" loaf pan instead of a pain de mie pan.How about making this recipe in a standard (13" x 4") pain de mie pan? Increase all the ingredients except the yeast by 50%; leave the yeast as is. Bake the bread for about 35 minutes with the lid on, and 8 to 10 minutes with the lid removed. 
    