Lemon-Cherry Buns
    
    Mardi Gras happens at the end of February, and for Christians it marks the final day of "rich" living before Lent, a period of deprivation. Hot cross buns, traditionally served at the end of Lent, can also mark its beginning. Our take on these soft, rich buns with their distinctive icing cross leaves out the usual dried peel and spices, substituting the bright, fresh tastes of lemon and cherry — just the ticket for the final cold days of February!  Tender and buttery, with a crisp, golden crust, these buns are distinctly and assertively lemon, but not sweet: the icing is a wonderful counterpoint to the bun itself.
    
     Dough  283g lukewarm milk 113g butter, soft 1 large egg plus 1 large egg yolk (save the extra white for glaze) 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 tablespoon lemon zest 2 teaspoons salt 35g granulated sugar 524g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or 496g Pastry Flour Blend 2 teaspoons instant yeast 106g dried sweetened tart cherries 85g citron, optional  Glaze  1 large egg white 28g water  Icing  85g white chocolate 113g confectioners' sugar 21g light corn syrup 14g hot water 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — and knead the dough until it's smooth, soft and supple; avoid adding too much flour, as this will make the buns tough and dry.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours, or until it's puffy, though it may not have doubled in bulk. If using a bread machine, let it rise in the bucket for an additional 30 minutes instead.  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface, and divide it into 20 pieces. Allow the pieces to rest, covered, for 10 minutes.  Lightly grease a 14" round pan; a 12 x 12" pan; or two 9" round cake pans.  Round the dough into balls, and place them in the prepared pans. Cover the pans, and allow the buns to rise for about 1 hour, or until they're nice and puffy and have filled the pan.  While the buns are rising, whisk together the glaze ingredients, and set aside.  Preheat your oven to 375°F.  Brush the buns lightly with the glaze. Bake them for 30 to 35 minutes, or until they're golden brown. While the buns are baking, make the icing.  While the buns are baking, make the icing. Melt the white chocolate over low heat or in the microwave.  Stir in the remaining ingredients until smooth. The icing should be thicker than honey, but still "flow." Add an extra tablespoon of hot water if the icing is too thick.  While the buns are still warm, pipe the icing in a thick cross shape atop each bun. Use a pastry bag with 1/4" round or flat tip, or put the icing into a plastic bag, snip off the end, and squeeze it out.  Store, covered, for 3 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Need some tips to make perfect rolls? Our video shows you how to shape rolls so they all look the same.  
    