Lemon Sour Cream Bread
    
    Lemon and almond combine in this tender yeast loaf; it's lovely toasted, with fresh strawberry or raspberry preserves.
    
       113g sour cream 28g water 28g butter 1 tablespoon lemon zest 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 46g almond flour or very finely ground almonds 35g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast  1 1/4 teaspoons salt  3 large eggs  1/8 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia, or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil, or 1 teaspoon lemon zest 
    
     Directions   Warm the sour cream and water to lukewarm in a microwave, or over very low heat, stirring constantly. Add the butter and stir until it has melted.   In another bowl, whisk together the lemon zest, flour, almond flour or almonds, sugar, yeast, and salt.  Add the dry ingredients to the sour cream mixture, then mix in the eggs and flavor (or additional zest).  Stir until the mixture becomes cohesive, then cover the bowl and set it aside for 15 minutes.  Knead the dough — by hand, electric mixer, food processor or bread machine — until it's smooth and elastic, adding a small amount of water or flour to make a smooth dough, if needed.   Place it in a greased bowl, cover the bowl, and set the dough aside to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, until it's doubled in bulk.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface and knead it gently a few times.   Form it into a log, and place it in a lightly greased 9" x 5" loaf pan.  Cover the pan, and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until it's almost even with the top of the pan.  Bake the bread in a preheated 350°F oven for 35 to 45 minutes, or until its internal temperature registers 190°F on a digital thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, then remove it from the pan(s) after 5 minutes, and let it cool completely on a rack.  Store the bread, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you're using a bread machine, as long as the butter isn't super-cold you can skip stirring it into the sour cream. Just put the ingredients into the bucket of the machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. You may also choose to bake the bread right in the machine. Instead of programming for dough, program for basic or white bread. 
    