Malt Bread
    
    Slightly sweet, moist and somewhat dense, this is a deep brown loaf that's great plain; with butter; toasted, with butter or cream cheese; or as the base for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Use the caramel color or not, as you please; all it does is make a very dark loaf.
    
       361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g raisins 64g malted wheat flakes 85g barley malt syrup 57g King Arthur 100% White Whole Wheat Flour 1 teaspoon caramel color or black cocoa, optional 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 39g vegetable oil 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 227g to 255g ounces water 
    
     Directions   In a mini-processor or blender, combine 1/4 cup of the flour with the raisins, and blend until the raisins are very finely chopped.   Combine the raisin mixture with all of the remaining ingredients in a large mixing bowl, stirring until everything is well-distributed and the dough begins to come away from the sides of the bowl.  If you're kneading by hand, transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface; knead it for 3 minutes, allow it to rest for 15 minutes, then continue kneading until smooth, an additional 8 to 10 minutes.  If you're using a mixer: Knead the dough for 2 minutes; allow it to rest for 15 minutes, then continue kneading it for an additional 5 to 7 minutes, or until it's smooth.  If you're using a bread machine, program the cycle for Manual or Dough, and start the machine. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours; it should have almost doubled in bulk.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and shape it into a log.  Place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pan, cover the pan with a damp cloth or an acrylic dough cover, and allow the bread to rise for about 1 1/2 hours, until it's crowned about 1" over the rim of the pan.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 40 minutes, tenting it lightly with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes.  The internal temperature of the finished loaf should read 190°F on an instant-read thermometer. Remove the bread from the oven, and transfer it to a wire rack to cool completely.  Store, well-wrapped, at room temperature for 4 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    