Marbled Rye Sandwich Bread
    
    Light rye, or dark? Marbled rye is one dough, split and colored, then layered and rolled together, to create a swirl in the loaf. Try this for a Reuben or classic deli meat sandwich.
    
       361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 106g white rye flour or 103g medium rye flour 78g pumpernickel flour 46g potato flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 1 1/2 teaspoons Deli Rye Flavor 1 tablespoon caraway seeds 2 1/4 teaspoons salt 25g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 37g vegetable oil 397g water 25g black cocoa mixed with 7g rye flour  
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients except the black cocoa, stirring until the dough comes together.  Knead until smooth, adding additional water or all-purpose flour if needed — the dough should be soft and quite sticky. Let the dough rise until puffy, about 1 1/2 hours.  Lightly grease a long covered baker (or other 2-pound capacity loaf pan).  Divide the dough in half. Pat one half into an 11" x 8" rectangle.  Knead the black cocoa mixture into the other half of the dough. Pat this dough into an 11" x 8" rectangle and place it on top of the plain dough.  Beginning with a long edge, roll the dough into a spiral, gently stretching it to about 14" long (if you're using a 14" covered baker) as you roll.  Place it in the lightly greased pan; add the cover. Let the dough rise until it's crowned about 1/2" over the lip of the pan, about 1 1/2 hours. You'll want to lift the cover to check on the rising loaf periodically; that's OK. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat your oven to 400°F.   Give the loaf three diagonal slashes, replace the cover, and immediately put it into the oven. Bake the bread for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350°F and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes (tenting it lightly with aluminum foil if you're not using a covered pan).   Remove the cover, and let the bread bake for an additional 5 minutes, or until it's golden brown on top.   When done, the bread's internal temperature should register at least 200°F on a digital thermometer. Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out of the pan, and allow it to cool completely before slicing.  Store bread, lightly wrapped in plastic, for several days at room temperature. Freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  For more rye flavor, use a total of 1 3/4 cups pumpernickel flour, and eliminate the white or medium rye flour.New to the long covered baker? We've put together a post about  using your long covered baker.  
    