Mardi Gras Jam Buns
    
    Pazcki, a large, soft, deep-fried jelly doughnut, is a classic Polish-American treat served on Mardi Gras ("Fat Tuesday"). This recipe takes the paczki concept and flavors (a rich pastry, made with sugar, butter, milk, eggs, and rum or brandy, and filled with jelly or jam) and turns it into something different: Jam Buns. Part biscuit, kind of a cookie, almost a cake, the buns themselves are just barely sweet, and a bit austere. But the jam or preserves peeking out from inside — plus an all-over sugar glaze — make them a treat suitable for any Mardi Gras celebration.
    
     Dough  482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons salt 35g granulated sugar 1 tablespoon instant yeast 113g butter, melted 152g lukewarm milk 1 large egg 3 large egg yolks 14g rum or brandy, optional* 1/2 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor or Fiori di Sicilia, optional; or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract *If you don't use rum or brandy in the dough, substitute apple juice or water.  Filling  your favorite jam or jelly    Glaze  113g confectioners' sugar 28g cold water pinch of salt 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together to make a smooth dough; it'll feel silky, but will be a bit stiff (though not gnarly).  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure; cover it, and let it rise for 1 hour. It'll barely show any signs of life; that's OK.  Gently deflate the dough, and let it rise again until it's quite puffy, about 1 hour.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased or lightly floured work surface. Roll it into a 3/8" to 1/2"-thick circle.  Cut the circle into 2 1/2" rounds; each will weigh about 1 1/4 ounces.  Place the rounds on a baking sheet lined with waxed paper or parchment, and let them rest, covered, for about 2 hours. Again, they won't seem to rise much; that's OK. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Melt 4 tablespoons of butter. Brush the buns with the melted butter. Bake them for 13 to 15 minutes, until they're a light golden brown. Remove the buns from the oven, and cool on a rack.  Cut a slit in the side of each bun, and spoon or pipe in jam or jelly. A squeezable container of jam makes this task easier.  Make the glaze by combining the sugar, water, and salt. It'll be very thin; that's OK.  When the buns are completely cool, place them on a rack, and brush them all over with the glaze. If you don't mind getting your fingers sticky, it's much easier to put the glaze in a small, deep bowl, and dip the buns, one at a time, letting any excess icing drain off before placing them on a rack to set.  Allow the glaze to dry completely before transferring the buns to a serving plate and covering them loosely. These are best enjoyed within a day or so.    Yield: about 22 jam buns.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't wrap the buns airtight; their glaze will melt and they'll become very sticky. 
    