Millet Breadsticks
    
    Breadsticks are perfect as an hors d'oeuvre either with or without a dip, to accompany soups, or in place of dinner rolls. They are also great just to nibble whenever the urge strikes you!
    
       567g boiling water 152g whole millet 14g active dry yeast (See "tips", below.) 43g honey 25g olive oil 2 teaspoons salt 723g to 780g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour additional olive oil to brush breadstick tops, optional 
    
     Directions   Pour the boiling water over the millet in a large heat-proof bowl and allow it to sit until the mixture has cooled to 110°F (or cooler).  Sprinkle the yeast over the top of the cooled millet to soften.  Add the honey, olive oil, salt and 2 cups (8 1/2 ounces, 241g) of flour and beat vigorously for 2 minutes.  Add a further 4 cups (17 ounces, 482g) of flour, a cup at a time, until you have a soft but kneadable dough. (See "tips", below.)  Turn out onto a lightly floured board. Knead until it's smooth and bouncy, adding in only enough flour to keep the dough from sticking to you or the board.  Place the dough in an oiled bowl, turning once to oil the top, cover with a damp towel and let it rise until doubled, about 1 hour (or 1 1/2 hours with the lesser amount of yeast.)  Deflate the dough and divide into 32 pieces.  Roll each piece into an 18" to 24" rope. The length depends on how "thick and chewy" or "thin and crisp" you want your final breadsticks to be. You can also cut the ropes in halves or thirds for a variety of lengths.  Place breadsticks 1" apart on a lightly greased or parchment-covered baking sheet. Cover with a damp towel and let rise for 30 minutes.  While the breadsticks rise, preheat your oven to 400°F.  To make the breadsticks crisper, brush the tops lightly with olive oil just before they go in.  Bake the thicker variety for about 20 minutes, or until golden brown. The thinner ones should take about 15 minutes.  Immediately remove from the baking sheet and cool on a rack.  Store well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days or freeze for 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The given amount of yeast will make this dough rise very rapidly. If you want to slow things down, using only 1 package or tablespoon of yeast will increase the rising time by about 50%.When you are trying to knead a slack dough, it is often helpful to use a floured bowl or bench scraper initially, along with your hands, until the dough begins to hold together and behave itself.This dough makes wonderful baguettes and pizza dough as well. 
    