Millie's Whole Wheat Challah
    
    This recipe for high-rising challah comes from Lora Brody, author and long-time King Arthur friend. The loaf was inspired by Lora's mother, Millie, who long ago discovered the virtue of using whole-wheat pastry flour to make this light-textured golden braid, traditionally served on the Jewish Sabbath and other holidays. Whole wheat gives the challah deeper color and more complex flavor; and using whole wheat pastry flour, ground from softer wheat than traditional whole wheat flour, allows it to retain its feather-light texture.
    
       113g lukewarm water 74g vegetable oil 85g honey 2 large eggs 191g whole wheat pastry flour 241g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead them — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — until you have a soft, smooth dough.  Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's puffy and nearly doubled in bulk.   Lightly grease (or line with parchment) a baking sheet.    Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface. Divide it into three equal pieces, shape each piece into a rough log, cover the pieces, and let them rest for 10 minutes.   Roll each piece of dough into an 18" rope. Place the three pieces of dough side by side on the prepared pan, and braid them, squeezing the ends together, then tucking them neatly underneath.   Cover the braid gently with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover, and allow it to rise for about 1 hour, until it's puffy, but not doubled in bulk.   Preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the bread for 20 minutes, tent it with foil and bake for an additional 10 minutes, until it's a deep, golden brown, and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F.  Remove it from the oven, and after a minute or so carefully transfer it to a rack. Cool the bread to lukewarm before cutting it.  Store the bread, well-wrapped, on the counter for 4 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Variation: For sesame seed challah, reserve about 2 teaspoons egg white from the eggs in the dough. Combine it with 2 teaspoons water, and whisk until smooth. Gently brush this mixture on the risen challah just before baking, and sprinkle with sesame seeds. 
    