Mona's Braided Onion Loaf
    
    Soft and tender, rather than crisp and chewy, it's a nice addition to a dinner breadbasket. Filling each strand of the braid makes for a flavorful and beautiful loaf.This makes one giant (18") braid, or two smaller loaves, if you like. 
    
     Dough  170g warm water (110°F) 113g milk 510g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 50g sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 57g butter or 50g vegetable oil 1 large egg  Filling  57g butter, melted 227g finely chopped onions, or 57g dried minced onions 1 teaspoon garlic powder or 14g fresh minced garlic 1 teaspoon paprika 25g Parmesan cheese, grated  Topping  1 large egg yolk mixed with 14g water 28g poppy, sesame, caraway or mixed seeds 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — using your hands, a mixer or a bread machine — until it's smooth and supple.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise until puffy, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours.  To make the filling: In a medium-sized saucepan, sauté the onion and garlic in the butter until the onions are soft and golden brown.   Remove the pan from the stove, allow it to cool to lukewarm, then stir in the paprika and cheese. Set it aside.   To assemble the bread: Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled or lightly floured work surface. Roll it into an 18" x 12" rectangle, and cut it lengthwise into three 18" x 4" strips. (See "tips", below.)  Place a row of filling down the middle of each strip. Fold the strips over, use the heel of your hand to seal the edges, then roll into logs, sealing the ends. This is a very extensible (stretchy) dough. The logs will try to become VERY long as you roll them, but try to keep them within a few inches of their original length.  Braid the logs and place the braid on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.  Cover lightly and allow the loaf to rise for 1 hour.   Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Beat the egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water and brush the loaf all over with the egg wash. Sprinkle it with the seeds of your choice.  Bake the braid for 35 to 40 minutes, until it's deep brown and sounds hollow when thumped on the bottom, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into a thick part of the bread (but not into the filling) registers 200°F or higher.  Store the bread, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This could easily be made into two smaller loaves. When you make your original cuts in the dough, simply make one additional crosswise cut, so you have six 9" x 4" rectangles (instead of three 18" x 4"). Proceed as directed above, making two loaves. You may want to reduce the baking time slightly. 
    