Multigrain Sourdough Boule
    
    This sourdough loaf is enhanced with whole grains and a generous topping of seeds.   New to sourdough? Find the help you need for all of your sourdough baking at our Sourdough Essentials page. 
    
       227g boiling water 142g Harvest Grains Blend 454g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  198g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 206g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 25g vegetable oil  Topping  1 tablespoon sesame seeds, artisan bread topping, or your favorite blend of seeds 
    
     Directions   In a large mixing bowl, or the bucket of a bread machine, combine the Harvest Grains Blend and boiling water. Let cool to lukewarm  Add the fed sourdough starter and the remaining dough ingredients, and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, bread machine or food processor — until you've made a soft dough, adding additional water or flour as needed.   Cover the dough in the bowl, and let it rise until it's almost doubled, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface, and gently fold it over a few times to deflate it. Shape it into a large round.   Place the round on a lightly greased baking sheet, and cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap. Or place in a round covered baker, about 4.2-quart and 10" diameter, that's been sprayed with non-stick baking spray and sprinkled with sesame seeds or cornmeal, and put on the cover. Let the loaf rise until it's very puffy, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425°F.   Just before baking, brush with water, and sprinkle with seeds. Use a lame or a very sharp knife to make four slashes across the top of the loaf, in a crosshatch pattern.   Bake the bread for 40 minutes. Uncover the loaf if in a covered baker, and continue to bake 10 to 15 minutes, until the loaf is golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F. (A loaf baked on a baking sheet will need to bake for 38 to 45 minutes total.)  Remove the bread from the oven, let sit in the baker for 5 minutes, then turn out and cool on a rack.    Yield: 1 large loaf.   
    
    
    