New England Thanksgiving Bread
    
    All the Celtic countries have a colorful bread filled with fruits and spices, traditionally made to celebrate festivals and holidays. In Scotland it's called "Selkirk Bannock," in northern Wales "Bara Brith," in Ireland "Barm Brack," and across the channel in Brittany (or Little Britain) "Morlaix Brioche." It was a simple dough, sweetened and loaded with hard-to-get sweetmeats and spices which were saved for special occasions.
    
     Dough  213g brown sugar 454g warm water 18g active dry yeast or 14g instant yeast 43g nonfat dry milk 227g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon allspice 1 teaspoon nutmeg 113g butter or  99g vegetable oil (or a combination) 11g salt (or less if you choose) 482g to 602g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Celtic Version  113g golden raisins 92g currants 113g candied lemon or candied orange peel  New England Version  71g dried cranberries, chopped in half 113g golden raisins 92g currants 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: Dissolve 1 tablespoon of the sugar in the water.  Add and dissolve the yeast and dry milk.  Stir in the whole wheat flour and spices.  Cover and let this mixture rest for 2 hours.  To prepare the fruit: Melt the butter over very low heat.  Remove the butter from the heat and add the balance of the sugar and the dried fruit of your choice. After 2 hours, blend this into the sponge.   To make the dough: Combine the sponge with the salt and then the unbleached flour a cup at a time, mixing thoroughly until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl.  Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until it begins to feel as if it belongs together.   Let it rest while you clean and grease your bowl.  Continue kneading the relaxed dough until it feels smooth and springy.   Form dough into a ball, place it in the greased bowl, turning it so the top is greased, cover and place it where it will be warm, about 80°F to 90°F. The rising period may take longer than usual, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.   When you can poke your finger in the dough without it bouncing back, knock it down, turn it out onto your floured board, and knead out any stray bubbles.   You can divide this dough in two pieces and bake it in two bread pans or bake it as two round free-form loaves. You can also bake it as one large round loaf. Place the shaped dough in lightly greased bread pans or on a baking sheet. Let the dough rise until almost doubled again.   Fifteen minutes before you bake the bread, preheat your oven.   For two loaves: Preheat to 350°F and bake for 35 to 40 minutes.   For one large loaf: Preheat your oven to 400°F. Bake for 1 hour, lowering the temperature 25°F after the first 15 minutes and every 15 minutes thereafter (your final baking temperature should be 325°F).  Store, well-wrapped, at room temperature for 5 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    