No-Knead Cheese Burger Buns
    
    Everyone loves the ease of no-knead yeast breads. This version calls for you to beat all the ingredients in a mixing bowl for just 2 minutes. From there, it's an easy path to these big, soft, cheese-scented buns, perfect for hamburgers.
    
       326g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Vermont cheese powder or 2 ounces finely grated sharp cheddar or Parmesan cheese 3/4 teaspoon salt* 1 teaspoon onion powder, optional but tasty 1 tablespoon sugar 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 57g softened butter 1 large egg 152 to 170g lukewarm water** *Use 1 teaspoon salt if you use freshly grated cheese **Use the greater amount of liquid in winter or in drier climates; the lesser amount in summer, or in a humid environment.  Topping  28g melted butter 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients, and beat at high speed, using an electric mixer, for 2 minutes. To use your bread machine, put everything in the bucket, and let the dough go through its dough or manual cycle; skip to step 3 below if you're using a bread machine.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or rising bucket, cover it, and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until it's noticeably puffy.  Gently deflate the dough, and divide it into 6 pieces; each will be about 111g, a scant 4 ounces.  Shape the dough into balls, and place them in the wells of a lightly greased hamburger bun pan.   If you don't have a bun pan, space them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.  Gently flatten the buns with your hand to fill the bottom of the pan's wells, or until they're about 3 1/2" to 4" wide.   Cover the buns, and let them rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until they're noticeably puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Brush each bun with some of the melted butter.  Bake the buns for 16 to 19 minutes, until they're a light, golden brown, and their interior temperature is at least 190°F, measured with an instant-read thermometer.  Remove the buns from the oven, transfer them to a rack, and brush with the remaining melted butter. Allow the buns to cool completely, then store airtight at room temperature.  Yield: 6 big buns.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make a poppy or sesame seed star pattern on your buns: Brush each bun with a mixture of 1 egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon water. Gently place a star stencil on top of a bun and sprinkle on a light layer of seeds. Remove the stencil to reveal the pattern. Repeat with the remaining buns. 
    