No-Knead Harvest Grains Bread
    
    The strength and mellow flavor of multiple grains make this bread great for toasting, or for sandwiches stuffed with summer's best produce.
    
       390g High-Gluten Flour or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour 149g Harvest Grains Blend 2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon instant yeast 397g cool water 
    
     Directions   Note: Thanks to reader feedback, we've re-tested this recipe and have incorporated some helpful tips to yield a lighter, higher-rising loaf.  Using your hands or a mixer at slow speed, mix all the ingredients until the flour has been incorporated and a sticky dough forms. Continue to knead the dough gently for 2 to 3 minutes longer until it is somewhat smooth.  Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let the dough rest at room temperature overnight, or for at least 8 hours; it'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit.  Turn the dough out onto a floured surface, and form it into a round loaf to fit a 9" to 10" round lidded baking crock.   Place the dough in the lightly greased crock, smooth side up. Cover with the lid and let rise at room temperature for about 90 minutes. It won't appear to rise upwards that much; rather, it'll seem to settle and expand.  Put the bread in a cold oven, and set the oven temperature to 450째F.   Bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes, then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes, until it becomes deep brown in color, and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205째F.   Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out onto a rack, and cool before slicing.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you don't have a lidded baking crock, bake the bread in a long covered baker following the same recipe directions. Alternatively, bake the bread in a 9" x 5" loaf pan for 60 to 70 minutes.To add slashes to the bread, as pictured: once the loaf is risen, slash it three or four times on the diagonal, and re-cover with the lid. Bake in a preheated 400째F oven for 40 to 45 minutes, then remove the lid and continue to bake until it becomes deep brown in color, and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205째F. If you have a Dutch oven or bread baking crock that can be preheated (like our bread and potato pot) check out the method we use in this post from our blog. 
    