Nutty-Fruity sourdough
    
    This dense, moist, gently tangy bread makes wonderful breakfast toast. Or slice it very thin, and spread it with cream cheese or butter — what a treat!
    
       227g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  227g water 78g pumpernickel flour 298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon instant yeast 184g Fruitcake Fruit Blend or the dried fruits of your choice 113g chopped nuts (pecans, walnuts, or almonds) 
    
     Directions   Mix all of the ingredients (except the fruit and nuts) by hand, mixer, or bread machine until you've created a smooth, elastic dough. Because the consistency of sourdough starters vary, you may need to add a bit of extra flour or water; the dough should be medium-soft but not sticky.  Add the dried fruit and nuts, kneading until they're evenly incorporated. Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover, and let rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Turn the dough onto a lightly greased or floured surface, and form it into a fat log. Place the log into an Italian stoneware baker that's been greased on the bottom, or onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.  Cover the loaf, and let it rise for 1 hour, or until it springs back very slowly when lightly pressed.  If you're baking in a covered stoneware baker, place the bread into a cold oven, set the oven to 400°F, and bake for 40 minutes. Check the bread, and bake for a bit longer, if necessary; the internal temperature should be about 190°F when measured on an instant-read thermometer. Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack.  If you're baking on a sheet pan, preheat the oven to 375°F, and bake for 28 to 32 minutes, until the bread is brown. Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Need some sourdough starter to get started? See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head-start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter.  
    