Oatmeal & Brown Sugar Toasting Bread
    
    This take on classic oatmeal bread features the lighter taste of brown sugar, as opposed to the molasses usually used. We feel the flavor of the oats shines through more fully when it's not masked by molasses.
    
       397g boiling water 99g rolled oats 78g steel-cut oats or Irish oatmeal, uncooked 53g brown sugar 333g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dried milk 1 3/4 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 21g milled flaxseed or 14g vegetable oil 
    
     Directions   To make the dough manually or with an electric mixer: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine the boiling water, oats, steel-cut oats and sugar.  Stir the mixture once or twice to combine, then set it aside to cool to lukewarm.   Add the remaining ingredients, stirring until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface, oil your hands, and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it begins to become smooth and supple. This is a stiff dough, but just keep working at it; it'll become smooth and elastic.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket, cover the bowl or bucket, and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk, about 1 hour, depending on the warmth of your kitchen.  To make the dough using a bread machine: Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine, program the machine for Manual or Dough, and press Start.   Take a look at the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle, and adjust its consistency with additional water or flour, as necessary, to produce a smooth, supple dough.   Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  To shape the dough: Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and form it into a loaf.  Place the loaf in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pan.  Cover the pan and let the bread rise for 1 hour, or until it's just crowned over the edge of the pan.  Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes, or until it's golden brown and its internal temperature is about 200°F. Note: This bread has a tendency to brown quickly (and underbake in the center), so plan on tenting it lightly with aluminum foil about 20 minutes before the end of the baking time.  Remove the bread from the oven, and turn it out onto a wire rack to cool completely.  Store, well-wrapped, for 5 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    