Old-Fashioned Oatmeal Bread
    
    What's a nicer way to begin the day than with a warm, crunchy slice of oatmeal toast? With all the great new artisan breads out there, some of America's favorite pan breads seem to be getting short shrift. Personally, we'd no more give up our white, oatmeal and whole wheat sandwich loaves than we would our favorite baguettes or focaccia. Each has its place in our world, and there's nothing like good old American pan bread for sandwiches and toast.
    
       301g boiling water 99g old-fashioned rolled oats 50g vegetable oil 85g molasses 333g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 1 tablespoon King Arthur Whole-Grain Bread Improver, optional; for best rise 
    
     Directions   Combine the boiling water, oats, oil, and molasses in a large bowl, or in the bucket of your bread machine set on the dough cycle. Stir, and allow to cool until barely warm, about 15 to 20 minutes.   Add the remaining ingredients and mix and knead them — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to form a soft, slightly sticky, craggy dough.   Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise until it's puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours. If you're using a bread machine, allow the machine to complete its dough cycle.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface. Shape it into a log, and place it in a well-greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and allow the bread to rise for 45 to 60 minutes. When fully risen, the crown of the bread should be about 1" above the rim of the pan.    Remove the plastic, and bake the loaf for about 35 minutes in a pre-heated 350°F. A digital thermometer will register at least 190°F when inserted into the center. This bread can brown quickly, so check during the baking time and tent it lightly with foil if needed.  Remove the loaf from the oven, turn it out of the pan, and cool it on its side on a rack. The bread is delicate coming out of the oven, and setting it upright on the rack may cause it to sag.   Allow the  bread to cool completely before slicing. This bread makes excellent toast, peanut butter-banana sandwiches, turkey clubs, or any kind of sandwich. It's also yummy just sliced and spread with butter and jam.    Yield: 1 loaf, 16 slices.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Add 1 tablespoon granular lecithin, if desired, for increased softness. 
    