Onion & Bacon Rolls
    
    Ausytes, a Lithuanian Christmas specialty, are soft, tender buns, filled with a savory mixture of bacon and onions. We can see these rolls accompanying cauliflower-cheese soup; or serve them at breakfast, with scrambled eggs.
    
     Dough  227g lukewarm milk 57g butter, melted 1 large egg + 1 egg white (save the yolk for the glaze) 454g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 53g rye flour (white, medium or pumpernickel) or 57g ounces King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 25g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt  Filling  454g bacon 510g chopped onions 1 teaspoon mustard seeds 1 teaspoon paprika 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, ground salt, to taste  Topping  1 egg yolk, reserved from dough 11g vegetable oil poppy seeds, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough by hand or with a mixer: In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine all of the dough ingredients, and mix until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl. (If you're using a stand mixer, use the flat beater for this step.)  Cover the bowl and let this shaggy mass rest for 15 minutes or so, to absorb the liquid and make it easier to knead.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased or floured surface, and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it's smooth and shiny. Or knead it in a mixer, using the dough hook.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or rising bucket, turn to coat, cover the container with plastic wrap, and let the dough rise for 1 hour, or until it's increased its volume by at least a third.  To make the dough with a bread machine: Place all the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Program the machine for dough or manual, and press Start.  Check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle and adjust its consistency as necessary by adding additional milk or flour to form a soft, smooth ball. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  To make the filling: While the dough is rising, cut the bacon into 1/4" pieces (a pair of scissors works well here).  Place the bacon into a large sauté pan and cook until it just begins to become crisp.  Drain as much of the fat as you can, add the chopped onions, and cook until they're golden brown.  Stir in the mustard seeds, paprika and ground black pepper. Adjust the seasonings to taste. Let the filling cool.  To combine: Turn the risen dough out onto a very lightly greased or floured work surface, knead it briefly to expel any excess carbon dioxide, and form the dough into a rough log.  Divide the dough into 16 pieces. Roll each piece into a loose ball, cover the balls, and let them rest for 15 minutes.  With a rolling pin or the palm of your hand, flatten the balls into 4" circles. Flour the work surface, rolling pin, and your hand as needed.  Place a generous teaspoon of filling into the center of each piece of dough.  Pull the dough "pouch" up around the filling, pleating and pinching the top to seal well.  Place these pouches seam-side-down onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, or into a 9" x 13" pan, leaving about 1 inch between them.  Cover and let the rolls rise until very puffy looking, about 1 hour (if your kitchen is warm; longer if they're in a cool spot).  Preheat the oven to 375°F.  To make the topping: In a small bowl, beat the reserved egg yolk with the tablespoon of oil.  Brush this mixture over the tops of the rolls and, if desired, sprinkle the rolls with poppy seeds.  Bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes, until they're golden brown.  Remove the rolls from the oven and allow them to cool briefly on a rack. Serve the rolls warm.  Store, wrapped, at room temperature for 3 days, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This recipe was inspired by one in Bernard Clayton's New Complete Book of Breads, a wonderful compendium of international breads.  
    