Orange-Scented Cinnamon Rolls
    
    These soft, tender-rolls bake on top of a sweet glaze; invert them after baking and the molten glaze drips down over the surface. Orange zest in the filling adds a bright flavor, and the walnuts give the rolls a welcome crunch. 
    
     Dough  113g unsalted butter, softened 113g warm water 227g buttermilk 2 teaspoons instant yeast 25g light brown sugar 1 teaspoon salt 482g to 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Topping  43g unsalted butter, softened 106g light brown sugar 1/8 teaspoon salt 43g honey or maple syrup  Filling  zest (grated rind) of 1 orange 113g unsalted butter, softened 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 213g light brown sugar 113g chopped walnuts 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Place the softened butter in a large mixing bowl. Pour the warm water over the butter, then add the buttermilk, yeast, sugar, salt, and 4 cups of the flour. Mix until a soft dough forms.   Knead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes, adding more flour from the remaining 1/2 cup as needed to form a dough that's soft but not sticky. Cover the dough and let it rise for 45 minutes, or until doubled.   To make the topping: Generously coat the inside of a 9" x 13" pan with the softened butter. Sprinkle the brown sugar and salt over the butter, then drizzle with honey or syrup.   To make the filling: Combine the orange zest with the butter. Stir the cinnamon into the brown sugar.   To assemble: On a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough into a 10" x 16" rectangle. Spread the orange butter over the dough, leaving 1/2" on one of the long edges uncovered. Sprinkle the brown sugar mixture and nuts over the butter. Roll the dough up toward the uncovered edge (the long way), pinching to seal.   Cut the log into 12 rolls, and lay each one cut side up in the prepared baking dish. Cover and let rise for 30 minutes, while you preheat the oven to 400°F.   Bake the rolls for 20 to 23 minutes, until the tops are evenly golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and let stand for 3 minutes before inverting the pan over a serving platter. Remove the pan, and if needed use a spatula to scrape out any remaining butter and sugar mixture, spreading it back onto the rolls.   
    
    
    