Orange Sweet Rolls
    
    These sweet rolls are perfect for citrus lovers. Rolled up like cinnamon buns, they feature orange marmalade filling and orange-scented icing. 
    
     Rolls  198g to 255g lukewarm water* 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g unsalted butter, at room temperature 1 teaspoon Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor, optional 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast, SAF Gold instant yeast preferred 35g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 43g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes *Use the lesser amount in summer (or in a humid environment), the greater amount in winter (or in a dry climate), and somewhere in between the rest of the year, or if your house is climate controlled.  Filling  78g orange marmalade  Icing  142 confectioners' sugar 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract or 1/8 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia 21g to 28g orange juice, enough to make a soft, spreadable icing 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead everything together — by hand, mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you've made a smooth dough. If you're kneading in a stand mixer, it should take about 7 minutes at second speed, and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl, perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom. In a bread machine (or by hand), it should form a smooth ball.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise, at room temperature, until it's nearly doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Rising may take longer, especially if you haven't used SAF Gold yeast, or if you've kneaded by hand; give the dough enough time to become quite puffy.  While the dough is rising, lightly grease two 9" round cake pans.  Transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface, and pat or roll it into a 16" x 12" rectangle. It's a nice, soft dough, and pats out easily.   Spread the marmalade evenly over the surface of the dough, leaving about 3/4" of one long side free of marmalade.  Roll the dough into a log the long way, rolling towards the bare edge. When the log is completely rolled, pinch the long seam closed as best you can.  Using a serrated knife, slice the log into 16 slices. In order to cut down on drag, it helps to rinse the blade in hot water and wipe it off between slices.   Space eight rolls in each of the prepared pans.   Cover the pans, and let the rolls rise until they're noticeably puffy, about 45 minutes to 1 hour (again, longer if you haven't used SAF Gold yeast); they should spread out and start to crowd one another.   While the rolls are rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the rolls until they're brown around the edges and beginning to turn golden brown across the center, about 23 to 25 minutes.   If you're going to serve the rolls immediately, make the icing while the rolls are baking. Combine the sugar, orange oil, vanilla, and enough orange juice to make a spreadable icing. If you're not serving the rolls immediately, don't make the icing yet.  Remove the rolls from the oven, and loosen their edges with a knife. Turn them out of the pan onto a rack. To enjoy right away, spread with the icing and serve.   To serve the rolls later, allow them to cool completely, then wrap in plastic wrap and store at room temperature for up to 3 days. Shortly before you're ready to serve, preheat the oven to 350°F. Unwrap the rolls, place them on an ungreased baking sheet, and tent lightly with aluminum foil. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until they're nicely warmed.    While the rolls are reheating, make the icing.  Remove the rolls from the oven, and spread with the icing. Serve immediately.  Yield: 16 rolls.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  SAF Gold yeast makes a big difference in the rising time for these rolls. If you use SAF Gold, each rise will take about 45 minutes; using another yeast will extend the rising time up to about 2 hours for each rise.Not a fan of orange marmalade? Substitute apricot preserves, if desired; the rolls won't be as "orange-y," but will be delicious nonetheless.  
    