Our Favorite Sticky Buns
    
    With milk, potato, eggs, AND sour cream in the dough, these syrup- and nut-topped buns are moist, tender... and packed with flavor. 
    
     Dough  482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk 46g potato flour, cornstarch, or instant potato flakes 28g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver; optional, but helpful for rolling 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast  50g granulated sugar 113g lukewarm water 227g sour cream 2 large eggs 2 teaspoons Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor or vanilla extract  Filling  152g Baker's Cinnamon Filling* mixed with 1/4 cup water* *See "tips," below.  Topping  85g melted butter 106g brown sugar 50g Sticky Bun Sugar* 113g diced pecans or walnuts *See "tips," below. 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Whisk the dry ingredients together, then stir in the water, sour cream, eggs, and flavor. Mix and knead — by hand, mixer or bread machine — until you've made a very soft, smooth dough.   Allow the dough to rise, covered, for about 1 to 2 hours; it'll become slightly puffy, but won't double in bulk.  While the dough is rising, prepare the pan(s): use a 9" x 13" pan, or two 9" round pans.  To make the topping: Spread the melted butter in the bottom of the pan, and sprinkle the sugars over it. Spread the diced nuts over the sugars.  To assemble the buns: Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and roll it into a 16" x 20" rectangle. Spread it with the cinnamon filling, leaving an uncovered strip about 1" wide along one short edge of the dough.   Starting with the filling-covered short edge, roll the dough into a log, and slice it into 16 slices, each about 1" wide.   Place the buns in the prepared pan(s), leaving about 1/2" between them. Cover the pan(s), and let the buns rise for 90 minutes; again, they won't rise much, they'll just seem to spread a bit. Want to shape the buns, then refrigerate overnight and bake the next day? See "tips," below.  Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  To bake the buns: Bake the sticky buns for 35 to 40 minutes, tenting them lightly with aluminum foil for the final 5 minutes if they appear to be browning too quickly. The finished buns will be golden brown.   Remove the buns from the oven, loosen their edges with a knife, and carefully turn them out onto a rack or parchment-covered sheet pan to cool, scraping any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns.    Serve warm, or at room temperature. Store leftovers at room temperature, well wrapped, for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  We love the creamy color and satisfying flavor potato flour lends these buns, but if you don't have it (or potato flakes), substitute cornstarch (or 1/4 cup additional all-purpose flour).For buns that are less sticky but still delicious, substitute additional brown sugar for the Sticky Bun Sugar.No Baker's Cinnamon Filling in your pantry? Substitute with 8 tablespoons softened butter, 1 cup brown sugar, and 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, mixed together until smooth. Omit the water listed with the Baker's Cinnamon Filling.Want to prep buns the night before, and bake in the morning? Make the dough, shape the buns, and place them in the pan (with the glaze); don't let them rise. Place the pan of buns in the refrigerator for up to 16 hours before you want to serve hot buns. Remove the buns from the fridge, and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour. Bake them in a preheated 350°F oven for 35 minutes, until they're golden brown and the filling is bubbly. 
    