Panforte (of a sort)
    
    More a confection than a cake, Italian panforte is a dense, sweet/nutty native of Siena, where its presence around Christmas time can be traced back nearly a thousand years. Its spicy, chewy texture is an entirely welcome alternative to the American traditional batter-style fruitcake.
    
       142g whole hazelnuts, toasted and skinned (See "tips", below.) 142g whole blanched almonds, toasted (See "tips", below.) 156g dates, chopped 170g golden raisins 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind 57g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg 1/8 teaspoon black pepper 149g granulated sugar 255g honey 28g butter confectioners' sugar, for topping 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 300°F.  Lightly grease a 9" removable bottom pan or spring form pan, or a 9" round cake pan. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment, and grease the parchment.  Chop the hazelnuts and almonds coarsely.  In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine the nuts, dates, raisins, lemon oil or rind, flour, and spices. Set aside.  In a small saucepan, bring the sugar, honey and butter to a boil over medium heat, and simmer until the syrup registers about 245°F (between soft and firm ball stage) on an instant-read thermometer. This will happen quite quickly, so pay attention.  Pour the syrup onto the dry ingredients in the bowl and mix thoroughly. You need to work quickly, or the mixture will harden. Scoop the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top.  Bake the panforte in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the edges are just beginning to brown.  Remove it from the oven, and let it rest for 10 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the pan, and allow the panforte to cool to room temperature in the pan.  Turn the panforte out of the pan onto a clean work surface, and peel off the parchment paper. Sprinkle it heavily with confectioners' sugar, and cut it into small (about 1" square) pieces.  Store the panforte in an airtight container for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Toast nuts in a preheated 325°F oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they begin to smell and they're golden brown. Place the hazelnuts in a towel and rub vigorously to remove the papery skin. 
    