Peach Cobbler à la Bread Machine
    
    Cobbler is a wonderful year-round treat, especially when it's made with the freshest fruits of the season. In summer, there's nothing better than peach cobbler made with truly ripe peaches. But in winter? Frozen peaches will do just fine. Your Zojirushi bread machine does double duty as a mini-oven here.
    
     Filling  5 or 6 ripe peaches (about 907g unpeeled), peeled, pitted, and sliced; or 907g frozen sliced peaches*   135g sugar 28g lemon juice 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 46g King Arthur Pie Filling Enhancer** 1/8 teaspoon salt *If using frozen peaches, be sure they're thawed and at room temperature before proceeding. **Don't have Pie Filling Enhancer? See "tips", below.  Topping  177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour heaping 1/4 teaspoon salt 35g sugar  1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 57g cold butter, cut into pieces 113g milk or cream 
    
     Directions   Remove the paddles from the machine's bucket. Program the machine for bake, 70 minutes; add the keep-warm option if desired. Lightly grease the inside of the bucket.  To make the filling: Combine all of the filling ingredients, and spoon into the bucket.  To make the topping: Whisk together the flour, salt, sugar, and baking powder.  Using a pastry cutter, a fork, or your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture is crumbly.  Add the milk or cream, stirring just until combined.  Pat the biscuit topping over the fruit.  Place the bucket in the machine, and press start.  When the machine has completed the bake cycle, serve immediately; or leave the cobbler in the machine on the keep-warm cycle. The juice in the filling will be quite liquid if served right away, which isn't necessarily a bad thing; gently crush the biscuit topping to absorb the liquid. If you prefer a more solid cobbler, wait about 20 minutes; the filling will firm up a bit.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Best, easiest, and fastest way to peel peaches? See our knife-free peeling tip.Pie Filling Enhancer, a combination of extra-fine sugar, thickener, and ascorbic acid, improves both the flavor of the fruit, and provides the necessary thickening. Replace it with 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with the sugar before adding to the fruit, if desired. If you make this substitution, increase the sugar in the recipe to 3/4 cup.This cobbler can also be baked in a 9" round cake pan in a conventional oven. Cut 2" biscuits, and lay them atop the filling in the lightly greased pan. Brush them with milk or melted butter, for best browning. You'll have some dough left over; simply shape and bake these biscuits separately, if desired. Bake the cobbler in a preheated 350°F oven for about 50 minutes, until it's bubbling and the biscuits are a light golden brown. 
    