Peanut Butter and Jelly Bread
    
    While baguettes, brioche and classic sandwich loaves remain the standards of the baking world, occasionally bread can take on the trendiness of a pop star.  A loaf of oatmeal bread, swirled with creamy peanut butter and bright, sweet jelly, offers a fun all-in-one punch to a ordinary sandwich combination.
    
     Oat Mixture  100g rolled oats 170g honey 57g butter 1 tablespoon salt 340g boiling water  Dough  2 1/4 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast 113g water 1 teaspoon honey 418g  to 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 227g King Arthur Premium Whole Wheat Flour  Filling  269g peanut butter, at room temperature 206g jam or jelly 
    
     Directions   To make the oat mixture: Combine all the ingredients in a large bowl. Let cool to lukewarm.  Combine the yeast, water, honey and 1/2 cup of all-purpose flour. Let rest for ten minutes.  When the oats have cooled to room temperature, stir in the yeast mixture. Add all of the whole wheat flour. Gradually knead in the unbleached flour as needed to make a smooth and satiny dough.   Oil a bowl, place the dough in the bowl, turn the dough to coat it, and cover the bowl.  Allow the dough to rise until puffy, about 90 minutes.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter. Knead it a little bit to expel any air bubbles. Divide the dough into two equal pieces. Roll each into a rectangle about 9" x 15".  Smear 1/2 cup of peanut butter and 1/3 cup of jelly on the first rectangle. Maintain a 1" border on all sides.  Roll up the dough, starting with a long side. Pinch the seam together and pinch the ends together. Place the roll in a greased 9" x 5" bread pan. Repeat with the second rectangle of dough.  Let the loaves rise until they have risen 1" over the top of the pan, about 45 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the loaves for 35 to 45 minutes, until they are nicely browned and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom.  Cool on a rack, then store at room temperature for 4 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    