Pillow Bread
    
    These mild-flavored, golden rounds earn their name via their texture: both inside and out, they're soft enough to imagine using as a pillow! Served as is, they're a wonderful soup, stew or salad "go-with." Or top the baked breads with meat and cheese, or sauteed vegetables, or your choice of pizza-type toppings, bake just to heat the toppings, and you've got a great open-faced sandwich.
    
     Starter  113g Pastry Flour Blend or 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (See "tips," below.) 74g cool water (See "tips," below.) 1/8 teaspoon instant yeast  Dough  All of the starter 226g Pastry Flour Blend or 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 teaspoon instant yeast 31g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 92g unseasoned riced potatoes (about 1 small-to-medium baking potato) or 46g potato flour or 57g dried potato flakes (See "tips," below.) 43g butter 1 egg 74g water 
    
     Directions   In a small mixing bowl, combine the flour, water and yeast. Mix to form a soft dough, cover the bowl, and let the dough rest at room temperature overnight.  Using your hands, an electric mixer, a food processor or bread machine, mix and knead together all of the ingredients to form a smooth, soft, slightly sticky dough.  Allow the dough to rise at room temperature, in a covered bowl, for 2 hours; gently deflate it after 1 hour, then cover and allow it to rise again.  Divide the dough into eight balls; each will be about 3 1/8 ounces, or about the size of a handball. Cover the dough balls, and refrigerate them while you preheat your oven to 500°F. If you have an oven stone, put it on the oven's lower shelf.  Roll the dough balls until they're about 1/4"-thick round disks; they'll be about 5" to 5 1/2" in diameter, and look like large pancakes. If you're using a baking stone, put a piece of parchment paper on a large baker's peel.  Place the disks, four at a time, onto the parchment, leaving about 1" between them. Use the peel to slide parchment and disks onto the hot stone.   Bake them until their bottoms are light brown, about 3 1/2 minutes. Flip them over, and bake them for an additional 90 seconds; their tops should be starting to color. Remove them from the oven, and repeat with the remaining four disks.   If you don't have a baking stone, place the disks, four at a time, on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Place the pan in the lower third of the oven, and bake the disks as directed above, increasing the time slightly.   Serve the breads warm, or place them, while they're still very slightly warm, in a plastic bag, and serve them later. A toaster does a good job reheating them.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you use our unbleached all-purpose flour rather than our Pastry Flour Blend, increase the water in the starter to 1/2 cup (4 ounces, 113g). If you use potato flour or flakes rather than riced potato, increase the water by 4 teaspoons.   
    