Pink Lemonade Tea Buns
    
    These lemony sweet buns, colored a pretty pink by the cherries, spread with butter or cream cheese (and jam, if you like) are a nice mid-morning or afternoon snack.
    
     Dough  227g lukewarm water 113g unsalted butter, soft 2 large eggs 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 teaspoon lemon zest 14g lemonade concentrate, plain or pink 2 teaspoons salt 50g sugar 524g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or 539g Pastry Flour Blend 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk 2 teaspoons instant yeast 142g dried sweet cherries, chopped; or 113g dried cranberries, chopped  Glaze  43g unsalted butter, melted 21g honey 14g lemonade concentrate, plain or pink 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth and supple dough. If you're using a bread machine, add the cherries toward the end of the kneading cycle, to keep them somewhat intact.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours, or until it's puffy, though it may not have doubled in bulk. If using a bread machine, allow the dough to continue to rise for 30 more minutes after the end of the cycle.  Lightly grease two 9" round cake pans.  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface, and divide it into 20 pieces, each about 2" in diameter. Allow the pieces to rest, covered, for 10 minutes.  Round the dough into balls, and place them in the prepared cake pans.  Cover the pans, and allow the buns to rise for about 1 1/2 hours, or until they're nice and puffy and have filled the pans.  To make the glaze: While the buns are rising, combine the glaze ingredients, and set aside. Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake the buns for 16 minutes, remove them from the oven, and brush them with the glaze.  Return the buns to the oven and bake for an additional 5 to 8 minutes, until they're golden brown.  Remove the buns from the oven, and transfer them to a wire rack. Brush them with the remaining glaze, and cool.  Store the buns well-wrapped at room temperature for 3 days, or frozen for a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Serve with jam and whipped cream cheese, and a tall glass of iced tea or lemonade. 
    