Pretzel Sandwich Buns
    
    Soft pretzels are always a favorite. We've discovered that their distinctive texture and flavor also complements many varieties of sandwich fillings. In particular, we like these buns with a generous scoop of maple-mustard chicken salad.
    
     Dough  397g warm water 28g unsalted butter  3/4 teaspoon salt  539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Topping  pretzel salt or coarse sea salt; e.g., Sel Gris  Water Bath  1814g water 14g salt 57g baking soda 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — to make a smooth, slightly sticky dough.   Allow the dough to rise in a lightly greased bowl, covered, for about 1 hour, until doubled.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface.   Divide the dough into 10 pieces and shape each piece into a smooth ball.   Place the balls on a lightly greased baking sheet, cover, and let rest for 15 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 400°F.   Prepare the water bath: Bring the water, salt, and baking soda to a boil in a large pot.  Drop 5 dough balls at a time into the water bath.   Cook for 30 seconds, flip over, and cook for 30 seconds longer. Using a slotted spoon, return the buns to the baking sheet.  Using scissors or a sharp knife, cut 1/2"-deep crosses into the center of each bun. Sprinkle with coarse sea salt.   Bake the buns for 20 to 24 minutes, or until they're a deep-dark brown. Remove them from the oven, and transfer to a rack to cool.  Yield: 10 buns  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Our easy pretzel mix makes wonderful sandwich rolls. Use the directions on the mix box to bring the dough through its first 30-minute rise. Divide the dough into six pieces and form them into balls, flattening them slightly so that they're more disk-shaped. Let the buns rest for 15 minutes, and prepare the water bath as instructed on the box. Place the buns in the water bath, and cook for 20 to 30 seconds on each side. Snip and salt the buns as directed in the recipe above. Transfer the buns to the well-greased cups of a hamburger bun pan (or a parchment-lined baking sheet), and bake in a preheated 400°F oven for 18 to 22 minutes, until they're a deep golden brown. Remove them from the oven and cool on a rack. Yield: 6 pretzel buns. 
    