Provolone Oregano Focaccia
    
    Focaccia is a dimpled flat bread from Italy. It's perfect any time of the year, but is especially wonderful using the herbs from a summer garden.
    
       2 cloves garlic, finely chopped 67g olive oil 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast 340g warm (110°F) water 7g sugar 1 teaspoon salt 113g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 163g semolina flour 113g finely diced Provolone cheese 7g fresh oregano leaves (See "tips", below.) 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 
    
     Directions   Heat garlic and oil over medium heat until garlic begins to brown slightly. Remove from heat and cool.   In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften.  Add sugar, salt, 2 tablespoons of the cooled garlic/olive oil mixture, whole wheat flour, semolina flour, provolone cheese, and oregano.  Beat vigorously for 2 minutes.  Gradually add flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead.  Turn dough out onto a floured surface. Knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.  Put dough into an oiled bowl. Turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with towel and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.  Turn dough onto a lightly oiled work surface. Press with hands into a 14" circle. Do not remove all the air; big holes make the bread more interesting.  Put in a 14" round deep-dish pizza pan. Press the dough to the edges. Cover and let rise for 25 minutes.  Dimple the dough — press all the way to the bottom of the pan with fingertips. Each hole should be about 1" from the next. Cover the dough and let rise for 20 minutes more.  Just before baking, drizzle the top of the dough with the remaining garlic/olive oil mixture, allowing it to puddle in the dimples.  Bake in a preheated 400°F oven for 25 minutes, or until done.  Immediately remove bread from pan and put on a wire rack. Focaccia is best eaten slightly warm, or at room temperature.  Store, well-wrapped, for 3 days at room temperature. Freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  While fresh oregano is suggested, thyme, basil, sage or parsley are also good on focaccia. If you don't have any fresh herbs, use 2 teaspoons dried oregano instead. 
    