Pumpernickel Bagels
    
    These bagels use a favorite product of ours, Pumpernickel Artisan Bread Flavor, which adds rich rye flavor to this soft and chewy bagel.  Note: Since we no longer carry the pumpernickel artisan bread flavor that we used in developing this recipe, as of 11/14/17 it calls for alternate ingredients.
    
     Dough  333g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 96g pumpernickel flour 14g rye bread improver 14g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar 1 tablespoon black cocoa, for dark pumpernickel color 2 teaspoons salt 283g water 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Water bath  1814g water 28g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar 14g granulated sugar 
    
     Directions   Combine the dough ingredients and mix and knead – by hand, mixer, or bread machine – until a stiff smooth dough forms.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Let it rise, covered, until noticeably puffy, 60 to 90 minutes.   Divide the dough into eight pieces. Roll one piece at a time into a smooth ball. Let the balls rest, covered, for 30 minutes; they'll puff slightly.   Bring the water, malt powder, and sugar to a very gentle boil in a wide-rimmed pot. Preheat the oven to 425°F.   Cut or poke a hole through the center of each ball. Stretch the hole with your fingers until it's 2" in diameter. Place the bagels on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.   Transfer bagels, four at a time, to the simmering water. Cook for 2 minutes on one side, flip over gently, and cook for another minute.    Remove the bagels from the water and return to the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining bagels.   Bake the bagels for 25 minutes, until they're set and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of one registers at least 190°F.    Remove the bagels from the oven, and cool on a rack.     
    
     Tips from our bakers  To top your bagels with our Everything Bread & Bagel Topping, sesame seeds, salt, poppy seeds, etc., simply brush the unbaked bagels with a glaze made of 1 egg white beaten until frothy with 1 tablespoon of water. Sprinkle heavily with your chosen topping just before baking. While the rye bread improver is optional, we recommend it to help improve the rise, texture, and flavor of the bagels. Turning the bagels over after about 15 minutes of baking will help them stay round. 
    