Reuben Strata
    
    This classic corned-beef packed sandwich appears in casserole form, for an easy, make-ahead way to feed a crowd and still spend time with your guests.
    
       319g well-drained sauerkraut 6 large eggs 113g milk 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 18 slices rye bread, divided 198g Russian dressing, divided 2 pounds sliced corned beef 170 to 227g sliced Swiss cheese 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 350°F. Generously butter a 9" x 13" casserole dish.  Place the drained sauerkraut on a parchment-lined baking sheet, spreading it out well, and bake for 20 minutes to dry it out. Remove it from the oven and cool.   While the sauerkraut is baking, beat the eggs with the milk and Worcestershire sauce in a shallow 2-quart dish. Take 9 slices of rye bread and trim them to be mostly square (save the trimmings). Dip the slices in the egg mixture (submerging them completely, then drain off any excess) and use them to line the bottom of the buttered casserole dish. Use the trimmings to fill in any gaps as needed (dip them first, too).  Spread the bread layer with 1/2 cup of Russian dressing. Put the dried sauerkraut over the dressing, and spread it evenly. Layer all the meat over the sauerkraut, and spread with the remaining 1/2 cup Russian dressing. Cover with a layer of sliced Swiss cheese.   Trim, then dip 9 more slices of rye bread, covering the top of the casserole completely. Cover with a layer of parchment, then foil. You can refrigerate overnight if you're making it ahead at this point.   Bake, covered, for 40 minutes (45 minutes if chilled overnight). After 40 minutes, uncover the pan and sprinkle with Parmesan, if desired. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes more, until the top is golden brown.    Remove the strata from the oven (the edges are likely to be a bit juicy), and let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes for the juices to be reabsorbed. Cut the strata into 9 large or 18 smaller squares.  Yield: 9 to 18 servings, depending on size.  
    
    
    