Robin's Ethereal Air Bread
    
    Here it is: the recipe for our awesome sandwich bread. Are you tired of homemade bread that tastes great but crumbles? Or, how about the loaf that comes out too small to make a sandwich? You know, the one that leaves you hungry at 3:30? Well, here's one solution.  This bread passes the ultimate test: spreading cool peanut butter without tearing the bread. Sturdy, light, and large: all the best traits are present in this particular loaf.
    
       454g room-temperature water (See "tips," below.) 25g sugar 11g active dry or instant yeast 723g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons barley malt syrup or powder 43g unsalted butter, softened 1 tablespoon salt 
    
     Directions   Dissolve the sugar in the water and add the yeast.  Stir in 1/2 cup of the all-purpose flour. Let this sit for about 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going.   Add the barley malt, the butter, the salt and about 3 cups of the flour to the yeast mixture. Stir well.  Add another cup or two of the flour, gradually, until you have formed a shaggy mass of dough.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it to create a smooth, supple — but tacky — dough.  Lightly grease a large bowl and place the dough in it, turning the dough to coat it with the oil. Cover the bowl and let the dough rise until puffy, about 1 1/2 hours.   Grease two 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pans.  Gently press the dough down in the bowl to expel all the air bubbles. Put the dough on the counter and divide it evenly into two pieces.  Form each piece of dough into a loaf and place in the prepared loaf pans.  Cover the loaves with a dough rising cover or greased plastic.   Let the loaves rise in a draft-free place until they have crowned to 2" above the top of the pans, about 30 to 45 minutes.  When the dough has about 15 minutes left to rise, preheat the oven to 325°F.  Bake the loaves for 35 to 45 minutes, until they are well-browned and sound hollow when thumped on the bottoms, or until their internal temperature reaches 190°F.   Place the loaves on a rack and brush with melted butter while still warm.  Store, well-wrapped, at room temperature for 4 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Substitute milk for all or part of the water. But, beware; the milk will prevent the bread from rising quite as high as it does when made with water.  
    