Rustic Italian Ciabatta
    
    This rustic Italian loaf is filled with irregular holes, all the better to trap a drizzle of olive oil. Cut lengthwise, ciabatta makes a wonderful Italian-style sandwich.
    
       340g cool water 418g King Arthur European-Style Artisan Bread Flour or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour, divided  2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast, divided  1 1/2 teaspoons salt  
    
     Directions   Stir the water, 2 cups of the flour, and 1 teaspoon of the yeast together, cover, and let rest at room temperature for several hours, or overnight.    Add the remaining flour, yeast, and salt, mixing vigorously until the dough begins to hold together. This is a very sticky dough; add more flour only if it's "soupy."   Place the dough in a lightly floured bowl. Let it rise for 1 hour, then gently deflate it. Let it rise another hour, then turn it out onto a liberally floured work surface or silicone rolling mat, and sprinkle lots of flour on top.  Flatten the dough to an 8" x 10" rectangle, about 3/4" thick, and cut it into two pieces, each about 4" x 10".  Transfer the loaves onto a piece of parchment, leaving about 6" between them. Cover with heavily oiled plastic wrap or a freestanding plastic cover, and let rise until they're very puffy, about 2 hours.   Preheat the oven to 500°F for 30 minutes. If you have a baking stone, place it in the oven when you start preheating, so it gets nice and hot.  Spritz the dough with water. If you're baking on a stone, transfer the bread to the stone, parchment and all. If you're using a pan, transfer the loaves on their parchment to a baking sheet, and place them on a middle rack of the oven. Lower the oven temperature to 425°F.    Bake the ciabatta until it's golden brown, approximately 22 to 25 minutes. Turn the oven off, place ciabatta on the oven's middle rack, crack the door open about 2", and allow ciabatta to cool completely in the turned-off oven. Fresh ciabatta is best enjoyed within a couple of days. For longer storage, wrap well and freeze.  
    
    
    