Rye Soda Bread
    
    When this soda bread came out of our test kitchen, it was a big hit with practically everyone who took a bite (or three, or five). The moist crumb counterbalances the crunchiness from the grains and seeds, and the slight sweetness complements the subtle earthiness of the whole grains. If you prefer the more traditional flavor of rye, we recommend you add the optional caraway seeds; we like the bread both with and without.
    
       120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 106g pumpernickel flour 110g Irish-Style Wholemeal Flour 113g Harvest Grains Blend 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda 1 teaspoon salt 7 to 14g caraway seeds, optional; for traditional rye flavor 99g vegetable oil 57g maple syrup 454g buttermilk 142g currants or raisins 
    
     Directions   Preheat the oven to 375°F. Lightly grease a 9"x 4"x 4" loaf pan or a 9" x 5" loaf pan.  Combine the flours, Harvest Grains Blend, baking soda, salt, and seeds in a large bowl.   In a separate bowl or measuring cup, whisk together the oil, maple syrup, and buttermilk.  Pour the liquid ingredients into the dry, stirring just until blended.   Fold in the currants or raisins.  Transfer the batter to the prepared pan, smoothing the top with a spatula.  Bake the bread for 70 to 75 minutes (60 to 65 minutes for a 9" x 5" pan), tenting it with foil if the top becomes too dark; a toothpick inserted into the center should come out clean.  Remove the bread from the oven. After 10 minutes, turn it out onto a rack to cool completely.  Yield: 1 loaf.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  You may notice some green spots when you slice into this loaf after it's cooled. Don't panic; these spots are sunflower seeds that have chemically reacted with the baking soda while in the oven. The bread is perfectly safe and tasty to eat.If our Irish-Style Wholemeal Flour isn't a pantry staple in your home, our Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour or White Whole Wheat Flour are fine substitutes. To make soda bread muffins: Divide the batter evenly among 12 lightly greased muffin cups. Bake for 16 to 18 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean. Remove the muffins from the oven, and after 5 minutes turn them out onto a rack to cool. 
    