Rye & Onion Pita with Reuben Filling
    
    Reinventing flavors and traditional combinations, this less bready version of a pita also allows for more spice in the Reuben filling. While lacking the scrumptiously finger-licking fried bread, this pita would be easy to pack and take tailgating before the homecoming game.
    
     Dough  454g warm water 25g sugar 1 scant tablespoon (1 packet) active dry yeast 106g to 213g pumpernickel (See "tips", below.) 25g to 50g vegetable oil, optional, to help the pitas stay fresh 1 scant tablespoon salt 142g onion, 64g scallions, or 43g chives; finely chopped 18g caraway seed (or dill seed) 482g to 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Filling  454g lean corned beef, sliced and cut into bite-sized pieces 71g onion, 32g ounces scallions, or 21g ounce chives (or more); chopped 71g (or more) sauerkraut, rinsed and squeezed fairly dry 113g grated Swiss cheese 21g (or more) capers, optional 170g mayonnaise 67g chili sauce 2 to 3 teaspoons horseradish, to taste 2 to 3 teaspoons sharp mustard, to taste 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Pour the water into a mixing bowl. Stir in the sugar, the yeast and about 2 cups of flour (using pumpernickel first, and all-purpose flour for any remaining volume).  Leave this sponge to begin to work and expand until it looks full and bubbly, about 30 minutes.  Mix in the optional oil, the salt, the onion, the seeds and a further 3 1/2 cups of flour.  Stir the dough together as well as you can in the bowl and then knead the dough on a floured surface, until the dough has come together, about 2 or 3 minutes.  Allow the dough to rest while you clean out and grease the bowl.  After this little rest, the flour will have better absorbed the moisture, the developing gluten will have relaxed, and the dough will feel less lumpy and more cohesive. Continue kneading until it's springy and smooth (or as smooth as it can be with onion pieces in it).  Shape the dough into a nice ball, place it in the greased bowl and turn it over so that the top has a thin film of grease on it.  Cover the bowl with a damp towel or plastic wrap and let the bread rise until it is not quite doubled in bulk. While the yeast is busy, make the filling.  To make the filling: Toss together the first 5 filling ingredients in a mixing bowl.  In a smaller bowl blend the remaining 4 ingredients.  Adjust any for taste and then gently stir into the corned beef mixture.  Chill the filling while finishing the pitas.  After the dough has risen, begin preheating your oven to 500°F.  Knock the dough down, knead out any stray bubbles and divide it into 8 pieces.  On a lightly floured surface, roll each out into a circle about 7" in diameter.  Place two each on a cornmeal-sprinkled baking sheet, cover with a damp cloth and let rest for at least 15 minutes.  After the circles have rested, place the baking sheet on the oven bottom (if you have a baking stone, place it on that), close the oven door and keep it shut for 2 minutes. It's this initial intense heat that begins to create the pocket. The outside of the dough bakes very quickly while the carbon dioxide bubbles inside expand and separate the top layer of the dough from the bottom.  After the initial 2 minutes, place the baking sheet on a rack higher up in the oven and continue baking for another 5 to 6 minutes. During this part of the baking process, the pitas should blow up like balloons.  When the pitas are done, remove the sheet from the oven and slide the pitas onto a cooling rack. As the gas inside them cools, they will deflate somewhat.  Once they are completely cool, you can press the balance of the gas out of them so you can slide them into an airtight bag until they're ready to be cut in half and filled.  Store a room temperature for 3 days, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Since the protein in rye flour or meal doesn't translate into "gluten" when it is mixed with a liquid, this dough won't have the stretch that an all-wheat dough will. If you use 2 cups of pumpernickel, a pocket is reluctant to form. It is easy enough to make one with a knife after the pitas have baked. If you want the pocket to happen by itself and if you don't mind a milder rye flavor, use only 1 cup of pumpernickel and increase the all-purpose flour by the same measure. 
    