Sandwich Bread and Devonshire Splits
    
    Splits are the sweet, plump yeast rolls served in the West Country with strawberry jam and double cream at a traditional "Cream Tea." They would be delightful while attending Royal Ascot (or simply viewing the fantastical hats).  This recipe makes enough dough for one 13" x 4" pain de mie pan; one 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan plus a half dozen Devonshire Splits; or a dozen and a half Devonshire Splits.
    
       283g water 21g nonfat dry milk 1 large egg 25g sugar 2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 57g softened butter or 46g shortening 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading to form a soft and supple dough.  Place the dough into a lightly greased bowl, and turn it over so the top has a thin film of grease on it. Cover the bowl and let rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until puffy.  Press the dough down and turn it out onto a lightly floured work surface. If you're making the splits, divide the dough in 18 pieces, a scant 2 ounces (56g) each. If you're opting to make one loaf and six splits, take about two-thirds of the dough, shape it into a loaf, and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" bread pan. Take the remaining dough and cut it into six even pieces, shape them into balls, and place them, seam-side down, on a small, lightly greased baking sheet.  Cover the rolls and allow to rise 15 to 20 minutes. Cover the loaf and rolls and let it rise for 45 minutes to an hour.  Bake the rolls for about 15 minutes at 425°F. Remove them from the oven and place them on a rack to cool.  Turn the oven down to 350°F and when the bread dough has risen just over the top edge of the bread pan, put it in the oven and bake it for 35 minutes. Remove it and cool it on a rack.  To make Devonshire Splits: Cut each roll from top to bottom on the diagonal, not quite all the way through. Open each one up; on one side spread strawberry jam, and on the other, clotted or Double Devon Cream (or even homemade sour cream, which is much like a light clotted cream).  Close the roll back up and, if you feel like being elegant, brush the top with a little melted butter and sprinkle on a bit of confectioners' sugar.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you serve these rolls with clotted cream and treacle (very similar to molasses) rather than clotted cream and jam, they're known as "Thunder and Lightning."According to food historian Elizabeth David, these are really Cornish splits, but can be called Devonshire Chudleighs when made in a smaller size. However, Brinna Sands believes the difference between the Devonshire and Cornish Split is the Tamar River, and which side of it you happen to be on. 
    