Savarin
    
    Savarin is a yeasted French dessert bread made as a batter. After baking the pastries are thoroughly soaked in a liqueur-laced syrup. It's very sweet, perfect to serve with fresh fruits. Though strawberries are traditional,  peaches, nectarines, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, or any combination of fruit provide a refreshing contrast. Special savarin pans are available, but a tube or Bundt pan will suffice.
    
     Bread  11g active dry yeast 57g warm water 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 35g sugar 1/2 teaspoon salt 3 large eggs, room temperature 113g unsalted butter, soft  Syrup  227g boiling water 149g sugar 28g lemon juice 57g Kirsch or other cherry-flavored liqueur  Topping  85g red currant jelly 667g strawberries whipped cream, crème fraîche, or fresh yogurt 
    
     Directions   To make the bread: In a large bowl, stir the yeast into warm water to soften.  Add the flour, sugar, salt and eggs to the yeast mixture. Beat for 2 minutes.  Cut the butter into eight pieces. Add one piece at a time to the yeast mixture. Beat well after each addition.  Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.  Press the dough down and scrape into a well-greased 6-cup savarin mold or Bundt pan. Cover and let rise for 1 1/2 hours.  While the savarin is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake for 35 minutes, or until it is golden and firm to the touch.   Remove the savarin from the mold and let cool. While it's cooling, make the syrup.  To make the syrup: Combine the boiling water, sugar and lemon juice. Stir until the sugar dissolves.  Bring the mixture to a rolling boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 5 minutes.  Remove from heat. Add the Kirsch.  Pour 1/2 cup of syrup into the savarin mold. Put the savarin back in the mold. Spoon the syrup over the top until the savarin has absorbed all the syrup. Let sit for 20 minutes.  Remove the savarin from the mold.  Heat the jelly to a liquid state. Brush it on all sides of the savarin.  Serve with fresh strawberries and large dollops of whipped cream, crème fraîche, or yogurt.  
    
    
    