Savory Bread Pudding
    
    This all-in-one casserole, with its soft, creamy texture, can be served for breakfast, lunch, dinner — or all three! In fact, it was such a huge hit out of our test kitchen that many people asked for a sneak peek at the recipe. Although simple, our secret to this custard-y entrée is making it with soft white sandwich bread; a pain  de mie, with its straight sides and tighter crumb, is especially suitable.
    
       1 pound pork sausage meat 28g butter 1 medium yellow onion, peeled and cut in 1/2" dice (about 170g ) 8 ounces button mushrooms, stems removed and sliced 2 garlic cloves, minced; or 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1 teaspoon salt, divided 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence 57g white wine, chicken stock, or vegetable stock 227g grated cheddar cheese, divided 454g cubed leftover bread; pain de mie or soft white sandwich bread are good options 4 large eggs 2 large egg yolks 454g milk 227g heavy cream 
    
     Directions   In a large skillet over medium-high heat, sauté the sausage meat, breaking it up, until the sausage is cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the fat and transfer the cooked sausage meat to a bowl; set aside.   Return the pan to the burner, and heat the butter until it melts. Add the onion and mushrooms and cook until they start to soften, about 5 minutes.   Add the garlic, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, and herbes de Provence, cooking for another minute or two until fragrant.   Add the white wine or stock to deglaze the pan, and cook until almost completely reduced.   Transfer the vegetables to the bowl with the sausage, and allow to cool to room temperature.   Toss the meat/vegetable mixture with 1 1/2 cups of the cheese and all of the bread.   Spread the mixture into a buttered 9" x 13" pan or 3-quart baking dish; set aside.  Whisk the eggs and yolks in a large bowl. Add the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, milk, and cream, continuing to whisk.  Pour the egg mixture into the pan, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.  Preheat the oven to 325°F.  Top the pudding with the remaining 1/2 cup of cheese. Bake the pudding for 55 to 65 minutes, until it's puffed, lightly browned, and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.  Let the pudding cool for 15 minutes or so, and serve warm.   Wrap any leftover pudding tightly with plastic and refrigerate. Reheat individual servings in the microwave; or the whole pan, covered with foil, in a 250°F oven.  
    
    
    