Seeded Sourdough Boule
    
    This sourdough loaf is enhanced with whole grains and a generous topping of seeds.
    
     Bread dough  170g ripe (fed) sourdough starter  227g to 283g lukewarm water* 361g European-Style Artisan Bread Flour or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 26g pumpernickel flour 74g Harvest Grains Blend 1 3/4 teaspoons salt 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast *Sourdough starter can vary quite a bit in consistency. Use enough water to make a soft dough.  Topping  1 large egg white, whisked until frothy 11g to 21g artisan bread topping or your favorite blend of seeds 
    
     Directions   In a large mixing bowl, or the bucket of a bread machine, combine the fed sourdough starter and 1 cup of the water, mixing until smooth.   Add the remaining dough ingredients, and mix and knead — by hand, mixer, bread machine, or food processor — until you've made a soft dough, adding additional water as needed. Note: If you're using a bread machine, program for the manual or dough cycle. Check the dough's consistency after 7 to 10 minutes of kneading; it should be smooth and elastic. Adjust as necessary with additional flour or water.   Cover the dough in the bowl, and let it rise until it's almost doubled, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface, and gently fold it over a few times to deflate it. Shape it into a large round.   Cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let it rise until it's very puffy, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Just before baking, brush with the beaten egg white. Sprinkle with seeds. Use a lame or a very sharp knife to make several slashes across the top of the loaf, asterisk-fashion.  Bake the bread for 20 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350°F and continue to bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes, until the loaf is golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F. Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack.   Store bread at room temperature, well wrapped, for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Need some sourdough starter to get started? See our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch. Or, if you're looking for a head start, check out our classic fresh sourdough starter, a simpler path to fresh, ready-to-use sourdough starter. 
    