Seeded Italian Braid
    
    This bread has a nice tang to it; if you're a sourdough baker, you could easily use 2 cups of active starter instead of waiting overnight for the poolish (starter). The bread keeps quite well on the counter, and is excellent for sandwiches and toast. After braiding, it can be helpful to place the braid in a greased 9" x 5" loaf pan. The pan will support the braid as it rises and bakes, and you'll get higher sides and a better shape for sandwiches, with all the beauty of a braid on top.
    
     Poolish (Starter)   227g cool water, about 65째F 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/4 teaspoon instant yeast  Dough  all of the poolish (starter) 113g cool water, about 65째F 241 to 298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt beaten egg white, for brushing over the top sesame seeds, for sprinkling 
    
     Directions   To make the poolish: Combine all of the ingredients, mixing just until a cohesive dough forms.   Allow the dough to rest, covered, for 12 to 16 hours at room temperature. When the poolish is ready, it will be filled with large holes and bubbles.  To make the dough: Add the water to the poolish, and mix until smooth. Add the flour, yeast, and salt, and knead the dough until it's fairly smooth but not necessarily elastic, about 3 minutes by machine, or 5 minutes by hand.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover with greased plastic wrap, and allow it to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours.  At the end of the rising time, divide the dough in thirds, and roll each into a 20" rope. Braid the ropes. Set the braid on a lightly greased baking sheet or into a greased 9" x 5" pan, tucking the ends underneath.  Cover the loaf and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until just puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425째F.  Gently brush the braid with beaten egg white, and sprinkle it with sesame seeds.  Bake the bread for 25 to 35 minutes, until golden brown, and the internal temperature reads 190째F on a digital thermometer. Remove it from the oven, turn it out of the pan (if you've used a loaf pan), and cool on a rack.   Yield: 1 loaf, 16 slices.  
    
    
    