Semolina-Garlic-Parmesan Swirl Loaf
    
    Need a reminder of the too-brief summer past? It's easy to make this savory dough in the bread machine and use it as a jelly roll kind of wrap for roasted garlic, Parmesan cheese, and Italian herbs.
    
     Dough  283g semolina flour 177g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 3/4 teaspoons salt 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper 227g water 21g garlic oil or vegetable oil 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 large egg yolk (reserve the white for the filling)  Filling  113g to 227g garlic or more, to taste (See "tips", below.) 1 large egg white (reserved from above)  pinch of salt 99g grated Parmesan 21g fresh bread crumbs 1 to 2 teaspoons dried Italian herbs; basil and oregano; or Pizza Seasoning 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Place the dough ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine following the manufacturer's instructions (usually, liquids first).  Program the machine for basic or white bread, medium crust, or if you're going to bake the bread in a conventional oven, program for manual or dough. Press Start. After 10 minutes of kneading, adjust the consistency of the dough by adding water or flour to make a soft, sticky dough.   After the first rise, remove the dough from the machine and transfer it to a lightly oiled work surface.  Shape it into an 8" x 18" rectangle. Dimple and stretch the dough into shape with your fingertips. It'll probably end up no more than 1/2" thick.   Cover the dough and let it rest while you prepare the filling.  To make the filling: Squeeze the roasted garlic pulps from their little parchment tubes. Don't worry, the skins stay pretty much in your hand and any strays are easily identified and recovered.  Mash the garlic into a paste and then spread it over the dough. (It won't be evenly distributed, that's fine.)   Whisk the egg white and salt until foamy. Brush the wash over the garlic.  Evenly distribute the Parmesan, bread crumbs and herbs over the garlic, leaving one short (8") end clear.  Starting with the opposite short edge, roll the dough toward the bare edge, forming it into a log and pinching the seam closed. Pinch the ends shut as well. You may need to tuck them under a bit to fit the loaf back into your bread machine bucket or into a loaf pan.   To bake the bread: To complete the recipe in the bread machine, remove the paddle(s), place the bread back in the bucket, seam-side down, close the lid, and let the machine finish its cycle.   To finish the recipe in the oven, preheat the oven to 375째F.  Place the bread seam-side down in a lightly greased 9" x 5" bread pan, or on a parchment-lined baking sheet.  Cover the loaf lightly with a towel or plastic wrap, and let it rise for about 45 minutes, or until it's puffy looking. The dough should crest almost an inch above the pan sides, and should hold your finger's indentation if you poke it.   Use a pair of scissors to snip several small slashes into the loaf, about every 2". The cuts should be about 1 1/2" deep and 3/4" wide.  Bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through the time for more even baking. If you have an instant-read thermometer, the bread's internal temperature should read between 190째F and 200째F.  Remove the bread from the oven, turn it out of the pan, and cool it on a rack before slicing.   Store the loaf, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To roast the garlic: Preheat the oven to 400째F. Peel away some of the outside parchment from the garlic head. Cut off enough of the top (the pointy, non-root end) to expose a bit of the garlic meat in the cloves. Brush, dip or drizzle olive oil on the cut side, and either wrap it in foil or put it in a covered garlic-roasting crock. Bake the garlic  for 35 to 40 minutes (or longer at a lower temperature, if you have something else baking in the oven). It'll be golden brown when it's done. Let cool before squeezing it out of the paper.The garlic can be roasted a day ahead. Feel free to roast more than 1 or 2 heads at a time. Leftovers can always be reserved for pizza topping, or for stirring into mashed potatoes. For a shiny crust, brush the top of the loaf with oil (or oil mixed with an egg yolk), if desired.  
    