Semolina Filled Braids
    
    The sunny yellow color as well as the chewiness of semolina bread contrasts nicely with a soft, flavorful filling. Try these at a picnic.
    
     Dough  11g active dry yeast 1 teaspoon sugar 454g water, lukewarm 32g extra-virgin olive oil 14g salt 489g semolina flour 241g to 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for wash sesame seeds or kosher salt, for garnish Filling choice (See "tips", below.) 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl, dissolve yeast and sugar in water. Add 1/2 cup flour and let this mixture sit for a few minutes, to get the yeast going.  Add olive oil, salt and semolina, then enough unbleached flour to turn dough into a shaggy mass. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and satiny.  Put dough into a well-greased bowl and drizzle a little olive oil on it, to prevent the formation of a skin while it's rising. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in volume, 1 to 2 hours.   Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead to expel any air bubbles. Divide the dough into 2 equal pieces.  Roll each piece into a rectangle about 1/2" thick. Fill with one of the fillings (below) — spread the filling down the middle (lengthwise) third of the rectangle, leaving a 1" border at the top and bottom.   Let the loaf rise until puffy, 30 to 60 minutes.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.   Brush with egg wash, and sprinkle with sesame seeds or kosher salt.   Bake the bread for 30 to 40 minutes, or until well-browned. Remove from the oven and cool completely on a wire rack.   Store, well-wrapped, in the fridge for 3 days, or freeze for up to 3 months. Reheat before serving.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This video quickly demonstrates how to make a filled braid.Spinach-Artichoke Filling 1/4 cup (1 1/4 ounces, 35g) minced onion 2 tablespoons (7/8 ounce, 25g) olive oil 1 8-ounce (227g) package fresh mushrooms 1 10-ounce (285g) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry 1 cup (8 ounces, 227g) package cream cheese  1 13 3/4-ounce (389g) can artichoke hearts Sauté onion and mushrooms in olive oil until cooked through, and the moisture has evaporated. Place onion/mushroom mixture, spinach, cream cheese and artichoke hearts in a blender or food processor. Pulse until well mixed. Season to taste with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Yield: filling for two braids. Tomato-Chevre Filling 2 11-ounce (623g) logs herb chevre or feta cheese 4 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced fresh chives, minced olive oil, flavored with herbs freshly ground black pepper Crumble the chevre or feta onto the rectangle of dough. Top with the sliced tomatoes. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with chives and black pepper. Yield: filling for two braids.  
    