Sesame Seed Rolls
    
    Paved with sesame, these rolls are chewy, with a great rise and spring in the oven. The recipe is very large — feel free to divide it in half. The dough is can be used for rolls or loaves of bread.
    
     Sponge  11g sugar 227g lukewarm water 11g active dry yeast or instant yeast 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Dough  11g sugar 907g lukewarm water 11g active dry yeast or instant yeast 1325g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 18g kosher salt 60g olive oil  Wash + Topping  57g milk sesame seeds or whole flax seeds 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: Dissolve the sugar and yeast in the lukewarm water.  Stir in the unbleached all-purpose flour. Cover the sponge with plastic wrap and allow it to rise until it's very light, about 1 hour.   To make the dough: Dissolve the sugar and yeast in the lukewarm water.  Mix the liquid into the sponge above.   Add the rest of the flour to the dough mixture. Sprinkle the kosher salt and the olive oil on top of the flour.  Stir well until dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl, adding additional flour if necessary.  Turn the dough onto a floured surface and knead for 10 minutes. Additional flour may be needed, but the dough should be soft and satiny.  Wash and dry the bowl, and oil it lightly. Place the kneaded dough in bowl and cover it with plastic wrap. Allow the dough to rise until puffy, about 1 hour.   Turn the dough out onto a floured surface. Press it lightly to spread to about 2" thick.  With a plastic scraper, press down through the dough to make four equal-sized strips. Cut each strip into pieces about 2" long, about 2 ounces (57g) each.  To shape the rolls: Put the milk and the sesame or flax seeds in separate shallow dishes. Line a few baking sheets with parchment.   Pick up a cut dough piece and stretch the top surface while tucking all the edges to the bottom. Pinch the bottom edges tight. Dip the top of the roll in the shallow dish of milk and then into the sesame seeds. Turn over and press the bottom of the roll into the seeds. No more milk is necessary.  On a flat surface, press the seeded dough as flat as you can. They usually flatten to about 3/8" by about 5".   Place about a dozen rolls to a baking sheet with space between them. Cover lightly with plastic wrap. Allow the rolls to rise until puffy.   Preheat the oven to 450°F.  To bake the rolls: Bake them for 15 to 18 minutes, or until golden.  Store the rolls, well-wrapped, for up to 5 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make two loaves: Cut the dough in half, flatten, then tuck all edges to the bottom until the top of the dough is stretched tight. Pinch bottom very tight. Dip in milk and seeds, allow to rise until puffy, then bake at 350°F for 50 minutes.  To make four loaves: Divide the dough in four and follow the directions above. Bake the loaves for 25 minutes at 450°F.Our thanks to Elizabeth K. Maraschino of Whitestone, N.Y. for sharing this recipe. 
    