Sesame Crescent Rolls
    
    The snap of sesame and the crunch of cracked wheat give these rolls super flavor and texture, but what makes this recipe really special is its versatility. You can make the dough and bake it immediately, or you can store the dough in the refrigerator, up to a week, until you're ready to use it. So you can have freshly baked yeast rolls every night, even if you're working all day!
    
       74g cracked wheat, softened as directed below 11g instant yeast 76g butter, room temperature 113g honey 2 teaspoons salt 159g mashed potatoes, room temperature 227g lukewarm water or potato water (110°F)  2 large eggs, beaten 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 300g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour or 283g White Whole Wheat Flour 1 large egg white, slightly beaten sesame seeds or whole flax seeds 
    
     Directions   To soften the cracked wheat: Cover it with hot water in a small bowl and allow to stand until softened, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Drain the cracked wheat if necessary.    To make the rolls: In a large bowl, combine the yeast, butter, honey, salt, mashed potatoes, water or potato water (water in which the potato has cooked) and the eggs.  Stir in the cracked wheat.  Mix in the unbleached all-purpose flour and beat for 2 to 3 minutes by machine, about 150 strokes by hand.   Add the whole wheat flour to form a dough stiff enough to knead.   Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic.  Shape the rolls, let them rise, and bake immediately, OR refrigerate the dough up to 6 days, covered with plastic wrap, deflating as necessary.   If the dough has been refrigerated:  Let it come to room temperature. If not, let it rise in a warm spot until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Deflate the dough gently.   Divide the dough into six portions. Roll each portion into a 9" round, about 1/2" thick.  Brush the rounds with slightly beaten egg white, then sprinkle with sesame seeds.  Cut each round into 6 pie-shaped wedges. Roll up each wedge, beginning at the wide end, and then curve ends in to form a crescent-shaped roll. Place the rolls on a greased baking sheet.   Brush them with more beaten egg white, and sprinkle with additional sesame seeds.   Set the pan in a warm spot and let the rolls rise until puffy, 45 minutes to 1 hour.   Preheat the oven to 375°F before the bread finishes rising.  Bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes, or until well browned.  Store the leftover rolls, well-wrapped, at room temperature for 3 days, or freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    