Sharon's Whole Grain Dinner Rolls & Bread
    
    Sharon Daley of Harwich Port, MA emailed us this recipe, with the accompanying note: "My youngest son came home from college this weekend, and I wanted to bake rolls for dinner, and also send a loaf of bread back to school with him. I decided to try a couple of the King Arthur specialty ingredients, so I just started 'playing around.' The result was quite tasty, and I thought you folks might be interested." Interested? Of course. It's always a pleasure to hear about what our readers are baking — and to share their kitchen inspirations. This recipe produces rolls and bread with a deep-gold outer crust and soft interior. The touch of whole wheat and oats adds rich, nutty flavor. Thanks, Sharon!
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 110g Irish-Style Flour or 113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 99g old-fashioned rolled oats 57g wheat germ 46g potato flour 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or non-fat dry milk 1 tablespoon instant yeast or active dry yeast 2 teaspoons salt 50g olive oil 85g honey 1 large egg 340g lukewarm water  Topping  1 large egg whisked with 1 tablespoon cold water old-fashioned rolled oats 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead all of the ingredients — by hand, with a stand mixer, or in a bread machine set to the dough cycle — to make a soft, smooth dough. Using a stand mixer, it may stick a bit in the bottom of the bowl; that's fine.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl, and let the dough rise until it's doubled in bulk, 60 to 90 minutes.  Gently deflate the dough, and divide it in half. Take one half, and divide it into seven round rolls; each will be a generous 3 ounces. Place them in a lightly greased 9" round cake pan.  Working with the other half of the dough, divide it in half, and shape each piece into a short, fat log; or a round. Alternatively, make one large oval or round loaf. Place the loaves onto a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet.   Cover the rolls/loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap, and let them rise for about 90 minutes, or until they're nearly doubled in size. The rolls in the pan will be touching one another.   Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F with a rack in the center. You don't want to bake this bread too close to the top element, as it browns quickly.  Brush the rolls and loaves with the egg/water, and sprinkle with rolled oats.  Bake the rolls/loaves until they're golden brown, about 25 minutes for the rolls, 30 minutes for the loaves, or 40 to 45 minutes for one large loaf. If they appear to be browning too quickly, tent them lightly with aluminum foil.    Remove the rolls and bread from the oven, and place them on a rack to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature. Store any leftovers, well wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Want to make two pans of rolls instead of rolls plus a loaf or loaves? Go for it. Want to make two large loaves, or two smaller loaves plus one large one? Be our guest. This recipe is open to all kinds of interpretations, shaping-wise.  
    