Shredded Wheat Bread
    
    Shredded Wheat cereal gives this rich, brown, molasses-scented bread just a hint of whole wheat flavor and texture. We think it originated in the '50s, because many Baby Boomers remember our moms making it, but our moms don't recall having it when they were young. At any rate, it's a staple of every New England community cookbook.
    
       69g Shredded Wheat biscuits 227g milk 85g water 28g butter, melted or softened 85g molasses 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt  extra melted butter, optional, for brushing on the crust *You'll probably need to use only 1/4 cup water in the summer, when your flour is more moist. 
    
     Directions   To make the bread manually or with a mixer: In a large mixing bowl, or in the bowl of an electric mixer, mix together the wheat biscuits and milk until the biscuits are soft.  Add the remaining ingredients and mix and knead until the dough is smooth but sticky. (See "tips", below.)  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover it, and allow it to rest for 1 hour, until puffy.   To make the dough using a bread machine: Place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine, program the machine for Manual or Dough, and press Start. About 10 minutes before the end of the second kneading cycle, check the dough and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water; the finished dough should be soft and supple. Allow the machine to complete its cycle.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and shape it into a log.   Place the loaf in a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" pan, cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap (or an acrylic dough cover), and allow the loaf to rise until it's crested 1 inch over the rim of the pan, about an hour.   Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 35 minutes, tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 10 minutes of baking if it appears to be browning too quickly. The internal temperature of the finished loaf should be about 190°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool. For a softer crust, brush it with melted butter or margarine.   Store the bread, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  When working with a very sticky dough, try kneading on an oiled surface, rather than a floured one. You'll add less additional flour, reducing the chance of a heavy, dense loaf. 
    