Soft Pretzels
    
    These pretzels can be made salty or sweet; your choice. Read the "tips" below to vary the shape and flavor.
    
     Dough  361g pastry flour blend or King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 14g non-diastatic malt powder or 14g sugar 7g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver (optional, but helpful) 14g butter or vegetable oil 1 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 227g water  Topping  43g water 11g non-diastatic malt powder (or 14g sugar) 2 teaspoons baking soda pretzel salt, cinnamon-sugar, or pearl sugar 28g butter, melted (optional) 
    
     Directions   Mix and knead the dough ingredients together — by hand, mixer, or machine — until the dough is cohesive and fairly smooth. It should be slightly sticky; if it seems dry, sprinkle it with a tablespoon or two of water.  Cover the dough and let it rest for 30 minutes.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface, fold it over a few times to gently deflate it, then divide it into six pieces, each weighing about 3 1/4 ounces.   Roll each piece of dough into a 24" rope.  In a shallow bowl, mix together the water, malt (or sugar) and baking soda.   Shape each rope into a pretzel, and dip in the baking soda solution; this will help the pretzels brown.  Sprinkle with pretzel salt or pearl sugar, if desired, and bake in a preheated 400°F oven for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown.  Remove them from the oven, brush with melted butter, dip in cinnamon sugar (if desired), and serve warm.  Store, well-wrapped, for 2 days at room temperature. Freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To make pretzel bites: Roll the six dough pieces into 10" ropes. Cut each rope crosswise into six equal pieces. Dip the pieces into the baking-soda solution, place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, and top with pretzel salt, or sea salt. Bake in a preheated 400° oven for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the oven, and roll the bites in 6 tablespoons melted butter.   To make sweet pretzel bites: Roll the six dough pieces into 10" ropes. Cut each rope crosswise into six equal pieces. Dip the pieces into the baking-soda solution, place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, and top with pearl sugar, if desired. Bake in a preheated 400° oven for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the oven, and roll the bites in 6 tablespoons melted butter, then 6 tablespoons cinnamon sugar (if you haven't rolled them in pearl sugar). 
    