Soft White Dinner Rolls
    
    Homemade dinner rolls are SO much tastier than store-bought! These are a lovely addition to your breadbasket, and make great sandwiches, as well.   Our guarantee: These soft, light rolls will rise about 2 3/4" high, and will have a soft (not crunchy) crust and moist, tender interior. Their flavor is pleasantly mild and slightly buttery.  
    
       1 packet "highly active" active dry yeast; or 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 198 to 255g lukewarm water* 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 35g sugar 85g unsalted butter, at room temperature 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 39g instant mashed potato flakes *Use the lesser amount in summer (or in a humid environment), the greater amount in winter (or in a dry climate), and somewhere in between the rest of the year, or if your house is climate controlled. 
    
     Directions   If you're using active dry yeast, dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in  2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water. Let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes, until the mixture has bubbled and expanded. If you're using instant yeast, you can skip this step.  Combine the dissolved yeast (or instant yeast) with the remainder of the ingredients. Mix and knead everything together—by hand, mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle—till you've made a smooth dough. If you're kneading in a stand mixer, it should take 5 to 7 minutes at second speed, and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl, perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom. In a bread machine (or by hand), it should form a smooth ball.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise, at room temperature, until it's nearly doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Rising may take longer, especially if you've kneaded by hand. Give it enough time to become quite puffy.  While the dough is rising, lightly grease two 9" round cake pans, or a 9" x 13" pan.  Gently deflate the dough, and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface. Divide it into 16 pieces.   Shape each piece into a rough ball by pulling the dough into a very small knot at the bottom, then rolling it under the palm of your hand into a smooth ball.  Place eight rolls in each of the round cake pans (or all 16 rolls in the 9" x 13" pan), spacing them evenly; they won't touch one another.   Cover the pan(s) with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow the rolls to rise till they're very puffy, and have reached out and touched one another, about 1 hour. While the rolls are rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the rolls until they're a deep golden brown on top, and lighter on the sides, about 25 minutes.   Remove the rolls from the oven, and after 2 or 3 minutes, carefully transfer them to a rack. They'll be hot and delicate, so be careful. Serve warm, or at room temperature.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Brush hot-from-the-oven rolls with melted butter, if desired, for a soft, buttery crust.For snowflake rolls, gently shake flour from a sieve atop the warm rolls.When making yeast rolls or bread, let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should, e.g., "Let the dough rise till it's doubled in bulk." Rising times are only a guide; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it's impossible to say that bread dough will ALWAYS double in bulk in a specific amount of time. 
    