Soft Dinner Rolls
    
    An old favorite, these timeless rolls are always in fashion. Golden brown outside and cream-colored inside, with just a hint of sweetness, these rolls are the perfect vehicle for a melting pat of butter, and a wonderful accompaniment to everything from soup and salad to meat and potatoes.
    
       7g regular instant yeast or active dry yeast 39g granulated sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 46g potato flour OR potato flakes 71g lukewarm water (potato water, if you have any saved) 170g lukewarm milk 43g butter, softened or melted 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and knead all of the ingredients together — by hand, mixer, or using the dough cycle on a bread machine — to make a smooth, soft dough.  Knead the dough on a lightly oiled surface until it's smooth and supple. Add flour if you must, but the dough will continue to absorb liquid as you knead, so try to knead for 5 minutes or so before adding any additional flour. Remember, the more flour in the dough, the heavier and dryer the rolls will be.  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and set the dough aside to rise until it has doubled in bulk, 1 to 2 hours, depending on the warmth of your kitchen.  To make the rolls: Divide the dough into 16 pieces. Shape each piece into a smooth ball.   Lightly grease two 9" round cake pans, or a 9" x 13" pan.   Space the rolls in the pan(s), cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow them to rise for about 1 hour, until they're very puffy and are touching one another.   Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the rolls for 20 to 22 minutes, or until they're golden brown.   Remove them from the oven, set them on a wire rack to cool, and brush them with melted butter or margarine, if desired. This will give the rolls a soft crust.   Serve the rolls warm, or store them in an airtight container at room temperature for several days. Freeze for up to a month.  
    
    
    