Spicy Tomato-Filled Tunisian Flatbreads
    
    A simple, unleavened dough is rolled out and filled with a spicy tomato and pepper filling; it's a satisfying bread that pairs nicely with salad or soup.
    
     Dough  361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 25g vegetable oil 2 teaspoons salt 227g water  Filling  14g olive oil 1 garlic clove, peeled and chopped 156g diced onion 57g chopped bell pepper 1 small jalapeño pepper, chopped 1 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds 1 teaspoon ground coriander 1 teaspoon fennel seeds 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes 411g diced canned tomatoes 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix all of the ingredients together and knead to form a smooth ball. Place the dough in a bowl, cover with plastic, and let rest at room temperature for at least 8 hours. Note: Since there's no yeast in this bread, it's not going to change much in appearance, if at all.   To make the filling: Pour the olive oil into a large skillet set over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion, and bell and jalapeño peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the cumin, coriander, fennel, salt, and chili flakes; stir.   Add the tomatoes and simmer until the liquid reduces and the mixture thickens, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat, add the parsley, and taste and adjust the seasonings.  Place a rack in the upper third of your oven and place a baking stone on the rack. Preheat the oven to 500°F.   To assemble: Divide the dough into a dozen 2 1/4-ounce pieces, and roll lightly into balls. Flatten the balls with your hand, then use a rolling pin to roll each into a flat, thin disk about 5" in diameter.  Lightly brush the edges of each disk with water. Place 2 tablespoons of the cooled filling on the lower halves. Fold the upper halves over and press the edges tightly to seal.   When all of the dough circles are filled, bake the filled breads three or four at a time on the hot stone for 5 to 7 minutes, until the bottoms have dark spots on them. Flip them over and bake for another 3 to 5 minutes on the second side. Remove from the oven and repeat with the remaining breads until all are baked.  Store unused breads in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 1 week.  
    
    
    