Spicy Spiral Bread
    
    This impressive-looking and tasty filled bread makes a nice light  snack by itself; serve it with soup and/or salad for a heartier meal. Feel free to use this recipe as a jumping-off place to create all kinds of different bread and filling combinations.
    
     Dough  298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 92g yellow cornmeal 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1/2 teaspoon chipotle or hot chili powder or 1/4 teaspoon ground chilies 2 teaspoons sugar 25g olive oil 283g water  Filling  454g refried beans 227g shredded Monterrey Jack cheese 1 to 3 tablespoons taco seasoning or 1 tablespoon mild chili powder filling add-ins (See "tips", below.) 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading to form a soft, supple dough.  Transfer the dough to a greased bowl, cover it, and let it rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until it's puffy.  To make the filling: Combine the filling ingredients, along with any desired add-ins.  To combine: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease a 9" round cake pan.  Roll the dough into a long, 8" x 24" rectangle.  Spread it with 1 1/2 to 2 cups of the filling, leaving a 1" margin along the edges.  Fold in the two short ends, and roll the dough into a 24" log. Pinch the dough to seal it well.  Keeping the seam side down, ease the log, in a loose spiral, into the prepared cake pan. Pat the spiral down so it's flat and even across the top.  Cover the dough and let it rise until it's even with the top of the pan or slightly crowned above the lip of the pan, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes, until golden brown.  Serve warm, hot or cold, with a salad, if desired.  Store for 5 days well-wrapped at room temperature, or 3 months frozen.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Optional filling add-ins include 1/2 cup diced raw onion, 1/4 cup salsa, 1/2 cup cooked and drained ground beef, sliced black olives, diced jalapeño peppers, or chopped fresh cilantro. If you use more than three of the preceding options, you'll probably have leftover filling (which is delicious served in taco shells or burritos). The filling should be firm, and should total around 2 cups altogether. 
    