Steph's Rye Bread
    
    Rye breads inspire passion, both in the baking and the consuming afterward. This particular rye has the seeds for texture and the first clear flour for the strength and the chew in the crumb.
    
     Starter/ Sponge  206g medium rye flour 25g instant yeast 1 tablespoon artisan bread topping, or your favorite blend of seeds 340g water  Dough  all of the sponge (above) 227g water 85g molasses 9g artisan bread topping 1 large egg 14g salt 206g rye flour 213g first clear flour 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Topping  1 tablespoon artisan bread topping, or your favorite seeds or blend of seeds (caraway, sesame, etc.) 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: Mix the above ingredients in a large bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let stand at least 2 hours or up to three days. The longer it stands, the more flavor it will develop.   To make the dough: Mix all of the ingredients until the dough is a shaggy mass that no longer adheres significantly to the bowl.   Turn it out onto a well-floured board. It'll be fairly sticky and soft throughout the kneading process, but knead it until it's smooth and supple.  Place in a well-greased bowl, cover and let rise until doubled in size, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.  Deflate the dough, shape it into two round loaves, and place on a lightly greased pan. Let stand, covered, for 30 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 450°F.  Brush loaves with water or egg white, and sprinkle with seeds. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers 190°F to 200°F.  Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a wire rack.  Store the loaves, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to a week or in the freezer for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Stephanie Stone, a member of our Baker's Store and catalogue teams, is a regular participant in the New York City Marathon. Her training sessions are often fueled by this bread, which she comments on as follows:  "This recipe is based on one in Bernard Clayton's New Complete Book of Breads. My father is a rye bread fanatic who grew up in a Jewish household in Albany, N.Y. and has yet to find a rye bread that compares to the great bakery stuff he ate growing up. This bread has gone through many variations and taste tests, and this version is the one he likes the best." 
    