Sticky Buns
    
    Sticky buns are a quintessential American breakfast treat. Our version features soft, milk- and butter-enriched buns stuffed with aromatic cinnamon filling and glazed with a sticky, sugary topping loaded with pecans. It doesn't get any better than this!   Our guarantee: These buns will be soft and sticky right out of the oven, and will firm up as they cool. Moderately scented with cinnamon, their main flavor is SWEET. They'll rise about 2" high.  
    
     Dough  1 packet "highly active" active dry yeast; or 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 198 to 255g lukewarm water* 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g unsalted butter, at room temperature 35g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or 5/8 ounce nonfat dry milk 43g instant mashed potato flakes *Use the lesser amount in summer (or in a humid environment), the greater amount in winter (or in a dry climate), and somewhere in between the rest of the year, or if your house is climate controlled.  Glaze  156g light corn syrup or maple syrup 14g rum, optional 43g butter, melted 50g Sticky Bun Sugar; or 213g brown sugar, light or dark 113g diced pecans  Cinnamon Filling*  99g granulated sugar 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 1 tablespoon King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour * Or use 74g Baker's Cinnamon Filling mixed with 28g water 
    
     Directions   First, make the dough. If you're using active dry yeast, dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water. Let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes, until the mixture has bubbled and expanded. If you're using instant yeast, you can skip this step.  Combine the dissolved yeast (or instant yeast) with the remainder of the dough ingredients.  Mix and knead everything together—by hand, mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle—till you've made a smooth dough. If you're kneading in a stand mixer, it should take 5 to 7 minutes at second speed, and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl, perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom. In a bread machine (or by hand), it should form a smooth ball.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise, at room temperature, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's nearly doubled in bulk. Rising may take longer, especially if you've kneaded by hand. Give it enough time to become quite puffy.  While the dough is rising, lightly grease two 9" round cake pans.  To make the glaze, whisk together the syrup, rum (if you're using it) and melted butter.   Divide the glaze evenly between the pans. Sprinkle the sugar and pecans atop the glaze.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and pat or roll it into a 16" x 12" rectangle. It's a nice, soft dough, and pats out easily.   To make the filling, whisk together the sugar, cinnamon, and flour.   Sprinkle filling evenly over the dough, leaving an uncovered strip about 1" wide along one long end of the rectangle.   Starting with the sugar-covered edge, roll the dough into a log the long way.  Using a serrated knife, slice the log into 16 slices. In order to cut down on drag, it helps to rinse the blade in hot water, and wipe it off, between slices.    Space eight buns in each of the prepared pans. Cover the pans, and let the buns rise till they spread out and touch one another, about 60 to 90 minutes.   While the buns are rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the sticky buns for 15 minutes. Tent them lightly with aluminum foil, and bake till they're a light golden brown, about 10 more minutes.  Remove the buns from the oven, and loosen their edges with a knife. Carefully—the sugar is hot!—turn them out onto a rack or parchment-covered sheet pan to cool, scraping any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns.   Serve warm, or at room temperature. Wrap airtight and store at room temperature.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Don't like nuts? Not a problem; leave out the pecans.Be sure to turn the buns out of their pans immediately. If you wait, the sticky topping will remain in the pan, not on the bunsWhen making anything with yeast, including these buns, let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should, e.g., "Let the dough rise till it's doubled in bulk." Rising times are only a guide; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it's impossible to say that bread dough will ALWAYS double in bulk in a specific amount of time.Want to make these fresh and hot for breakfast? Make the dough, shape the buns, and place them in the pan (with the glaze); don't let them rise. Place the pan of buns in the refrigerator for up to 16 hours before you want to serve hot buns. Remove the buns from the fridge, and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour. Bake them in a preheated 350°F oven for 35 minutes, until they're golden brown and the filling is bubbly.   
    