Stollen
    
    Stollen is a sweet yeasted bread flavored with bits of fruit, served at Christmas and known for its keeping qualities. A native of Germany and Austria, and connected with Dresden in particular, stollen is a must at every holiday table in those countries. Because of stollen's high sugar content, we find you'll make a better loaf by beginning with an overnight sponge. This bubbly mixture of yeast, flour and water is a good base upon which the sugar, milk, and butter-rich stollen can successfully grow.
    
     Sponge  120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 113g water 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Dough  298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 57g butter, diced 1 large egg 57g milk 67g sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 4 teaspoons instant yeast 1 teaspoon almond extract 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 74g chopped dates 85g golden raisins 99g candied cherries, coarsely chopped (See "tips", below.) 14g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 57g slivered almonds, toasted  Topping  21g butter, melted confectioners' sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: Combine the flour, water and yeast — by hand, mixer or bread machine — in a large bowl, stirring until smooth. Cover, and let the mixture rest overnight at room temperature.   To make the dough: Add the flour, butter, egg, milk, sugar, salt, yeast, almond extract, and vanilla to the sponge. Stir to combine, then knead thoroughly, using your hands, a mixer, a food processor or a bread machine, until the dough is very smooth and supple.   Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl (or leave it in the bread machine), cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. It probably won't double in bulk, but will become puffy.  While the dough is rising, stir together the dates, raisins, cherries, flour and almonds. Transfer the dough to a clean, lightly greased work surface. Knead the fruit into the dough until it's well-distributed; a good way to do this is to pat or roll the dough into a rough 12" x 15" rectangle, press the fruit and nuts evenly over its surface, then roll it up like a jelly roll, starting with a long edge. Divide the roll into two pieces, shape each piece into a rough 9" log, cover the logs, and let them rest for 10 minutes.  Pat each log into a 10" x 8" inch oval. The fruit may try to "fall out" of the dough; that's OK, just stick it back in. Fold each oval lengthwise, bringing one side over the other but leaving a 1" gap, as if you were making a Parker House roll (in other words, fold the dough not quite in half). Press the edge of the top half to seal it to the bottom half, tent the dough with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow it to rise for 2 hours, or until it's noticeably puffy.  Preheat the oven to 350°.  Bake the stollen for 30 to 35 minutes, tenting it with aluminum foil after 20 minutes if it appears to be browning too quickly. The finished loaves should be golden brown, and their internal temperature should register 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.  The finished loaves should be golden brown, and their internal temperature should register 190°F on an instant-read thermometer.   When the stollen are cool, dust them heavily with confectioners' sugar.  Wrap well and store for up to 2 weeks at room temperature, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The easiest way to chop candied cherries, which tend to be very sticky, is by snipping each in half with a pair of scissors. Dip the scissors in water occasionally.For a more traditional stollen, substitute 1/2 cup candied peel, citron or angelica for the 1/2 cup chopped dates. 
    