Stollen Bites
    
    Tiny, bite-sized stollen are perfect to put in a pretty bag and give as a gift.
    
     Sponge  120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 170g lukewarm water 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Fruit  71g dried pineapple, chopped in 1/4" dice 85g golden raisins or dried cranberries 85g Candied Cherries, snipped into quarters 28g rum or brandy  Dough  298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g butter, softened 43g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk powder 67g granulated sugar 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon almond extract 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1 tablespoon orange zest or 1/8 teaspoon orange oil 71g toasted almonds, chopped  Topping  113g butter, melted 227g confectioners' sugar, glazing sugar, or non-melting sugar 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: Mix together and set aside for 1 hour, or for up to 4 hours.  To mix the fruit: Mix together and set aside to allow the fruit to absorb the liquor.  To make the dough: Combine the sponge and the dough ingredients (except for the almonds), and mix and knead to make a soft, shiny, elastic dough. Towards the end, knead in the soaked fruits (along with any liquid) and almonds.  Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  Turn the dough out onto a work surface and divide it into 40 pieces, rolling each piece into a ball. Place the balls on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, leaving about 1" between them.   Cover and let rise for about 45 minutes, until the balls are puffy.  Bake the stollen bites in a preheated 350°F oven for about 18 minutes, until they're light brown. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes.  Toss stollen in the melted butter, then the confectioners' sugar. Allow to cool completely before wrapping and storing.  Stollen bites keep well for a week at room temperature; freeze for longer storage. Toss with confectioners' sugar again just before serving.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Stollen shortcut! Make our stollen mix, then shape and bake into stollen bites as directed above. 
    