Strawberry Swirl No-Knead Brioche
    
    Tender, buttery, and slightly sweet, this easy-to-make loaf comes to us courtesy of Alexandra Stafford's cookbook, Bread Toast Crumbs. It looks (and tastes!) like it came from a high-end bakery case.
    
     Dough  390g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt or 1 teaspoon table salt 35g granulated sugar 2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast 43g unsalted butter, melted 227g lukewarm water 57g whole milk 1 large egg  Filling  255g of your favorite strawberry jam  Egg wash  1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, sugar, and yeast. In a separate large bowl, combine the melted butter, water, and milk. Add the egg and whisk to combine. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and mix until combined — the dough will be wet and sticky. Cover the bowl with a tea towel or plastic wrap and let the dough rise in a warm spot for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, until doubled in bulk.  To assemble: When the dough has risen, use a dough scraper or two forks to pull the dough from the edges of the bowl and press it down into the center, turning the bowl as you go until you’ve gone all the way around. Divide the dough in half and form each half into a 6” round. Let the dough rest for 20 minutes without touching it.  Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat it to 375°F. Generously sprinkle your work surface with flour. Grease a 9” x 5” loaf pan.  Transfer one dough ball to the work surface and gently stretch it from the center out into an 8” x 11” oval or rectangle.   Spread half of the jam over the rectangle. Starting from one short end of the oval/rectangle, roll the dough tightly into a coil. Repeat with the second round. Lay one rolled coil over the other to make a plus sign. Twist the ends around each other to create a spiral. Transfer the spiral to the prepared pan. Brush the top with egg wash; don't cover the pan.  Let the dough rise in a warm, draft-free spot for 15 to 20 minutes, until it's crested the rim of the pan.  Bake the bread for 45 minutes, until the top is golden brown and firm to the touch. Remove it from the oven and turn it out onto a cooling rack. Let it cool for 20 minutes before slicing.  Store bread, well wrapped, at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    