Stromboli
    
    This is a flavorful picnic bread, swirled with cheese, and colorful peppers and onions.
    
     Dough  326g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 35g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver 11g sugar 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 12g Italian seasoning, or Pizza Dough Flavor 11g olive oil 227g water  Filling  11g olive oil 78g diced onion 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic 213g diced red or green peppers (or a combination) 50g grated Parmesan 113g shredded cheddar cheese 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer or bread machine — until a rough dough forms, then knead until the dough is smooth and satiny.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour. It'll become somewhat puffy, but may not double in bulk.  To make the filling: Heat the olive oil in a sauté pan, and add the onion. Cook, stirring, until the onions are translucent.  Stir in the garlic and cook until you smell it. Don't brown the garlic.  Add the peppers and continue to cook until they are soft.  Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface and roll it out into a 10" x 18"  rectangle. The dough will be stretched quite thin (about 1/4" thick).  Sprinkle the pepper mixture and the cheeses over the dough, leaving a 2" margin along one long side. Roll up loosely, starting with a long edge. Pinch the seam and ends closed, and shape the log into a crescent shape, seam-side down, on a lightly greased baking sheet.  Snip it at 2" intervals with a pair of scissors, then allow it to rise, covered, for 2 hours; it won't double.  Toward the end of the rising, preheat the oven to 375°.  Bake the stromboli for 25 to 35 minutes, tenting with foil if it appears to be browning too quickly. Let cool for 10 minutes before slicing.  Store, well-wrapped, on the counter for 2 days. Freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
    
    