Stuffing Bread Bowls
    
    These crusty, single-serve bread bowls are scented with sage and thyme, reminiscent of the stuffing you enjoy with your holiday bird. We've filled them here with turkey (or chicken) pot pie filling, the perfect solution to "what can I do with this leftover turkey?" Read our blog about these bread bowls, with additional photos, at Flourish.  
    
     Bread bowls  283g lukewarm water 50g vegetable oil 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 89g semolina 2 teaspoons ground sage 1 teaspoon dried thyme 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon sugar 28g potato flour or 1/2 cup dry potato flakes 14g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast  Filling  85g butter 43g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 397g chicken stock or broth 113g half and half or milk 794 to 907g cooked turkey or chicken, cut or torn into bite-sized pieces 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon salt, depending on the saltiness of the broth 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme 28g dry sherry, optional, for flavor 227g frozen peas and carrots, cooked and drained 113g frozen pearl onions, cooked and drained 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients, and mix and knead them, by hand, mixer, or bread machine, to make a smooth dough.  Place the dough in a bowl or rising container, cover it, and let it rise for about 90 minutes, until it's just about doubled in bulk.  Gently deflate the dough, and divide it into six pieces.  Round each piece into a ball.  Stagger the balls on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Cover, and let rise for about 1 hour.  The balls should become quite puffy. Towards the end of their rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the buns till they're a deep, golden brown, about 25 minutes. Remove them from the oven, and let them cool right on the pan.  When you're ready to make bread bowls, cut the top 1/3 off each bun.  Gently and carefully scoop out the bread inside. Reserve it to make herb-flavored crumbs, if desired.  Place the bread bowls on a baking sheet or platter, and set them aside while you make the filling.  Melt the butter in a heavy saucepan and add the flour, stirring to combine.  Slowly add the broth in a stream, stirring constantly to keep the mixture from becoming lumpy. If it does get lumpy, just keep stirring till it smooths out.  Add the half and half or milk, stirring till smooth. Bring just to a boil, then simmer gently, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes.  Add the chicken or turkey, salt, thyme, and sherry, stirring to combine.  Add the cooked, drained vegetables, stirring to combine.   Bring the mixture just to a simmer, and immediately spoon a generous 1/2 cup into each bread bowl. Serve immediately.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Semolina gives these rolls a bit of extra crunch and golden flavor. If you don't want to use it, substitute all-purpose flour.Feel free to substitute whatever leftover veggies you like for the peas, carrots, and onions. You want about 2 1/2 cups of cooked vegetables.You can make these ahead of time, and reheat just before serving. Fill the bread bowls, let them cool to lukewarm, then cover and refrigerate. Just before serving, heat each bowl in the microwave individually; about 1 minute should do it, depending on your microwave. Alternatively, wrap the bread bowls; cool and store the filling in the fridge; then reheat the filling and fill the bowls just before serving. 
    