Stuffed Breakfast Crescent
    
    This crescent is a glorified "breakfast sandwich" to go. Warm, savory filling and crispy crust... it's all there. Bake it the night before and reheat. Or, for fresh-baked goodness, shape the night before, cover and refrigerate, then bake the next morning, adding 5 to 10 minutes to the baking time. 
    
     Dough  283g lukewarm water 25g olive oil 397g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 85g grated cheddar cheese 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast  Filling  142g fresh mushrooms, sliced and lightly sautéed 340g breakfast sausage, cooked and crumbled, fat removed  2 teaspoons fresh crushed garlic 57g grated cheddar cheese 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Mix and then knead all the dough ingredients together to make a smooth, slightly sticky dough. This will take about 7 minutes in a stand mixer; or use the dough setting on your bread machine, allowing the machine to complete its cycle and skipping to step #3 below.  Transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure, cover it, and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes, until it's just about doubled in bulk.  While the dough is rising, stir together the filling ingredients.  On a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface, roll the dough into a 9" x 15" rectangle.  Sprinkle the filling atop the dough, leaving a 1" border at the edges. Roll the dough up jelly-roll style, starting with a long edge. Pinch the seams well, and tuck the side edges under, pinching them to seal.   Pick up the log of dough and transfer it, seam-side down, to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Shape it into a crescent or horseshoe shape.   Make cuts (about 1/2" deep) at 1" intervals across the top of the loaf. Cover the crescent with greased plastic wrap and let it rise for 30 minutes. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes, or until it's golden brown. Allow it to cool for 10 minutes before serving warm.  Yield: 8 to 10 servings.  
    
    
    