Stuffing Pull-Apart Bread
    
    This recipe from our friends at Little Rusted Ladle and featured in Sift is a tender, buttery, delicious bread has all the flavors of stuffing in a tear-and-share loaf.
    
     Dough  2 teaspoons instant yeast 14g sugar 2 teaspoons onion powder 1 teaspoon dried thyme 227g lukewarm milk 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 340g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 28g unsalted butter, softened  Filling  43g unsalted butter 283g celery, diced 213g diced onion  103g cooked pork breakfast sausage 35g chopped fresh sage 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning 74g fresh or frozen cranberries, chopped 113g Swiss cheese cut in small cubes, optional 2 large eggs, beaten 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon black pepper 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients in a bowl or the pan of your bread machine set on the dough cycle. Mix and knead until you have a soft, supple dough. Cover and let the dough rise until doubled in bulk, 1 to 1 1/2 hours; or let the bread machine finish its cycle.  For the filling: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the celery and onions, and cook until the vegetables are softened. Remove from the heat and add the sausage, chopped sage, poultry seasoning, and cranberries. Cool to lukewarm, then stir in the cheese and eggs. Season with salt and pepper.    To assemble: Grease a 9" x 5" bread pan. Deflate the risen dough and divide into 40 pieces and roll into balls. Put five or six at a time into the cooled filling, stirring gently so they're coated with the butter and egg.   When all the pieces have been coated, layer the dough and remaining filling in the prepared pan. Cover the pan with greased plastic wrap and let the loaf rise for about 1 hour, until almost doubled.   Halfway through the rise time, preheat the oven to 350°F.    Bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes, tenting with foil if needed, until it's deep golden brown. Remove it from the oven and cool on a rack; transfer to a serving plate or serve from the pan.   Refrigerate any leftovers for several days; freeze for longer storage.  
    
    
    