Swedish Tea Ring
    
    In Sweden this tea ring is most often enjoyed at Christmas time. Think cinnamon roll in the shape of a ring. This — and many European pastries — aren't as over-the-top decadent as the typical American sticky buns, cream-filled layer cakes, and gooey fudge brownies. If you're after a classic Swedish tea ring, this is it; for a more "Americanized" version, see "tips from our bakers," below.  
    
     Dough  227g milk 50g sugar 3/4 teaspoon salt 1 large egg 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoon instant yeast, SAF Gold instant yeast preferred  Filling  39g sugar 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon 1 tablespoon Instant ClearJel, optional; to keep the filling from seeping out during baking 43g unsalted butter, melted 57g chopped walnuts 85g cinnamon chips 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand, mixer or bread machine — to make a soft, smooth dough. Let rise, covered, for 1 hour.   To make the filling: Stir together the sugar, cinnamon, and ClearJel, then add the melted butter. Combine the walnuts and cinnamon chips separately.   Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and roll it into a 12" x 18" rectangle.    Spread the filling over the dough. Top with the walnuts and chips.   Starting with one long side, roll the dough into a log and form it into a ring, pinching the edges together to seal. Place the ring on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.    Using a pair of scissors, cut two-thirds of the way into the edge of the ring at 2" intervals. Turn each cut section onto its side.    Cover and let rise for 30 to 45 minutes, until puffy.    While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.   Bake the tea ring for about 25 minutes, until golden; tent it with foil after 15 to 20 minutes if it's browning too quickly.    Remove the loaf from the oven, and carefully transfer it to a rack to cool.   Yield: 1 ring.   
    
     Tips from our bakers  For an added touch of decadence, make a glaze with 1 cup glazing sugar  or confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and 3 tablespoons cream or 2 to 3 tablespoons water or milk. Drizzle the glaze over the warm tea ring. For a sweeter, richer, more cinnamon-y treat, add 2 tablespoons butter to the dough; and double the amount of sugar, cinnamon, Instant ClearJel, and butter in the filling. 
    