Swedish Saffron Pretzel Buns
    
    Evocative of traditional St. Lucia buns, these bright yellow soft pretzel buns feature the wonderful flavor of toasted almonds.
    
     Pretzels  227g milk 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads or Buttery Sweet Dough Flavor 113g butter 11g instant yeast 539g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 46g potato flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 99g sugar 3 large eggs  Topping, optional  Swedish pearl sugar  Glaze, optional  227g glazing sugar or confectioners' sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/2 teaspoon almond extract 28g to 42g milk or 54g to 71g heavy cream 57g slivered almonds, toasted 
    
     Directions   To make the buns: Heat the milk and saffron to a simmer, remove from the heat, add the butter and vanilla, and set the mixture aside to cool to lukewarm. If you're using the Buttery Sweet Dough flavor, add it now.  Meanwhile, stir together the dry ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook.  Pour the milk mixture over the dry ingredients and mix well.  Separate one egg and set the white aside. Add the 2 whole eggs and 1 yolk to the dough, beating on low speed for 10 to 15 minutes. The dough will be quite soft, but should lose its stickiness and become shiny.   Lightly grease a large bowl, place the dough in it, and cover the bowl.  Let it rise at room temperature for an hour, then refrigerate it for 2 or more hours or as long as overnight.  Remove the dough from the refrigerator.  Divide it into 12 pieces, and roll each piece into a log about 10" long.  Shape the logs into pretzels and place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. (See "tips", below.)  Cover the pretzels lightly and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, until they're puffy.  Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Beat the reserved egg white with 1 tablespoon water.  Brush the egg wash over the pretzels. Sprinkle them with Swedish Pearl Sugar, if you're using it.  Bake the pretzels for 12 to 15 minutes, until they're very lightly browned.  Remove them from the oven and allow to cool.  Make the glaze by stirring together the sugar, extracts, and milk or cream until it has a pourable consistency.  Drizzle the glaze over the pretzels, and sprinkle them with the almonds.  Store the pretzels, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Take each rope and make a U-shaped loop with fairly short ends. Cross the rope near the ends, twist the ends a second time, and fold the twist into the middle of the U. Press the ends of the rope on either side of the bottom center of the loop, creating the classic pretzel shape.If you like, sprinkle the pretzels with Swedish Pearl Sugar before baking instead of glazing them afterward. 
    