Sweet Potato Sandwich Rolls
    
    Soft without being squishy, flavorful without being cute, these rolls are perfect with some sliced turkey and perhaps a bit of cranberry sauce. These rolls would do a great job with any kind of filling, from roast beef with horseradish to grilled vegetables and cheese.
    
     Dough  113g water 2 teaspoons instant yeast 28g soft butter 1 teaspoon salt 1 large egg 3/4 cup cooked, mashed sweet potato (1 medium) 35g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 113g King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour   269g to 298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Topping  1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water 18g sesame seeds, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Place all of the ingredients (holding back 1/2 cup of the all-purpose flour) into the bowl of your mixer or the bucket of your bread machine, set up for the dough cycle.  Mix until you've formed a soft, but not sticky dough. Add more flour from your reserved amount if needed to achieve the correct consistency.  Knead the dough for 6 minutes, then place it in a greased bowl, cover and let rise for 45 minutes to an hour; it will almost double in size and look puffy.  To shape and finish the rolls: After the first rise, deflate the dough and divide it into 6 pieces. You can roll each piece into a ball, then flatten it to make it 3/4" thick. Or you can roll each piece into a 12" to 14" rope, and form into a knot-style roll.  Place the rolls either in a hamburger bun pan or on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Cover with greased plastic wrap, and let rise for 25 to 30 minutes, until almost doubled. Sprinkle lightly with flour, or brush the tops of the rolls with the beaten egg, and sprinkle with sesame seeds, if using.   Preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake for 17 to 19 minutes, until the tops are a rich golden brown color.  Remove the rolls from the oven, and cool them on a rack for 5 minutes, before removing from them from the  pan to cool completely.  Store, well-wrapped, for 4 days at room temperature, or freeze for up to one month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you prefer a plain, soft-topped roll, brush the rolls with melted butter right after you remove them from the oven.For a version that highlights whole grain goodness, substitute 1 cup of Kamut or Ancient Grains Flour Blend for 1 cup of the all-purpose flour in. this recipe. 
    