Sweet Potato Cloverleaf Buns
    
    These deep orange yeasted buns are memorable, both in appearance and taste. The flavor of the potatoes, combined with just a touch of honey, give these buns a natural sweetness which is truly delicious. These are a natural for the Thanksgiving dinner table.
    
       213g sweet potato, mashed (See "tips", below.) 1 large egg, lightly beaten 43g honey 28g butter 2 teaspoons salt 2 teaspoons instant yeast 113g water 361g to 418g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 large egg white, lightly beaten with 1 teaspoon water, for glaze 
    
     Directions   Place the sweet potato, egg, honey, butter and salt in a large bowl and mix well.   Add the yeast and water, then stir in just enough flour to make a soft dough.   Turn the dough onto a floured work surface and knead, adding more flour if necessary, until smooth and elastic (about 10 minutes).  Grease a large bowl. Place the dough in the bowl, turning to coat all sides, cover, and refrigerate overnight. You can also make the dough in your bread machine, using the dough cycle.   The next day, remove the dough from refrigerator and let it come to room temperature, about 1 hour.   Deflate the dough, knead for 1 minute, then let it rest, covered with a greased plastic or an inverted bowl for 10 minutes.   Divide the dough into 36 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball.   Grease 12 muffin cups, and place three balls in each cup.  Let the buns rise until puffy in bulk, about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400°F.  When the buns are puffy-looking, gently brush with egg white glaze.  Bake the buns for about 20 minutes, until they are golden brown.  Remove the buns from pan and cool slightly on a wire rack. Serve warm.  Store leftovers, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days, or in the freezer for a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  You can use leftover sweet potato or microwave, or bake 1 medium sweet potato (about 10 ounces, 283g), skin on, scrubbed, until soft. Scrape out the inside to use in the recipe. 
    