Swiss Onion Rye Loaf
    
    We modeled this cheese-swirled rye loaf after that of a small family bakery, then added some onions for a little extra zing. You'll enjoy this hearty loaf on its own or as a great base for Reuben sandwiches.
    
     Dough  326g King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 128g rye flour or 131g pumpernickel flour 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1 to 2 teaspoons Deli Rye Flavor, optional, but VERY good 1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 to 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, optional 1 teaspoon burnt sugar syrup, caramel color, or black cocoa, optional; for a medium dark loaf 340g water  Filling  142g onion, peeled, chopped, and sautéed in 11g olive oil until lightly browned 113g Swiss cheese, diced in 1/4" pieces 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — mixing and kneading to form a smooth and shiny dough.  Place the dough into a greased bowl, turn to coat, and cover.  Place it in a warm spot to rise for 1 to 2 hours, until the dough has expanded by at least a third.   Lightly grease (or line with parchment) a baking sheet.  To assemble the loaf: Turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured surface, then pat it out into a 12" square.  Sprinkle the dough with the onions and cheese.   Fold it into thirds (like a letter) to enclose the onions and cheese.  Form it into a 15" to 16" fat baguette — in other words, a bâtard. (Or divide and shape it into two smaller loaves).  Place the loaf/loaves on the baking sheet, and cover lightly with greased plastic wrap or a dough cover.  Allow the bread to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until doubled in size.   To bake the bread: Toward the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 400°F.  Just before placing the bread into the oven cut 4 to 5 diagonal slashes across the top, each about 1/4" deep.   Spritz the bread with water, then place it into the oven.  Bake it for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven heat to 350°F and bake for an additional 15 minutes (for 1 large loaf). For two smaller loaves, check after an additional 10 minutes. Bread is done when an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°F.  Store the bread, well-wrapped, at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  As with any loaf containing rye, allowing it to cool for several hours or overnight will reduce the slight gumminess that rye has when it first comes out of the oven. But with this bread, it'll be hard to wait, as its aroma is so enticing! 
    