Tahini Apple Monkey Bread
    
    This fruit-laced bread is a stunner for brunch. Tahini adds a wonderful nuttiness to the sticky, sweet topping. 
    
     Dough  113g whole wheat pastry flour* 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 32g potato flour or instant potato flakes 50g brown sugar or 64g maple syrup 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 50g vegetable oil 113g almond milk, preferably vanilla flavored 113g water 85g diced dried apples  Topping  64g tahini 43g honey 43g boiled cider 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 50g brown sugar 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon Instant ClearJel or 1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum 170g raisins or diced apples, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the dough: Whisk together the flours, salt, and potato flour or potato flakes; set aside. In a large bowl, combine the brown sugar or maple syrup, yeast, vegetable oil, almond milk, and water.  Add the dry ingredients and mix until the dough begins to come together. Add the dried apples and knead until the dough is smooth and soft. Cover and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.   To make the topping: In a medium bowl, whisk together the tahini and honey. Stir in the boiled cider and vanilla. In a small bowl combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and Instant ClearJel or xanthan gum. Stir into the tahini mixture; cover and set aside.   To assemble: Grease a 10" tea loaf or Pullman bread pan and create a parchment paper sling to line the pan. Grease the paper. Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Turn the dough out onto a work surface, press it into a square 3/4" thick, and divide it into 32 pieces. Shape each piece gently into a ball and dredge in the topping mixture.   Put the dough pieces into the pan in an even layer and sprinkle with raisins and/or apples. Repeat until you run out of dough; you should have two full layers in the pan.   Cover the loaf with greased plastic wrap and let rise until puffy, 30 to 40 minutes.   Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, tenting with foil for the last 10 minutes to keep the top from browning too much. Remove from the oven and cool on a rack for 15 minutes before removing from the pan. Finish cooling on a rack.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  *or 1 cup King Arthur White Whole Wheat Flour 
    