Telera Rolls
    
    This staple bread for Mexican sandwiches is made in bakeries all over Mexico; it's a smaller cousin of French bread, with a softer texture inside, and a crispy crust on the outside. Telera rolls show up at any meal, split and adorned with any number of luscious fillings. Telera are most often used for the Mexican sandwich known as a torta, which usually contains mashed avocado, a spread made if black beans or refried beans, pickled jalapenos, lettuce, tomato, and onion.
    
     Dough  2 teaspoons instant yeast 340g water 1 tablespoon honey 1 tablespoon lard, shortening, or butter, melted and cooled 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 422 to 482g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Glaze  1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water 
    
     Directions   In a large bowl or the pan of your bread machine set on the dough cycle, combine the yeast, water, honey, melted fat, salt, and 3 1/2 cups of the flour. Mix until a soft dough forms.  Check the doughs consistency; if the dough sticks to your finger when you touch it lightly, add 1/4 cup of the additional flour and mix for another minute. Check the dough again, adding the remaining 1/4 cup of flour only if you need it; the dough should be soft, but not sticky.  Knead for 6 to 8 minutes at medium speed in a stand mixer, or 10 minutes by hand, until it's smooth and bouncy.   Cover the bowl and let rise for 1 hour, until doubled, or let the bread machine complete its cycle.   Once the dough has risen, deflate it and divide into 10 pieces, roll into balls, and cover the pieces.   Let them rest for 5 minutes before shaping the rolls into a football shape, tapering toward the edges; the rolls should be 5 1/2" long and 2" around at the center.   Place the rolls onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet and cover with greased plastic. Allow the rolls to rise while turning the oven on and preheating to 400°F  When the rolls are almost doubled in size, brush the tops and sides with egg wash. Using a greased knife, slash the rolls twice parallel to each other. Press down firmly with each slice.   Bake for 20 to 22 minutes, until golden brown and the centers read 190°F on a digital thermometer. Remove from the oven and cool completely before slicing.   
    
    
    