Tender White Rolls
    
    These rolls are for all of you white bread bakers out there. This recipe has some particular attributes which make it perfect for Thanksgiving; you can mix up the dough the night before (it doesn't even require kneading), refrigerate it, and in the morning shape your rolls. Rolls will rise slowly all morning, and will be just ready to pop into the oven after the turkey comes out. When the turkey's cool enough to carve, the rolls will be ready to serve.
    
       11g active dry yeast 1 teaspoon sugar or malt powder 113g warm water 113g butter or margarine 227g milk or buttermilk (See "tips", below.) 3 large eggs 11g to 50g sugar (See "tips", below.) 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 659g to 723g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 28g butter, melted (to brush on rolls after they're baked) 
    
     Directions   In a small bowl, combine the yeast, sugar or malt, and warm water. Stir to dissolve, and set aside.  In a small saucepan, combine the butter or margarine, and milk or buttermilk.  Heat over low heat, stirring, until butter melts (you can do this in the microwave, if you prefer). Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.  When the milk mixture is lukewarm, transfer it to a large mixing bowl and stir in the eggs, sugar and salt. Add the yeast mixture, and approximately 5 1/2 cups flour; the dough will be quite slack.  Mix the dough in the bowl for 5 minutes, either with the flat paddle attachment of an electric mixer or by hand, with a spoon or dough whisk.  Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, or transfer the dough to a well-oiled, very large plastic bag (such as our all-purpose bread bags). Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight.  Approximately 3 1/2 hours before you want to bake rolls, remove the dough from the refrigerator. At this point, you can proceed in several ways. You can make simple round rolls by dividing dough into 24 pieces and forming each piece into a ball; you can make shaped rolls; or you can go the "sticky bun" route, rolling dough into a 1/2" thick rectangle, and spreading with butter and a savory or sweet filling. (See "tips", below.)  Place your 24 round rolls or rolled buns into a large, buttered baking pan, not touching but close to one another. We use a 14" round deep-dish pizza pan, which seems to be exactly the right size for this recipe. If you've made shaped rolls (crescents, fan tans, cloverleaf), place in pans accordingly. Set rolls aside to rise for approximately 3 hours.  When the rolls have almost risen completely — they should fill the pan — preheat oven to 400°F.  Bake rolls for about 20 minutes, or until they're golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and brush with melted butter.  Store for up to 3 days at room temperature, well-wrapped, or freeze for a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you use a savory filling, use the minimum amount of sugar, and the buttermilk. For plain white rolls, or those using a sweet filling, increase the amount of sugar, and use plain milk.For savory fillings, chopped fresh herbs are nice (or dried herbs, if fresh are unavailable), as are seeds — poppy, sesame, caraway or flax. Fennel seeds will give rolls an Italian flavor. For added texture, sprinkle rolls with grain flakes; e.g., rolled oats, wheat or rye flakes, etc. Cheese is always a nice filling, as is pesto. If you'd like, try combinations: sprinkle sesame seeds in the bottom of the pan, then spread unrolled dough with Parmesan cheese; or sprinkle cheese in the pan, then put chopped basil on dough. (Beware: cheese in the bottom of the pan will make rolls stick; you'll need to use a spatula to get them out.)Sweet fillings can include the traditional brown sugar, cinnamon and raisin; dried cranberry, orange oil and sugar; or canned pumpkin mixed with an egg and sugar.If you're rolling the dough out and creating spirals: Roll the dough up, pinching the seam to close, and cut into 24 slices; a piece of dental floss works very well here. Simply loop floss around the roll and cross the ends over one another, cutting the rolls without squeezing them down, as a knife might. 
    