Three-Cheese Semolina Bread
    
    With grated Parmesan in the dough, and chunks of Asiago and provolone studded throughout, this bread is a cheese-lover's dream come true.
    
       241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 142g semolina 2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon Pizza Dough Flavor, optional 25g garlic oil or olive oil 227 to 255g lukewarm water 99g freshly grated Parmesan cheese 113g diced Provolone cheese, smoked or plain, mild or sharp 113g diced or coarsely crumbled Asiago cheese, mild or sharp 
    
     Directions   Combine everything but the three cheeses, and beat on medium speed of an electric mixer to make a soft, smooth dough. It may or may not clear the sides of the bowl; either way is just fine. Switch to the dough hook, and knead for about 5 minutes.  Add the three cheeses, and mix until well combined.  Put the soft dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure, cover, and let rise for about 2 hours, till very puffy.  Lightly grease a 14" to 15" covered stoneware baker. Or lightly grease a baking sheet, or line with parchment. Sprinkle semolina into the pan, or onto the baking sheet.  Gently deflate the dough. For one long loaf, shape it into a 13" log, and place in the stoneware baker. For two loaves, divide the dough in half, and place both halves on the prepared baking sheet.  Tent lightly with greased plastic wrap (or cover the stoneware baker with its lid), and let rise for about an hour, till noticeably puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 425°F.  Take the plastic off the bread. Spray it with water, and use a sharp knife to make three diagonal slashes in each loaf.  If you're using the stoneware pan, leave the cover on. Bake the bread for 30 minutes; remove the cover, and bake for an additional 10  minutes, till the bread is golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center  registers about 190°F to 200°F. If you're baking smaller loaves, check to see if they're done after 30 minutes.   Remove the bread from the oven, and take it out of the pan. If you've baked in the stoneware pan, loosen the edges, and carefully turn the bread out of the pan onto a rack to cool.  Yield: 1 large or 2 smaller loaves.  
    
    
    