Toasted Wheat Bread
    
    Toasting grains, seeds or nuts brings out the flavors tremendously. You may give up a few nutrients when toasting, but the addition of bran, germ and soy will more than compensate.
    
     Sponge  680g warm water (110°F) 21g active dry yeast 25g brown sugar 25g canola oil 14g wheat bran 35g soy flour 28g wheat germ 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Dough  170g King Arthur Premium 100% Whole Wheat Flour 2 teaspoons salt about 241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Topping  14g wheat germ, optional 
    
     Directions   To make the sponge: In a large bowl stir the yeast into the water to soften.  Add the brown sugar, oil, wheat bran, soy flour, 1/4 cup wheat germ, and 2 cups unbleached flour. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes.  Cover and let rise for 45 minutes. This is a sponge, and will be the consistency of cake batter. The mixture will be frothy and full of bubbles at the end of the rising time.  While the sponge is rising, toast the whole wheat. Put the whole wheat flour into a 10" skillet over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring often with a whisk, until well toasted, about 10 minutes. The flour should be watched carefully to prevent scorching. Set aside to cool.   To make the dough: Add the toasted flour and salt to the sponge. Beat vigorously until well combined.  Gradually add the unbleached flour, a little at a time, until you have a dough stiff enough to knead.  Turn the dough out onto a floured surface. Knead, adding flour as necessary, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.  Put the dough into an oiled bowl, turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a towel, and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.  Grease two 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pans.  Turn the dough out onto a work surface. Divide the dough in half. Shape the dough into loaves.  For each loaf sprinkle the work surface with 1 tablespoon of wheat germ. Gently roll the shaped loaf around in the germ so that it becomes lightly embedded on all sides.  Place the loaves in the pans. Cover the loaves with a towel, and let them rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.  While the bread is rising, preheat the oven to 375°F.  Bake the loaves for 30 minutes, or until the sides and tops are dark golden and the bread is firm when touched.  Immediately remove the bread from pans and cool on a rack.  The loaves may be stored well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days, or frozen for a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  This no-cholesterol bread is extremely low in fat and high in carbohydrates, too, as most breads are. About 85 calories per 1/2" slice. 
    