Valentine Sugar Hearts
    
    Simple and classic, these soft, sweet, buttery white rolls are  delicious warm out of the oven (or frozen and reheated), and a perfect accompaniment to tea or coffee.
    
     Dough  2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 99g unsalted butter, melted and cooled 198g lukewarm milk 1 large egg 25g sugar 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon baker's ammonia, optional, for a touch of lightness 18g King Arthur Easy-Roll Dough Improver, optional 333g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  Topping  28g butter, melted Baker's Special Sugar or super-fine sugar 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — and mix and knead until you've made a soft, smooth dough, about 7 to 12 minutes.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, and set it aside to rise, covered, for 30 minutes. It'll become quite puffy.  Divide the dough into 20 ping-pong ball sized pieces (1 to 1 1/8 ounces, 28g to 32g each).  Gently roll each ball into a 12" to 14" rope, and curl the ropes into heart shapes. (Try shaping them first like a rounded capital "M", then bringing the legs of the M together at the bottom.)  Place the shaped rolls on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets, cover them, and let them rise for 30 minutes; they'll become somewhat puffy.  Bake the rolls in a preheated 450°F oven for about 9 minutes, until they're golden brown.  Brush them with the melted butter, and sprinkle them with extra-fine sugar (or cinnamon-sugar, if you prefer).  Serve warm. (See "tips", below, for freezing/reheating tips.)  Store, wrapped, for 2 days at room temperature, or freeze for a month. (See "Tips", below, for freezing/reheating tips.)  
    
     Tips from our bakers  To freeze and reheat the rolls: Remove the rolls from the oven; don't brush them with melted butter. Allow them to cool completely, then wrap them in an airtight package and freeze for up to 2 weeks. When ready to serve, remove them from the freezer; place them close together on a baking sheet; tent them with aluminum foil, and bake in a preheated 350°F oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they're soft. Brush with butter and sprinkle with sugar as directed above.Our thanks to Mr. J. Dyall in Pakistan, for sharing this recipe. 
    