Vollkornbrot
    
    One hundred percent pumpernickel bread? Yes, it can be done! In fact, this loaf requires very little active hands-on time or kneading, and the biggest challenge you'll face is allowing it to sit for 24 to 48 hours once it's made. Enjoy thin slices of this loaf with cured ham or salmon, your favorite preserve, or a simple slather of butter. It will keep for weeks, wrapped in plastic in the refrigerator, or for months in the freezer, so the possibilities are endless.
    
     Starter  397g pumpernickel flour 397g warm water 21g ripe (fed) sourdough starter; or 1/4 teaspoon instant yeast  Soaker  283g rye chops 283g water  Dough  213g pumpernickel flour 57g water 1 tablespoon salt 71g sunflower seeds 2 teaspoons instant yeast 
    
     Directions   Mix the starter ingredients until smooth, cover, and let rest at room temperature overnight.  At the same time, combine the soaker ingredients, cover, and let rest at room temperature overnight.  The next day, lightly grease the inside of a 13" pain de mie (pullman loaf) pan, then dust it with pumpernickel flour.  Combine the starter, soaker, and dough ingredients, by hand or using a stand mixer. Mix and knead the dough until it becomes dense and sticky, but still loose; it won't require a lot of mixing.  Transfer the dough directly to a lightly greased work surface and form it into a 13" log. Place the log into the prepared pan.   Sprinkle a thin layer of pumpernickel flour over the surface of the dough, cover with plastic wrap, and allow the dough to sit for 60 minutes, until just slightly risen.  Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 450°F.  Bake the loaf (without the lid on the pan) for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 425° and bake for 50 to 60 minutes longer, until the surface is cracked and dark brown.   Remove the bread from the pan, transfer it to a baking sheet, and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes, until the loaf's internal temperature reaches at least 205° on a digital thermometer inserted into the center.  Remove the loaf from the oven, and transfer it to a rack to cool completely.   Wrap the cooled bread in a towel, or place it in a paper bag and let it rest for at least 24 to 48 hours before slicing.  
    
    
    