Warm-Your-Heart Buns
    
    These are quintessential hot yeast buns — but with an unexpected and refreshing jolt of citrus. The citrus essence elevates them beyond ordinary dinner rolls to something special: tea or breakfast rolls, perfect for spreading with homemade raspberry preserves. Tender and buttery, with a crisp, sugar-sweetened crust, they're distinctly and assertively citrus, but not inherently sweet.
    
     Dough  170g water 57g unsalted butter 1 large egg + 1 egg yolk (reserve white for topping) 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil, or 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia* 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 25g sugar 18g Baker's Special Dry Milk or nonfat dry milk 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons instant yeast * 1/4 teaspoon Fiori di Sicilia is mild; 1/2 teaspoon is very assertive. We recommend something in between.  Glaze  1 egg white mixed with 71g sparkling white sugar; or 1 egg white + pearl sugar 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand, mixer, or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth, soft and supple dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours, or until it's puffy, though it probably won't have doubled in bulk. (If using a bread machine, allow the dough to rise for another 30 minutes after the end of the cycle.)  Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface, and divide it into 16 pieces.  Allow the pieces to rest, covered, for 10 minutes.  Lightly grease a 12" x 12" sticky bun pan, 12" round pan, or 9" x 13" pan.  Round the dough into balls, and place them in the prepared pan.  Cover the pan, and allow the buns to rise for about 1 1/2 hours, or until they're nice and puffy; when you press a finger gently into a bun, the resulting indentation shouldn't spring back.  While the buns are rising, combine the egg white and sparkling white (coarse) sugar, and set aside. If you're using pearl sugar, simply beat the egg white to loosen it up, and have the pearl sugar on hand.  Toward the end of the rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  When the buns are risen, slather them heavily with the egg white/sugar glaze. Or, if you're using pearl sugar, brush them with egg white, and sprinkle heavily with pearl sugar.  Bake the buns for 22 to 25 minutes, or until they're golden brown. Remove the buns from the oven, and transfer them to a wire rack to cool.  Serve warm, or store in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Freeze for up to a month.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Apricots are a nice touch in these buns. Use 2/3 cup (3 ounces, 85g) slivered, dried apricots, kneading them into the dough after the first rise, just before shaping. 
    