Wheat-Oat-Flax Buns
    
    These soft, tender buns feature some of Canada's most important grain crops: wheat, oats, and flax. The addition of canola oil adds another touch of the North: canola oil, made from rapeseed, was originally developed in Canada as a special, lower-acid vegetable oil. In fact, its name is an acronym: CANadian Oil, Low Acid.  These buns are a perfect whole-grain alternative to the squishy white rolls usually offered at cookouts. Looking to increase your fiber and vitamin intake in a tasty way? This recipe's for you.   Note: Some people don't like the taste of canola oil in baked goods. If that's you, simply substitute any vegetable oil for the canola oil.
    
     Buns  241g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour or King Arthur Unbleached Bread Flour 43g old-fashioned rolled oats (not quick oats) 113g White Whole Wheat Flour or Premium Whole Wheat Flour 43g whole flax meal 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 50g canola oil or melted butter (2 ounces) 1 large egg yolk, white reserved for topping 64g honey 57g orange juice 170 to 198g lukewarm water** *Orange juice won't add its own flavor to the rolls, but will mellow any potential bitterness in the whole wheat. **Use the greater amount of liquid in winter or in drier climates; the lesser amount in summer, or in a humid environment.  Topping  1 large egg white, reserved from dough, whisked with 2 tablespoons cold water rolled oats and/or flax seeds, for topping 
    
     Directions   Combine all of the ingredients, and mix until cohesive. Cover the bowl, and let the dough rest for 20 minutes, to give the whole grains a chance to absorb some of the liquid. Then knead — by hand, stand mixer, or bread machine — to make a smooth, soft, elastic dough.  Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, or in an 8-cup measure (so you can track its progress as it rises), and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until it's risen noticeably. It won't necessarily double in bulk.  Gently deflate the dough, and divide it into 12 pieces (about 70g each). Shape each piece into a round ball; use your fingers to pull and flatten each ball into a circle about 3" across.   Place the buns on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet, cover, and let rise for about 90 minutes, until noticeably puffy. Towards the end of the rising time, preheat the oven to 350°F.    Brush the buns with the egg white/water mixture. Sprinkle with oats and/or flax seeds.  Bake the buns for 21 to 25 minutes, until they're golden brown. Remove them from the oven, and transfer them to a rack to cool.   Wrap completely cooled buns airtight, and store at room temperature for several days; freeze for longer storage.  Yield: 12 buns.  
    
    
    