White Chili with Cornbread
    
    This tasty white chili, made with chicken or turkey, is topped with green chile cornbread. Dig in!
    
     Chili  25g olive oil 1 large onion, peeled and chopped, about 397g chopped onion 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped into 1/2" pieces; about 170g chopped pepper 1 small jalapeño pepper, diced; remove and discard seeds for milder chili 1 to 4 cloves garlic (to taste), peeled and minced  1 pound bag frozen corn, thawed; or 3 cups fresh or frozen/thawed corn kernels  2 cans (4 1/2 ounces each) chopped green chiles, undrained 680g chopped cooked chicken or turkey meat, white and/or dark 1 can (15 to 19 ounces) white beans or cannellini beans, undrained 1 tablespoon ground cumin, or to taste 3/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste  3-ounce package cream cheese 113 to 170g grated cheddar cheese, optional, for topping  Cornbread topping  206g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 156g yellow cornmeal 25g sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon salt 4 1/2-ounce can chopped mild green chiles, drained 7g chopped fresh cilantro, optional 283g milk 113g butter, melted and cooled 1 large egg 
    
     Directions   To make the chili: Heat the oil in a large frying pan. Add the onion, peppers, and garlic, frying until the vegetables are soft and the onions are barely beginning to turn golden, about 10 to 15 minutes.  Add the corn, chiles, and chicken or turkey, stirring to combine.  Place the beans with their liquid in a food processor or blender, and process until smooth. Add to the pan with the meat and vegetables, stirring to combine.  Stir in the cumin and salt.  Simmer the chili slowly for 30 minutes, stirring frequently. While the chili simmers, make the cornbread topping, and start preheating the oven to 375°F.  In a medium bowl, whisk together the flours, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, chiles, and fresh cilantro.  In another bowl or large measuring cup, whisk together the milk, melted butter, and egg.  Pour the liquid all at once into the flour mixture, stirring quickly and gently until just combined. Set the batter aside while you finish the chili.   Add the cream cheese to the chili, stirring until it melts. Adjust the salt, if necessary.  Spoon the chili into a lightly greased 9" x 13" x 2"-deep pan. You'll need about 1" clearance between the chili and the top of the pan, to ensure the cornbread topping doesn't overflow. If your pan is shallower than 2", fill with chili until it comes no closer than 1" to the top.  You may also divide the chili among individual serving dishes. The entire recipe makes about 8 cups of chili; if you use 2-cup capacity ramekins or bakers, spoon 1 cup chili into each.   Top the chili with grated cheddar cheese, if desired; then with the cornbread batter. For 8 individual ramekins or bakers, use 1/2 cup batter for each.   Bake the chili and cornbread for about 25 minutes, until the top is set and a toothpick inserted into the cornbread comes out clean. The individual servings will bake for about 20 minutes.  Remove from the oven, and serve hot or warm.  Yield: about 8 to 12 servings.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  Feel free to use canned or fresh corn instead of frozen; or Southwest-style frozen corn, with diced red peppers.Our thanks to grouprecipes.com, for the inspiration to smooth the chili's texture with puréed beans, and add richness with cream cheese.  
    