White Sandwich Bread
    
    This golden-crusted, soft white bread is a versatile star. Enjoy it toasted (or made into French toast) in the morning; for sandwiches at lunchtime; and in the breadbasket, ready for buttering, at dinner.     Our guarantee: This tender, close-grained loaf rises to a lovely 4 1/2" dome, and bakes up golden brown.   
    
       2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast 198 to 255g lukewarm water* 361g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour  1 1/4 teaspoons salt 35g sugar 85g unsalted butter, room temperature 28g Baker's Special Dry Milk or 5/8 ounce nonfat dry milk 46g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes *Use the lesser amount in summer (or in a humid environment), the greater amount in winter (or in a dry climate), and somewhere in between the rest of the year, or if your house is climate controlled. 
    
     Directions   If you're using active dry yeast, dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water. Let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes, until the mixture has bubbled and expanded. If you're using instant yeast, you can skip this step.  Combine the dissolved yeast (or instant yeast) with the remainder of the ingredients. Mix and knead everything together — by hand, mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you've made a smooth dough. If you're kneading in a stand mixer, it should take about 7 minutes at second speed, and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl, perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom. In a bread machine (or by hand), it should form a smooth ball.   Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl. Cover the bowl, and allow the dough to rise, at room temperature, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it's nearly doubled in bulk. Rising may take longer, especially if you've kneaded by hand. Give it enough time to become quite puffy.  Gently deflate the dough, and shape it into an 8" log.  Transfer the log, smooth side up, to a lightly greased 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan. Tent the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap.  Allow the bread to rise until it's crested about 1 1/4" over the rim of the pan, about 1 hour. Again, it may rise more slowly for you; let it rise till it's 1 1/4" over the rim of the pan, even if that takes longer than an hour. While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.  Bake the bread for 15 minutes. Tent it lightly with aluminum foil, and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes, till the crust is golden brown, and the interior temperature measures 190°F on a digital thermometer.  Remove the bread from the oven, and gently loosen the edges with a heatproof spatula or table knife. Turn it out of the pan, and brush the top surface with butter, if desired; this will give it a soft, satiny crust. Allow the bread to cool completely before slicing. As soon as it's completely cool, wrap it tightly in plastic wrap; or in a plastic bag, air pressed and fastened securely at the top.    
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you're kneading bread by hand, it's tempting to keep adding flour till the dough is no longer sticky. Resist the temptation! The more flour you add while you're kneading, the heavier and drier your final loaf will be. The amount of liquid you use to make the "perfect" dough will vary with the seasons. Flour is like a sponge; it absorbs water during the humid days of summer, and dries out during the winter. Your goal should be making the dough as it's described (e.g., soft, and smooth, but not sticky), rather than sticking religiously to the amount of liquid. When making yeast bread, let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should, e.g., "Let the dough rise till it's doubled in bulk." Rising times are only a guide; there are so many variables in yeast baking (how you kneaded the dough; what kind of yeast you used) that it's impossible to say that bread dough will ALWAYS double in bulk in a specific amount of time. 
    