White Chocolate Bread
    
    The white chocolate chips or chunks in this bread partially melt, scenting the whole bread with the aroma of white chocolate, and providing small "pools" of chocolate in every bite. The dough bakes into pillowy rolls for a morning snack.
    
     Dough  227g low-fat milk 14g water 28g softened butter 390g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 25g sugar 2 teaspoons instant yeast 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, optional 170g white chocolate chips or chunks  Glaze, optional  85g white chocolate chips or chunks 28g butter 21g honey or light corn syrup 14g milk (preferably whole) or cream 113g confectioners' sugar or glazing sugar  Topping  57g white chocolate chips or chunks 
    
     Directions   To make the bread: Place all of the dough ingredients (see "tips", below) into the bucket of your bread machine. Program the machine for basic bread, light crust, and press Start.  To make the glaze (optional): In a small saucepan set over low heat, or in the microwave, melt together the white chocolate, butter, honey, and milk or cream, stirring until smooth.  Sift the sugar into the chocolate mixture, and stir; thin with a teaspoon or so of extra milk if necessary to make a smooth, spreadable glaze.  To make the topping: Chop or crush the white chocolate.  Just before the final rise cycle begins, brush the top of the loaf with water or beaten egg white, and sprinkle with the crushed white chocolate. (This step is optional, but if you like caramelized white chocolate, it really adds a nice touch.) Allow the machine to finish its cycle.  To make into buns: After the rise, divide the dough into a dozen 2 1/2 ounce (71g) pieces, shaped into round balls. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet.  Cover and let rise for 30 to 45 minutes; the buns will be quite puffy.  Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Gently brush the buns with water or beaten egg white, and sprinkle the white chocolate for the topping on them.  Bake the buns in a preheated 350°F oven for 18 to 20 minutes, until they're a light golden brown.  Optionally, spread the glaze over the warm rolls, then allow them to cool for an hour or so, for the glaze to harden.  Store for up to 5 days, well-wrapped at room temperature, or freeze for 3 months.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  If you have a bread machine that seems to heat the dough a lot as it kneads, such as the Breadman, add half the chocolate at the beginning of the kneading cycle and half near the end, as otherwise it may all melt. Adding all of the chocolate at the beginning worked fine with the Zojirushi, which is a "cooler kneader" than Breadman.Bread machines are terrific tools and there's always a few tips to improve the experience. Check out our blog  Successful Loaves from your Bread Machine to ensure a beautifully kneaded and baked loaf. 
    