Wine Biscuits
    
    Wine, as in containing wine? Or as in to serve with wine? Well, both, actually. These sweet, peppery-hot biscuits are a variation on a traditional Italian favorite, biscotti di vino, hard, semisweet biscuits served with an after-dinner cheese, or as a pre-dinner apéritif, along with wine. We like them served on the porch, after a hard day in a hot kitchen at work. Sangria, that Spanish concoction of mild wine and fruit, is a perfect accompaniment. But they're fine with a grape juice spritzer, too, or lemon-scented club soda. By the way, the term "biscuit," as it's used here, refers to a hard, fairly dense cracker-type of bread, rather than the biscuit Americans know — a soft white-bread roll.
    
       298g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper 50 to 71g sugar, to taste (See "tips", below.) 1 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons baking powder 142g dry red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon (non-alcoholic is fine) 50g vegetable oil 
    
     Directions   In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine the flour, pepper, sugar, salt and baking powder.  In a separate bowl, whisk together the wine and vegetable oil.  Add the liquid ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat vigorously until the mixture is smooth, about 1 minute.  Cover the bowl, and refrigerate the dough for at least 1 hour, or overnight.  Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease or parchment-line a baking sheet.  Break off a piece of dough about the size of a walnut (about 3/4 ounce), and roll it into a ball. Poke a hole in the middle of the ball to make a small "bagel-shaped" biscuit. Place it on the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough.  Bake the biscuits for 35 to 40 minutes, or until they're golden brown (they'll actually look kind of purple; that's OK). Remove them from the oven, and cool completely on a wire rack.   Store, covered, for up to 2 weeks.  
    
     Tips from our bakers  The greater amount of sugar will make a biscuit which is just about as sweet as a cookie; the lesser amount will yield a more "savory-type" biscuit. 
    