Zo Apple Cobbler
    
    This cobbler isn't the most gorgeous dessert you'll ever make. But we guarantee it'll meet with everyone's approval nonetheless. Cinnamon-scented cake batter is topped with sliced fresh apples and maple syrup, and the boundary between the two disappears as the cake bakes, yielding super-moist chunks of cake interspersed with soft, cinnamon-y apples. Add some whipped cream or vanilla ice cream, and say a prayer of thanks for autumn's apple harvest.
    
     Batter  113g butter 71g brown sugar 113g buttermilk, plain yogurt, or liquid whey 120g King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1 teaspoon vanilla extract  Topping  4 medium or 3 large Granny Smith or other firm apples, peeled, cored, and sliced 1/4" thick (about 624g sliced apples)4 medium or 3 large Granny Smith or other firm apples, peeled, cored, and sliced 1/4" thick (about 624g sliced apples) 156g to 234g maple syrup* *Use 1/2 cup REAL maple syrup; or 3/4 cup supermarket "maple syrup." 
    
     Directions   Remove the paddles from the bread machine bucket. Spray the inside of the bucket with non-stick vegetable oil spray.   Using the homemade menu, program the machine for bake, 70 minutes. If you have the newer Virtuoso model, program for bake, 80 minutes. Either way, add the keep warm option.  In a medium-sized bowl, mix together the melted butter and sugar until well combined.  Add the buttermilk, yogurt, or whey; and the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and vanilla, beating until smooth.  Spoon the batter into the pan, smoothing it into the corners.  Spread the apples atop the batter. Pour the syrup over the apples.  Press Start.  Allow the machine to complete its cycle. For a stiffer cobbler, allow it to go through its keep warm option, too; feel free to scoop out a taste once it's finished baking and is in keep warm!  Remove the bucket from the machine, and serve the cobbler right form the bucket, scooping all the way to the bottom to get some cake with each serving. Serve warm, or at room temperature; with ice cream, whipped cream, or just as is, in all its cinnamon-y glory.  Yield: 6 to 8 servings.  
    
    
    