italian hearth bread

here is one of our favorite single-loaf recipes for this pan . this light , fine-grained loaf makes great garlic bread ... or delicious grilled cheese sandwiches ! try fontina , mozzarella , or a combination of parmesan and mascarpone cheeses . dipping a mozzarella , garlic and anchovy sandwich in ( unsweetened ) french toast batter before frying yields the traditional mozzarella en carrozza .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
82 g semolina
255 g water
25 g olive oil
1 teaspoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast

manual/mixer method : in a large mixing bowl , combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing till the dough begins to come away from the sides of the bowl . knead the dough with an electric mixer for 2 minutes ; allow it to rest for 15 minutes , then continue kneading it for an additional 5 to 7 minutes , or until it 's smooth . add additional water or flour if needed - the dough should be somewhat sticky . if you 're kneading by hand , transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface ; knead it for 3 minutes ; allow it to rest for 15 minutes , then continue kneading till smooth , an additional 8 to 10 minutes . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 1 hour ; it should just about double in bulk . bread machine method : place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , adjust the consistency of the dough with additional flour or water ; it should be smooth , though still a bit sticky . allow the machine to complete its cycle . lightly grease the bottom part of your covered baker and sprinkle it with cornmeal or semolina . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and form it into a smooth , 13-inch log . place the dough in the pan , cover the pan with its lid , and let the dough rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour . check it occasionally to see where it 's at ; when ready to bake , it should have started to fill the pan side to side , and crowned about 1 '' over the rim . when it 's risen as much as you like , take a very sharp serrated knife and make three diagonal , 1/2 '' -deep cuts in the loaf . place the pan in a cold oven , and set the oven temperature to 425°f . bake the bread for 30 minutes . remove the lid from the pan , and bake an additional 5 to 10 minutes , or until the bread is golden brown and its interior temperature measures 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . the bread will bake for a total of about 35 to 40 minutes , starting in a cold oven . however , if your oven preheats slowly , you may find it necessary to allow the bread to bake an additional 10 minutes or so , beyond the suggested 5 to 10 minutes with the lid off . remove the bread from the pan , and allow it to cool on a rack . note : for the crispiest crust , turn the oven off , place the loaf on the middle oven rack , crack the oven door open a couple of inches , and allow the bread to cool in the oven .




orange blossoms

redolent of orange , in both the bun and the icing itself , these soft , slightly sweet rolls are wonderful warm , but almost as good at room temperature . knead a bit of candied orange peel into the dough , if you like ; you may find them a bit `` fancier '' that way , but be aware also that they 'll probably take longer to rise , due to the added sugar in the candied fruit .

rolls

113 g water
113 g orange juice
113 g sour cream
1 large egg
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
74 g sugar
35 g baker 's special dry milk or non-fat dry milk
1 teaspoon orange extract
510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar or 198 g baker 's special sugar , sanding , or castor sugar ( see `` tips '' , below . )
21 to 28 g orange juice

combine all the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a soft , smooth dough . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours ; it 'll be puffy , if not doubled in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and divide it into 24 golf ball-sized pieces , about 1 3/8 ounces ( 39g ) each . shape the pieces into smooth balls , and array them in two lightly greased 9 '' round cake pans ; they 'll be fairly close together , but this is ok. cover the pans with lightly greased plastic wrap or a dough-rising cover , and allow the rolls to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours . they 'll swell enough to touch each other and crowd the pan a bit , but wo n't double in size . preheat the oven to 350°f . if desired , snip a cross in the top of each roll with a pair of scissors ; this will give you more of the `` blossom '' effect , if you 're interested in a fancier presentation . bake the rolls for 20 minutes , or until they 're a light , golden brown . remove the pan from the oven , and transfer the the rolls to a wire rack . while the rolls are cooling , stir together the glaze ingredients . when the rolls are just lukewarm , drizzle them with the glaze . store , loosely covered , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

different sugars will give varying finishes to the buns : a confectioners ' sugar will leave an opaque glaze , while using baker 's special sugar , sanding , or castor sugar — all very finely granulated sugars — will leave a more transparent finish on the buns . the level of sweetness will not change.unless you have a 1-pound machine , your bread machine should be able to handle this capacity of flour , even if your usual recipe calls for 3 cups of flour . since the dough wo n't be baking in the machine , you do n't have to worry about over-expansion .


whole wheat pita with middle eastern salad

these soft pitas are made with a combination of white whole wheat flour , and bread flour . the whole wheat gives them a lightly nutty taste , and golden color ; the bread flour helps them `` pop '' in the oven .

pita

206 g king arthur organic 100 % white whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 to 255 g lukewarm water*
28 g orange juice
25 g olive oil
plain or herb/spice infused olive oil , to brush on finished pitas
*use the greater amount in winter or in a dry climate ; the lesser amount in summer or a humid climate .

middle eastern chopped salad

369 g diced tomato
255 g diced cucumber , unpeeled
heaping 1/8 teaspoon salt , or to taste
25 g olive oil
6 scallions , white and part of the green part , sliced ; optional
2 to 3 teaspoons lemon juice , to taste ; optional

combine all of the pita ingredients ( except the oil for brushing ) , and mix and knead to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or large measuring cup , cover it , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , till it 's just about doubled in bulk . towards the end of the rising time , start to preheat your oven to 450°f , with a pizza stone on the bottom shelf , if you have one . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 8 pieces . shape each piece into a ball , cover them , and let them rest for 10 minutes . working with two pieces of dough at a time , roll each into a 6 '' circle . if you roll the dough about 7 '' wide , it 'll shrink back to about 6 '' . carefully flop the dough onto the hot pizza stone . if you 're not using a pizza stone , put it on an ungreased baking sheet , and put the baking sheet on your oven 's bottom rack . bake for 4 minutes . the pitas should rise enthusiastically . if they 're on a stone , they 'll probably puff up like balloons ; if they 're on a baking sheet , they 'll still expand ; just not as vigorously . turn the pitas over , and bake for an additional 60 seconds . remove them from the oven , and brush with your favorite olive oil , plain or flavored . wrap lightly in a cotton towel , to keep them soft . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough . serve pitas with chopped salad . yield : 8 pitas . to make the chopped salad : while the pita dough is rising , combine all of the salad ingredients , seasoning with salt and lemon juice to taste . let the salad rest at room temperature while you prepare the pitas .

tips from our bakers

why the addition of orange juice in the pita dough ? it helps tame the mildly tannic flavor of whole wheat . can you leave it out ? of course ; simply substitute water .


cinnamon rolls

warm cinnamon rolls are available at every airport , every mall , and many fast-food outlets . so why make your own ? because you control what 's in them , using your own butter , sugar , flour , cinnamon , and other natural ( not chemical-laden ) ingredients . and besides , there 's nothing like pulling warm rolls right out of your own oven ! our guarantee : these buns will be soft right out of the oven , and will firm up as they cool . moderately scented with cinnamon , they 'll rise to about 2 '' high .

dough

1 packet `` highly active '' active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
198 to 255 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
18 g nonfat dry milk
43 g instant mashed potato flakes
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

cinnamon filling

50 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons milk , to brush on dough

vanilla glaze

142 g confectioners ' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
57 to 71 g heavy cream or 1 to 1 1/2 ounces milk , enough to make a soft , spreadable icing

first , make the dough . if you 're using active dry yeast , dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons in the lukewarm water . let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes , until the mixture has bubbled and expanded . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the dissolved yeast ( or instant yeast ) with the remainder of the dough ingredients . mix and knead everything togetherby hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycletill you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take about 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , till it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 to 2 hours . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat or roll it into a 16 '' x12 '' rectangle . it 's a nice , soft dough , and pats out easily . to make the filling , whisk together the sugar , cinnamon , and flour . brush the dough lightly with milk . sprinkle the filling evenly over the dough , covering the entire surface . roll the dough into a log the long way ; it 'll stretch to about 20 '' long as you roll . using a serrated knife , slice the log into 16 slices . in order to cut down on drag , it helps to rinse the blade in hot water , and wipe it off , between slices . space eight rolls in each of the prepared pans . flatten them gently . cover the pans , and let the rolls rise till they 're noticeably puffy , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours ; they should spread out and start to crowd one another . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls till they 're brown around the edges and beginning to turn golden brown across the center , about 20 minutes . if you 're going to serve the rolls immediately , make the icing while the rolls are baking . combine the sugar , vanilla , and enough cream or milk to make a spreadable icing . if you 're not serving the rolls immediately , do n't make the icing yet . remove the rolls from the oven , and loosen their edges with a knife . turn them out of the pan onto a rack . to enjoy right away , spread with the icing and serve . to serve the rolls later , allow them to cool completely , then wrap in plastic wrap and store at room temperature for up to 3 days . fifteen minutes before you 're ready to serve , preheat the oven to 350°f . unwrap the rolls , place them on an ungreased baking sheet , and tent lightly with aluminum foil . bake for 10 to 15 minutes , until they 're nicely warmed . while the rolls are reheating , make the icing . remove the rolls from the oven , and spread with the icing . serve immediately .

tips from our bakers

why do you brush the dough with milk before spreading on the cinnamon-sugar ? the protein in the milk acts like glue as the rolls bake , keeping the filling from oozing out.when making anything with yeast , including these rolls , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking ( how you knead the dough ; what kind of yeast you use ) that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


hamburger or hot dog buns

summer is the time of year when everyone thinks about grilling outdoors . homemade buns make hamburgers and hot dogs taste out of this world . if you live in an area where the temperature gets so hot you do n't want to heat up your oven , make a bunch of buns early in the season and freeze them . to give them a heartier texture , you can substitute 2 cups of king arthur premium whole wheat flour for an equal amount of king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour .

25 g sugar
14 g active dry yeast or instant yeast
120 g warm water ( 105°f to 115°f )
488 g warm milk ( 105°f to 115°f )
27 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons salt
720 g to 900 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour*
egg wash : 1 egg beaten with 15 g cold water
sesame , poppy or caraway seeds or coarse salt ( optional )
*see `` tips '' below

to mix the dough : in a large bowl , dissolve the sugar and then the yeast in the warm water . add the milk , oil , salt and 3 cups of flour to the yeast mixture . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . gradually add flour , 1/4 cup at a time , until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a floured work surface . knead until you have a smooth , elastic dough . because this dough is so slack , you may find that a bowl scraper or bench knife can be helpful in scooping up the dough and folding it over on itself . put the dough into an oiled bowl . turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover with a tightly-woven dampened towel and let rise until doubled , about one hour . turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface . divide into 18 equal pieces . this is done most easily by dividing the dough first into thirds , then those thirds into halves , then the halves into thirds . shape each piece into a ball . for hamburger buns , flatten the balls into 3 1/2-inch disks . for hot-dog buns , roll the balls into cylinders , 4 1/2-inches in length . flatten the cylinders slightly ; dough rises more in the center so this will give a gently rounded top versus a high top . for soft-sided buns , place them on a well-seasoned baking sheet a half inch apart so they 'll grow together when they rise . for crisper buns , place them three inches apart . for the second rising , cover with a towel and let rise until almost doubled , about 45 minutes . fifteen minutes before you want to bake your buns , preheat your oven to 400°f . just before baking , lightly brush the tops of the buns with the egg wash and sprinkle with whatever seeds strike your fancy . bake for 20 minutes or until the internal temperature of the bread reaches 190°f . ( a dough thermometer takes the guesswork out of this . ) when the buns are done , remove them from the baking sheet to cool on a wire rack . this will prevent the crust from becoming soggy .

tips from our bakers

we give you this fairly wide variation for a couple of reasons . first , you 'll find in the summer that you 'll need a bit more flour to absorb a given amount of liquid than you will in the winter . this is because it 's humid and flour acts somewhat like a slightly dampened sponge as a result . second , this particular dough should be quite slack , i.e. , very relaxed in order to make soft and tender buns . so you want to add only enough more flour , past the 6-cup point , to make the dough just kneadable ; sprinkling only enough more to keep it from sticking to you or the board .


light-as-air seed bread

this light-textured loaf with crunchy crust is perfect to serve with soup or stew .

bread

241 g king arthur organic bread flour
142 g semolina
255 g lukewarm water
1 tablespoon garlic oil or olive oil
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

1 tablespoon artisan bread topping or your favorite seed mixture

combine all of the bread ingredients , mixing and kneading to make a smooth , slightly sticky dough . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 1 hour ; it should just about double in bulk . lightly grease the bottom part of a long covered stoneware baker , about 14 1/2 '' x 5 '' . sprinkle it with cornmeal or semolina . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and form it into a smooth 13 '' log . place the log in the pan , brush the top with water , and sprinkle with artisan bread topping or your favorite seeds . cover the pan with its lid , and let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes . check it occasionally to see where it 's at ; when ready to bake , it should have started to fill the pan side to side , and crowned about 1 '' over the rim . just before putting the loaf into the oven , slash the top several times . hold your knife at a 45° angle to the dough 's surface , and slice quickly and decisively , about 1/2 '' deep . place the pan in a cold oven , and set the oven temperature to 425°f . bake the bread for 30 minutes , remove the lid from the pan , and bake an additional 5 to 10 minutes , or until the bread is golden brown and its interior temperature measures 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the pan , and allow it to cool on a rack . store any leftovers , wrapped in plastic , at room temperature . yield : about 12 servings .




sweet cheese coffee bread

the following cake , somewhat reminiscent of a cheese danish , goes extremely well with coffee . slice it no more than 1 '' thick , and serve it with fresh fruit , scrambled eggs , or other savory foods .

dough

57 g water
85 g sour cream or yogurt
85 g unsalted butter
1 large egg
1/4 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

227 g cream cheese
64 g granulated sugar
1 egg , beaten and divided ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
64 g diced , crystallized ginger ( optional )

topping

egg wash made from 1 egg ( see `` tips '' , below . )
53 g brown sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
43 g sliced almonds

in a large mixing bowl , combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough is smooth and supple , but a bit tacky . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and refrigerate it overnight . to make the filling : combine all of the filling ingredients except the ginger , beating until smooth . refrigerate until ready to use . to make the topping : in a small cup , mix together the remaining egg , brown sugar , and vanilla . set aside . to assemble the coffee bread : transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface , and roll it into a 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' thick rectangle , about 16 '' x 14 '' . the cold dough will be pleasant to work with — very solid , but soft and pliable . spread the filling on the dough , leaving a half-inch border around the edge . sprinkle the ginger , if you 're using it , atop the filling . tucking in the two short edges ( this will keep the filling inside as it bakes ) , and starting with a long edge , roll the dough up like a jelly roll . seal the side seam , and place the roll , seam-side down , on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , shaping it into a horseshoe-shape . make about 6 diagonal slashes in the top of the dough ( this will allow the steam from the filling to escape ) , then brush the topping all over the dough . sprinkle with the almonds . cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap or a dough-rising cover , and set it aside to rise for 2 hours or so ; it 'll become somewhat puffy , but really wo n't rise very much . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven 35 to 40 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , cool to lukewarm , slice , and serve . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

beat an egg until smooth , then use about 3 scant tablespoons of it in the filling , and the remainder in the topping . an alternative choice is to use liquid eggs or egg substitute.this dough will remain soft and somewhat sticky . try to work with it as well as you can without adding lots of additional flour , which will give you a tough , dry final product . to save time in the morning , you may choose to prepare the dough in the early morning , refrigerate it all day , then shape and fill it in the evening . refrigerate the filled loaf overnight , then remove it from the refrigerator , let it rest at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour ( the longer the better ) , and bake as directed above , giving it an extra 5 to 10 minutes . while the loaf this method produces is n't quite as nice — it flattens out somewhat , rather than rising — it tastes fine .


classic baguettes

these crunchy baguettes feature a chewy interior riddled with holes , and a crisp , deep-gold crust . while it 's a challenge to make `` real '' baguettes at home , this version is probably as close to an artisan bakery version as you 're going to find . the ingredients in baguettes are pure simplicity : flour , water , salt , and yeast . it 's the baker 's technique that turns an average baguette into an all-star . do n't expect perfection the first time out , but the more you practice your baguette-baking techniques , the better the baguette you 'll make . our guarantee : these baguettes , right out of the oven , will have a crunchy crust ; later , the crust will become chewy . they 'll be a deep golden brown , about 16 '' long , and 1 3/4 '' to 2 1/2 '' in diameter .

starter ( poolish )

113 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon active dry yeast or instant yeast
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour*

dough

1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
255 g lukewarm water
all of the starter
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour*
2 teaspoons salt
*see `` tips , '' below .

to make the starter : mix everything together to make a soft dough . cover and let rest at room temperature for about 14 hours ; overnight works well . the starter should have expanded and become bubbly . to make the dough : mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , somewhat smooth dough ; it should be cohesive , but the surface may still be a bit rough . if you 're using a stand mixer , knead for about 4 minutes on medium-low speed ( speed 2 on a kitchenaid ) ; the finished dough should stick a bit at the bottom of the bowl . place the dough in a lightly greased medium-sized bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for 90 minutes , gently deflating it , folding the edges into the center , and turning it over after 45 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . gently deflate it , and divide it into three equal pieces . round each piece of dough into a rough ball by pulling the edges into the center . cover with greased plastic wrap , and let rest for 15 minutes ; or for up to 1 hour , if that works better with your schedule . working with one piece at a time , flatten the dough slightly then fold it nearly ( but not quite ) in half , sealing the edges with the heel of your hand . turn the dough around , and repeat : fold , then flatten . repeat this whole process again ; the dough should have started to elongate itself . with the seam side down , cup your fingers and gently roll the dough into a 16 '' log . your goal is a 15 '' baguette , so 16 '' allows for the slight shrinkage you 'll see once you 're done rolling . taper each end of the log slightly to create the baguette 's typical `` pointy '' end . place the logs seam-side down onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined sheet pan or pans ; or into the folds of a heavily floured cotton dish towel ( or couche ) . cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the loaves to rise until they 're slightly puffy ( `` marshmallow-y '' is the term we use in our baking school ) . the loaves should certainly look lighter and less dense than when you first shaped them , but wo n't be anywhere near doubled in bulk . this should take about 45 minutes to an hour at room temperature ( about 68°f ) . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 450°f with a cast iron pan on the floor of the oven , or on the lowest rack . if you 're using a baking stone , place it on a middle rack . start to heat 1 1/2 cups water to boiling . if your baguettes have risen in a dish towel or couche , gently roll them ( seam side down ) onto a lightly greased ( or parchment-lined ) baking sheet . if you plan on baking them on a baking stone , roll them onto a piece of parchment , and lift the parchment onto a baker 's peel . using a baker 's lame ( a special curved blade ) or a very sharp knife held at about a 45° angle , make three to five long lengthwise slashes in each baguette . load the baguettes into the oven . if you ’ re baking on a stone , use a baker ’ s peel to transfer the baguettes , parchment and all , onto the hot stone . carefully pour the boiling water into the cast iron pan , and quickly shut the oven door . the billowing steam created by the boiling water will help the baguettes rise , and give them a lovely , shiny crust . bake the baguettes — on the pan , or on a stone — for 24 to 28 minutes , or until they 're a very deep golden brown . remove them from the oven and cool them on a rack . or , for the very crispiest baguettes , turn off the oven , crack it open about 2 '' , and allow the baguettes to cool completely in the oven , until both baguettes and oven are at room temperature . store any leftover baguettes in a paper bag overnight ; freeze for longer storage . thaw and reheat just before serving .

tips from our bakers

we recommend our unbleached all-purpose flour for this recipe , as its protein level and other attributes closely mimic the flour used by french bread bakers . feel free to use unbleached bread flour , if you like ; there 's no need to adjust the amount of liquid , the dough will simply be a bit stiffer.a long , slow rise is an excellent way to develop flavor in simple breads like this baguette . as yeast grows , it releases organic acids and alcohol , both of which are flavor carriers . if desired , reduce the yeast in the dough to 1 teaspoon and allow the dough to rise for 3 hours ( rather than 90 minutes ) at cool room temperature ( around 68°f ) . gently deflate the dough , fold it into the center , and turn it over after 1 hour , and again after 2 hours.to make demi baguettes : divide the dough into 6 pieces . shape each piece as you would for a classic baguette , rolling them into 7 '' to 8 '' long loaves .
bake baguettes in a three-well baguette pan , if desired .
to bake baguettes in a stoneware baguette baker : divide the dough into four pieces . shape each piece as you would for a classic baguette , rolling them into 12 '' -long loaves .
to make an épi de blé , a slightly longer and more slender loaf that bears resemblance to its namesake sheaf of wheat : divide the dough into 3 pieces . shape each piece as you would for a classic baguette . hold a pair of scissors at a low angle at one end of the loaf and open the scissors so they 're wider than the width of the bread . make a swift , clean cut 3/4 of the way into the dough , moving the cut piece to one side of the loaf . repeat the process 2 '' to 3 '' farther down the loaf , moving the newly cut piece to the opposite side of the loaf from the first . continue doing this until you reach the other end of the loaf . note : the farther you cut into the loaf , the more elegant , though fragile , your épi de blé will be .
want to make baked stuffed baguette sandwiches ? see full instructions in our blog .


rye kaiser rolls

serve hamburgers on these rye rolls for a nice change of pace .

206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
82 g pumpernickel flour
18 g rye bread improver or potato flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/4 teaspoons deli rye flavor , optional
11 g vegetable oil or 14 g softened butter
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g lukewarm water

combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a soft , fairly smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's noticeably puffy . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . divide dough into six balls , and place in a lightly greased hamburger bun pan , or on a parchment-lined baking sheet , flattening slightly . center the kaiser roll cutter over each ball , and press down firmly , cutting to the bottom but not all the way through the dough . turn the rolls over so they 're cut-side down ; this helps them retain their shape . cover and let rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until they 've almost doubled in volume . preheat the oven to 350°f . turn the rolls cut-side up , and bake for 15 to 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for up to 3 days on the counter , or for up to a month in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

note that the simplest way to give these rolls their traditional shape is with a kaiser roll stamp .


simple zucchini bread

plain and simple never tasted so good ! this basic zucchini bread recipe — moist , flavorful , and easy to slice — is perfectly good as written . add chips , chopped apple , dried cranberries , or the extra ingredients of your choice to take it a step beyond .

159 g brown sugar
43 g boiled cider , or 28 g apple juice , orange juice , milk , water , or the liquid of your choice
99 g vegetable oil
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon , optional
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
198 g grated or shredded zucchini
85 g chopped walnuts , toasted until golden
128 g raisins or currants , golden raisins preferred
28 g brown sugar for sprinkling on top , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-sized bowl , beat together the brown sugar , boiled cider or other liquid , vegetable oil , eggs , and vanilla until smooth . whisk the baking powder , baking soda , salt , and cinnamon into the flour , then add the dry ingredients to the liquid ingredients in the bowl , stirring or beating gently until smooth . stir in the zucchini , walnuts , and raisins or currants . scoop the batter into the prepared pan , smoothing it if necessary . sprinkle with brown sugar , if desired . bake the bread for 55 to 65 minutes , until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . the top ( just under the crust ) may seem a bit sticky ; but so long as the toothpick does n't reveal wet batter , it 's done . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it in the pan for 10 minutes . turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . for best results , do n't slice until it 's cool . store the bread at cool room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

shredded zucchini varies a lot in weight , depending on the season , the freshness of the vegetable , the fineness of the shred , and how firmly you pack it into the cup . measure your zucchini by volume in this recipe , not weight ; do n't fret if your weight does n't match the weight in the recipe.to toast chopped walnuts , spread them in a single layer in a baking pan , and toast in a preheated 350°f oven for about 6 minutes , or until they 're golden brown and smell `` toasty . ''


multi-seed braid

generously studded with six kinds of seeds , this healthy and crunchy bread maintains a powerful presence on the table when it 's festively braided . the loaf is large , and leftovers are easily incorporated into a strata or french toast a few days later .

dough

340 g boiling water
113 g artisan bread topping
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g buttermilk powder
21 g non-diastatic malt powder or 35 g ounces brown sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g oil or 28 g butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

topping

1 egg white beaten with 14 g water
artisan bread topping , or your favorite combination of seeds

mix together the boiling water and grain blend , and cool to lukewarm . combine the water and grains with all of the remaining dough ingredients and mix , then knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine , about 8 minutes — to form a smooth , soft dough , adding additional water or flour as necessary . allow the dough to rise , covered , until almost doubled , about 1 1/2 hours . prepare a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet ; use parchment if you 're planning to bake directly on an oven stone , as you can easily transfer the loaf , parchment and all , to the stone . divide the dough , and roll it into three 14 '' logs . braid the logs on the prepared baking sheet . brush the loaf with the egg white , then sprinkle it heavily with seeds . allow the braid to rise , covered ( a proof cover works well here ) for about 45 minutes , until it 's quite puffy looking . while the braid rises , preheat your oven to 400°f . bake the bread in the preheated oven — directly on an oven stone , if possible — for 28 to 35 minutes , until it 's golden brown and its interior temperature is 195°f or higher . remove the loaf from the oven , and cool it on a rack . store for up to 5 days at room-temperature , well-wrapped , or freeze for up to 3 months .




bacon corn bread

while some corn breads are simple accompaniments to a bowl of chili or stew , this one offers a smoky , toasty flavor from the bacon and cumin , and a toothsome bite due to the whole corn kernels ; it can certainly stand on its own .

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
103 g yellow cornmeal
11 g baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons cumin
1 large egg , beaten
227 g milk
50 g vegetable oil
170 g cooked corn kernels , fresh or frozen
170 g bacon , cooked and crumbled
113 g grated cheddar cheese

preheat oven to 400°f . grease an 8 '' square pan . put the flour , cornmeal , baking powder , salt , and cumin in a bowl , and stir with a whisk until well mixed . mix the egg , milk , and vegetable oil and add to the dry ingredients . stir in the corn , bacon and cheese . spread the batter into the pan and bake 30 minutes , or until browned and a cake tester inserted comes out clean . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days or in the freezer for 3 months .

tips from our bakers

quick breads also freeze well . wrap cooled breads in a layer of plastic wrap and then one of aluminum foil.if you 're looking for more spice , add a teaspoon or more of freshly diced jalapeños .


scali bread

this shiny , mahogany-brown braid is heavily coated with sesame seeds , giving it nutty flavor and a lovely appearance . serve it with your pasta , or slice it for sandwiches ; it 's a fixture of boston-area bakeries and supermarkets . see our blog , flourish , for step-by-step photos for making a scali loaf , or scali rolls .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
74 to 113 g cool water , enough to make a stiff ball of dough
pinch of instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
14 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast
149 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil

topping

1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water
64 g sesame seeds

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients together , cover , and let rest at room temperature overnight . note : this is a dry , stiff starter . if it 's too dry to come together , it may be that you measure your flour differently than we do here at king arthur , or that you 're in a particularly dry climate . dribble in sufficient water to make the dough come together , and proceed with the recipe as directed . to make the dough : combine the starter with the remaining dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or large ( 8-cup ) measure ; cover , and let it rise for about 90 minutes , till it 's just about doubled in bulk . to make one large loaf : gently deflate the dough , and divide it into three equal pieces . shape each piece into a rough log , and let the logs rest , uncovered , for about 10 minutes . this gives the gluten in the dough a chance to relax , which in turn will make the logs easier to roll . working on a lightly greased surface , roll each log into a rope about 24 '' long . brush each rope with the egg white/water , and sprinkle heavily with the sesame seeds , rolling the ropes gently in the seeds to pick up as many as possible . grab one end of each rope , and squeeze the ends together firmly . braid the ropes , tucking the ends under to make a neat braided loaf . to make rolls : follow the directions above , but divide the dough into six pieces , rather than three . roll each piece into a thin rope about 28 '' long . take three of the ropes , and coat with seeds and braid as directed above . repeat with the remaining three ropes . the resulting loaves will be about 18 '' long . cut each braid into six 3 '' rolls . squeeze the cut ends together to seal , and tuck them under . place the loaf on a large , parchment-lined ( or lightly greased ) baking sheet . or space the rolls on a baking sheet . cover the loaf or rolls with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow to rise till very puffy , about 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . bake the loaf for about 25 to 35 minutes , till it 's a deep golden brown . the rolls will need to bake for about 25 minutes . remove from the oven , and cool on a rack . yield : one large loaf , or 12 rolls .

tips from our bakers

for instructions for a long , thin loaf or a dozen rolls , see our blog .


shortcut russenzopf

traditionally made with labor-intensive laminated croissant dough and hazelnut filling , we 've made this treat easier for the home baker — and every bit as delicious !

dough

use your favorite brioche or other sweet bread recipe ; the recipe should use about 3 cups of flour . prepare the dough up through its first rise .

filling

96 g pecan meal , or hazelnut or almond flour , toasted or plain
74 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 large egg whites
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 '' round cake pan . stir together the filling ingredients . gently deflate the dough , and roll it into an 11 '' x 16 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the dough , leaving a 1 '' margin along the short edge closest to you . starting with the filled edge , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seam closed . gently roll the log until it 's about 14 '' long . use a sharp knife to cut the log in half lengthwise . twist the two halves together , trying to keep the cut sides facing up as much as possible . form the twisted log into a ring and place it in the prepared pan . cover the russenzopf with a damp cloth or lightly greased plastic wrap , and let it rise for 45 minutes . it wo n't double in bulk , but will look a bit puffy . bake the russenzopf for 40 to 45 minutes , or until the bread feels firm on top and the internal temperature reaches 190°f . the bread will brown quite a bit due to the nuts — tent it lightly with a sheet of foil halfway through the baking time . remove the bread from the oven , and after 10 minutes gently remove it from the pan and allow it to cool on a rack . store , covered , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

make it easy , and try a mix instead : king arthur
brioche yeast bread
is perfect here . prepare the dough up through its first rise .


sourdough maple walnut bread

reminiscent of sourdough flapjacks with a drizzle of vermont maple syrup , this bread is delicious at any time of day .

170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
99 g sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
170 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard
113 g buttermilk
113 g unsalted butter , melted
2 large eggs
156 g maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon maple flavor ( optional , but recommended for enhanced flavor )
170 g chopped walnuts

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , whisk together the flours , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt . in a separate bowl , mix together the starter , buttermilk , melted butter , eggs , maple syrup , and maple flavor ( if using ) . add the wet ingredients to the dry , stirring just until the mixture is evenly combined . stir in the walnuts . spoon the batter into the prepared pan . bake until the top of the loaf is golden brown and a paring knife inserted in the center comes out clean , 65 to 70 minutes . tent the bread with foil after 45 minutes if it 's browning too quickly . remove the bread from the oven and cool in the pan on a rack for 15 minutes before turning it out of the pan . return to the rack and cool completely before slicing . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




the easiest rye bread ever

this no-knead rye dough bakes up in a crock to make a wonderful , moist sandwich rye bread .

567 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
680 g lukewarm water
326 g pumpernickel , medium rye flour , or light rye flour
57 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
21 g salt ( table salt , not kosher )
1 tablespoon instant yeast
1 tablespoon deli rye flavor
50 g vegetable oil or 2 ounces soft butter
1 tablespoon minced dried onions , optional

place the water in a 6-quart dough-rising bucket or other large container . weigh or measure the remaining ingredients ( including the oil or butter ) , and mix together . add about half the dry ingredients to the water and stir to combine . add the remaining dry ingredients and mix until there are no dry spots ; a plastic bowl scraper is your best tool here . alternatively , prepare the dough in a stand mixer equipped with the beater blade ; mix at low speed until all of the flour is moistened . the texture of the dough should be soft and sticky due to the pumpernickel flour . cover the container and let the dough rise at room temperature for 2 hours . then refrigerate overnight , or for up to 4 days . to bake bread : grease your hands , and scoop out a scant 2 pounds of dough ( about half the batch ) . shape the dough into a ball , and place it in a greased , 4- to 4 1/2-quart baking pot or casserole with a lid . let rise , covered , for 2 to 3 hours . just before placing the crock into the oven , make several slashes in the dough . place on a middle rack in the oven . set the temperature for 450°f , and turn the oven on . bake the bread for 40 minutes . remove the lid and check to see if it 's done ; it should be lightly browned , and the interior should register at least 195°f on an instant-read thermometer . bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes , if necessary . remove the bread from the oven and turn it out of the crock onto a rack . cool for several hours before slicing . yield : 1 loaf . total batch of dough yields 2 loaves .




easy breadstick twists

these are simply addictive — tender , chewy-crunchy , and flavored with any of the tasty bread toppings or bread roll-ins you 'll find in our catalogue .

361 g sir lancelot hi-gluten flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
18 g non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
50 g olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
227 g water
36 g to 72 g artisan bread topping , or seeds , toppings , roll-ins , coarse salt , etc. , for flavoring breadsticks

combine all of the ingredients except the seasonings — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to form a shaggy dough . knead the dough , by hand for 10 minutes , or by machine for 5 minutes . allow it to rest for 10 minutes , then knead for an additional 10 minutes , until it 's smooth and supple . you may also use your bread machine , set on the dough cycle , to prepare the dough to this point . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and allow it to rest , covered , for 15 minutes . roll it into a 12 '' x 15 '' rectangle , allowing it to rest for 10 minutes if it `` fights back . '' brush the rectangle with olive oil , and sprinkle it with seasoning . fold the dough in half crosswise with the seasoning on the inside , brush with additional olive oil , and sprinkle with more seasoning . roll it out into a 12 '' x 15 '' rectangle , and cut 1/4 '' wide , 15 '' long strips . twist the strips , and place them on lightly oiled or parchment-covered baking sheets . let the breadsticks rise , covered , for about 30 minutes , until they look slightly puffy . bake the breadsticks in a preheated 375°f oven for 15 to 18 minutes , until golden brown . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .




mission fig bread

this dense and chewy bread , with its crunchy crust , is packed with flavor . read all the way through the directions before starting ; it 's an overnight bread , so you 'll need to plan ahead . also , this recipe comes from baker martin philip and our king arthur flour bakery . since our bakers put together their formulas using gram measurements , rather than ounces or volume , you 'll be most successful if you make this bread with the aid of a gram scale .

preferment

132 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
111 g lukewarm water
17 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter

soaker

83 g water
83 g cracked wheat

dough

207 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
119 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
223 g room-temperature water ( about 70°f )
all of the preferment ( above )
12 g salt
all of the soaker ( above )
150 g dried mission figs , stemmed and chopped slightly larger than marble size
1 1/2 teaspoons anise seed , toasted in a skillet until lightly browned

to make the preferment : mix the flour , water , and sourdough starter until thoroughly combined . cover and let rest at room temperature for 12 to 16 hours ; the dough will be nice and bubbly . to make the soaker : toast the cracked wheat in a skillet set over low heat until the grains are lightly browned , and smell toasty . combine the wheat and water , and let rest overnight . to make the dough : in a large bowl , combine the flours and yeast , then stir in the water , mixing until no dry bits remain . if you 're using a stand mixer , this may take up to 3 to 4 minutes at low speed . let the dough rest in the bowl , covered , for 20 minutes . add the preferment , soaker , and salt , mixing until fully incorporated . mix for 6 to 7 minutes at medium-low speed ; the dough should be smooth ( aside from the cracked wheat ) and elastic . add the fig and anise seed , mixing on low speed until evenly distributed . the dough may be quite stiff ; that 's ok . check the dough temperature ; it should be between 75°f and 80°f . this is the optimum temperature for rising dough , so try to find a spot that 's around that temperature . cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for 15 minutes . give the dough its first fold by reaching into the bowl and pulling a corner of dough up , folding it back toward the middle , and pushing it down . repeat , working your way around the dough ball , for a total of 4 to 6 times . this will both de-gas the dough , helping the yeast to work ; and strengthen the dough 's structure . repeat folding the dough after another 15 minutes ( at the 30-minute mark since it started rising ) , and once more at the 45-minute mark . let the dough rise for 90 to 120 minutes , or until it 's noticeably puffy , though perhaps not doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into two pieces about 560g each . gently pre-shape the pieces by gathering the corners of the dough and folding them to the center to form a loose ball . place the balls , seam-side down , on a very lightly floured surface , cover , and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes . working with one piece of dough at a time , shape as a batard with tapered points . tuck one end underneath to create a teardrop shape . place seam-side up on a flour-dusted couche or smooth cotton towel . repeat with the second piece of dough . need help shaping ? see our tips for shaping a batard video . gently cover the loaves , and let them rise for about 60 minutes , until they 're puffy . while the loaves are rising , preheat your oven to 450°f , with a baking stone on the middle rack . place a cast iron pan on the oven 's lowest rack ; you 'll use it to create steam . to bake on a stone : roll the proofed loaves , seam-side down , onto a peel dusted with semolina or whole wheat flour . if you are n't using a stone , roll them onto a parchment-lined baking sheet , seam-side down . score the dough with a baker 's lame or very sharp knife , cutting an arc from the midpoint of the tip to the midpoint of the base . add 1 cup boiling water to the cast iron pan . quickly use the peel to load the loaves onto the stone ( or place the pan in the oven ) , and close the door . bake the loaves for 32 to 37 minutes , or until they 're a rich mahogany color . the top crust will feel firm , and the bottom crust will be robust , but not burned . if you have a digital thermometer , the loaf 's center temperature should be about 200°f . remove the loaves from the oven , and transfer them to a rack to cool . yield : 2 loaves .

tips from our bakers

want to try martin 's favorite figs ? look for unsulphered , dried black mission figs . if your figs seem especially dry , give them a quick soak in hot water for about 20 to 30 minutes , then drain and add to the recipe as usual .


three king 's cake ( rosca de reyes or roscòn de reyes )

three king 's cake ( or bread ) is closely allied with the traditions around the epiphany ( january 6th ) . this date commemorates the visit the three wise men made to the baby jesus in bethlehem . in mexico , the day is a gift-giving holiday . tradition states this bread be served , garnished with the `` jewels '' of fruit and nuts . usually a small clay or porcelain doll is baked inside . the custom is that whoever finds the doll must give a party on candlemas ( february 2nd ) . to get candy orange peel like the pieces you see in the photograph , go to our candied orange peel recipe .

dough

163 g milk
74 g unsalted butter
67 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons instant yeast
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

28 g unsalted butter , melted
25 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
57 g chopped nuts
3/4 cup dried mixed fruits or favorite fruit blend
1 tablespoon lemon , orange , or lime zest

garnish

candied red cherries and/or orange peel
toasted sliced almonds , pecans , cashews , or walnuts

for the dough : heat the milk to a simmer in a small saucepan or at medium power in your microwave . pour the hot milk over the butter , sugar , and salt , and stir occasionally until the butter melts . cool the mixture to lukewarm . in a mixing bowl combine the milk mixture , eggs , and yeast . add the flour 1 cup at a time , and mix until a soft , smooth dough forms . you can also use your bread machine , set on the dough cycle , for this step . place the dough in a greased container , cover it , and set it in a draft-free place to rise until doubled ( about 1 to 1 1/2 hours ) . or let your bread machine complete the dough cycle . after the first rise , deflate the dough , cover , and let it rest for 10 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface ; roll into a 20 '' x 12 '' rectangle . for the filling : brush the surface of the dough with melted butter , leaving a 1/2 '' strip bare along one of the long edges . combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl . add the nuts , mixed fruits and zest , and stir to coat . sprinkle this mixture evenly over the buttered section of the dough . assembly : starting with the garnished long edge , roll the dough up jelly-roll style , working toward the edge with no butter on it . pinch the seam together to seal it firmly , then bring the ends together to form a ring . to keep the bread round , grease the outside of a small bowl or custard cup and put it on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . place the ring , seam side down , around the bowl and tuck one end inside the other , pinching it together to seal it . flatten the ring slightly , and using a pair of scissors , make cuts in the dough at 1 1/2 '' intervals around the outside edge . hide a doll or candy inside the bread . you can place strips of candied orange peel in the cuts to create the look in the photo at the top of the recipe . cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise until nearly doubled ( about 30 to 40 minutes ) . to bake : once the dough is shaped and is rising for the second time , preheat the oven to 350°f . when the dough is risen , remove the plastic wrap , and brush the top with beaten egg . place the candied cherries ( cut in half ) in the spaces between the slits in the dough , and decorate with nuts as desired . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , covering the loaf loosely with foil after the first 15 minutes , as it will brown quickly . remove the bread from the oven when the inner parts of the slits look cooked and the interior measures 190°f when measured with an instant-read thermometer . cool the bread on a rack . yield : 1 loaf , 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a little doll to hide inside the bread , put a whole blanched almond inside with the filling , before you roll the bread up . if you want to use the glaze pictured in the accompanying blog post , combine 1 tablespoon of sugar with 2 teaspoons of water and 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract . stir to combine , then drizzle over the bread for the last 20 minutes of the baking time .


sour cream rye muffins

if you love the rich flavor of rye bread — but balk at the long process involved in making a yeast loaf — you 'll enjoy these tender , moist muffins . serve as your bread offering alongside soup or a hearty stew . also , they 're reminiscent of rye toast , and thus pair delightfully with your breakfast eggs !

120 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
103 g rye flour , white , medium , or pumpernickel
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon deli rye flavor , optional , but delicious
1 teaspoon onion powder ( powder , not onion salt ) , optional
7 g mixed seeds : caraway , fennel , mustard , anise , or artisan bread topping , optional
28 g brown sugar
78 g french fried onions , or 28 g minced dried onions
50 g vegetable oil
227 g sour cream or plain yogurt , full-fat or low-fat ( not nonfat )
2 large eggs

preheat the oven to 350°f . line a 12-well muffin pan with paper cups , and grease the cups . in a mixing bowl , whisk together the dry ingredients . in a measuring cup ( or a separate bowl ) , whisk together the vegetable oil , sour cream or yogurt , and eggs . stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients just until blended . the batter will be quite thick . spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups . bake the muffins for 25 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean . remove the pan from the oven , and carefully tilt each muffin in its cup , to prevent the bottoms from steaming and becoming soggy . store the leftover muffins , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

you can substitute king arthur unbleached bread flour and rye flour with 2 cups ( 8 1/2 ounces , 240g ) king arthur rye flour blend .


gluten-free matzoh-style flatbread

needing a gluten-free alternative for the passover seder this year ? try our light , crisp , gluten-free version of matzoh and let your traditions live . note : most of the matzoh prepared using this recipe wo n't be kosher , since it probably wo n't be baked quickly enough .

312 g gluten-free multi-purpose flour
96 g almond flour
113 g hot water
1 teaspoon salt ( optional )

preheat your oven and baking stone ( if you have one ) to 450°f . mix the dry ingredients together and add the water , mixing to make a stiff dough . knead the dough briefly ( about 8 to 10 turns ) , and divide it into 18 equal pieces . place 3 pieces of dough evenly spaced on a piece of lightly-greased parchment paper , keeping the rest of the dough covered while you work . using your hand , press the pieces out into 4 '' to 4 1/2 '' circles , or to the desired thickness . prick holes across the surface of each disk with a docking tool or fork and either place the sheet of parchment on a baking sheet or directly on a preheated baking stone . bake the matzoh , rotating them halfway through ( front to back , back to front ; and top to bottom , bottom , to top if you 've got two pans in the oven ) , for 10 minutes , or until the edges are just lightly brown . yield : 18 servings




whole-grain banana bread

this one-bowl banana bread — our 2018 recipe of the year — uses the simplest ingredients , but is incredibly moist and flavorful . while the recipe calls for a 50/50 mix of flours ( all-purpose and whole wheat ) , we often make the bread 100 % whole wheat , and honestly ? no one can tell , it 's that good ! and not only is this bread delicious — it 's versatile . check out our interactive recipe generator , build your own banana bread , and discover how to personalize this bread to your taste . baking gluten-free ? for great results , substitute king arthur gluten-free measure for measure flour for both the the all-purpose and whole wheat flours in this recipe ; no other changes needed .

batter

454 g thoroughly mashed banana ; about 4 or 5 medium bananas
99 g vegetable oil
213 g brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
57 g chopped walnuts , toasted if desired ; optional*
*leave the nuts out , if desired ; or substitute up to 1 cup chopped dried fruit , chocolate or butterscotch chips , sunflower or pumpkin seeds , or other mix-ins of your choice .

topping

13 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon

preheat the oven to 350°f with a rack in the center position . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan ; if your pan is glass or stoneware , reduce the oven temperature to 325°f . in a large bowl , stir together the mashed banana , oil , sugar , eggs , and vanilla . weigh your flours ; you ’ ll find their weight by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure them by gently spooning them into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . mix the flours , baking soda , baking powder , salt , cinnamon , and chopped walnuts into the banana mixture . scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl and mix again to thoroughly combine the ingredients . scoop the batter into the prepared pan . mix together the sugar and cinnamon , and sprinkle over the batter . bake the bread for about 60 to 75 minutes , until the bread feels set on the top , and a paring knife ( or other thin knife ) inserted into the center comes out clean , or with just a few moist crumbs ( but no wet batter ) . if you have a digital thermometer , the bread 's temperature at the center should register about 205°f . if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it with aluminum foil for the final 15 to 20 minutes of baking . note : if baking in a glass or stoneware pan , increase the baking time by 10 to 15 minutes . remove the bread from the oven . cool it in the pan for 15 minutes , then loosen the edges , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . store leftover bread , tightly wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

if you enjoy this bread and want to try a 100 % whole wheat loaf , go for it ! simply substitute 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) whole wheat flour for the all-purpose flour listed , no further changes necessary . want to go the other way ? substitute all-purpose flour for the whole wheat flour for a 100 % all-purpose flour loaf . prefer butter to vegetable oil ? substitute 2/3 cup ( 5 3/8 ounces ) melted butter for the 1/2 cup ( 3 1/2 ounces ) vegetable oil.if you 'd like to reduce the fat in this recipe , try any of these substitutions , which will yield a loaf very similar in texture and moistness to the original :
• 1/4 cup ( 2 ounces ) applesauce for 1/4 cup ( 1 3/4 ounces ) of the vegetable oil
• 1/4 cup ( 2 ounces ) yogurt ( full-fat , reduced-fat , or nonfat ) for 1/4 cup ( 1 3/4 ounces ) of the vegetable oil
• 1/2 cup ( 4 ounces ) full-fat yogurt for all of the vegetable oil ( 3 1/2 ounces )
want to lower the fat even further ? substitute applesauce or yogurt ( full-fat , reduced-fat , or nonfat ) for all of the vegetable oil . understand that the resulting loaf ’ s texture will be notably less tender.want to reduce the sugar in this recipe ? start by lowering it by 25 % , from 1 cup ( 7 ounces ) to 3/4 cup ( 5 1/4 ounces ) ; the bread will ( obviously ) be less sweet , and also a bit less tender .

we love the slightly caramelized flavor brown sugar lends this loaf , but if all you have on hand is white granulated sugar — use it : 1 cup ( 7 ounces ) , same volume amount as the brown sugar . or use 1/3 cup ( 4 ounces ) liquid sweetener ( honey , agave , or maple syrup ) + 1/2 cup ( 3 3/4 ounces ) brown sugar ; increase the amount of all-purpose flour by 2 tablespoons ( 1/2 ounce ) if you make this substitution.transition this recipe to gluten-free the easy way : substitute king arthur gluten-free measure for measure flour for both the the all-purpose and whole wheat flours in this recipe ; no other changes needed.want to bake and share ? this recipe will make 15 standard-size muffins . bake muffins in a preheated 350°f oven for 20 to 23 minutes , or until a thin paring knife inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean .


pain au chocolat

semisweet chocolate `` batons '' ( above ) form the basis for the traditional pain au chocolat , a yeasted puff pastry dough wrapped around a stick of chocolate . they 're a favorite of french children ( and those of us who never grew beyond that stage ) as they stop into their neighborhood boulangerie on the way to school .

the dough

340 g water , milk or a combination
50 g sugar
539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons salt
28 g unsalted butter , softened

the butter

340 g unsalted butter , cold

assembly

16 or 32 pain au chocolat sticks ( depending on whether you want one or two sticks inside each roll )

the glaze

1 large egg beaten with a pinch of salt

to make the dough : in a large mixing bowl , stir together the water , sugar , 2 cups of the flour , yeast , salt , and butter . mix until fairly evenly blended . add the remaining flour and stir until the dough pulls away from the side of the bowl . turn the dough out and knead it until smooth and springy . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise for about an hour , until puffy . ( the dough can be prepared to this point in a bread machine with at least a 1 1/2 pound capacity . simply place all of the ingredients in the bucket , select dough or manual , and press start . ) after an hour ( or the end of the cycle ) , turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface , flatten it gently and fold it in thirds , like a letter . place the dough in a lightly greased plastic bag that has enough room for the dough to expand , and refrigerate for at least 2 hours , until thoroughly chilled . ( for best flavor , refrigerate it overnight . ) to prepare the butter : while the dough is chilling , prepare the butter for rolling into the dough . cut each of the three sticks in half lengthwise and place all six pieces on a floured piece of waxed paper or plastic wrap . sprinkle flour on the top surface of the butter , cover with another piece of paper or plastic and gently pound it with a rolling pin until it becomes malleable . then roll the butter out until it 's about 8 '' x 8 '' . wrap the butter well and put it back in the refrigerator . to assemble the rolls : remove the dough from the refrigerator , place it on a lightly floured surface and roll it into a 12 '' square . remove the butter from the refrigerator and place it in the center of the dough at a 45° angle ; it 'll look like a diamond inside the square . fold the four flaps of dough into the center to enclose the butter , pinching them together as best you can . roll the dough into a 10 '' x 20 '' rectangle . fold one third into the center , then the opposite third over the first , like you were folding a business letter ; this is called a leter fold . turn the dough 90°f , roll it into a 10 '' x 20 '' rectngle again , and do another letter fold . wrap the dough in lightly floured plastic wrap and refrigerate it again for an hour . remove the dough from the fridge , and give it two more letter folds : rolling , folding , turning 90° , rolling , and folding . wrap the dough in lightly floured plastic wrap and refrigerate it again for at least 2 hours ( or , you can leave the dough in the refrigerator for several days , until you 're ready to use it ) . to finish your pain au chocolat , remove the dough from the refrigerator , cut it in half and return one half to the refrigerator . roll the other half out until it 's about 9 '' x 25 '' . trim each edge to make it 8 '' x 24 '' . with a bench knife , cut the dough into eight 4 '' x 6 '' pieces . place one or two pieces of chocolate at one end of each piece and roll it up into a tube . place , seam side down , on a lightly greased or parchment lined baking sheet . press down on the tops of the rolls to flatten them into a rectangle shape . cover and let rise in a warm place until they are light and puffy looking . repeat with the remaining dough . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . just before baking , brush the egg/salt glaze over the tops of the rolls . bake the rolls for 18 to 20 minutes , until golden brown . remove them from the oven and allow them to cool a bit before you bite into them ; the structure needs a chance to set . store any leftover rolls , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




buttery herb-garlic pull-apart bread

bread baked in a bread machine does n't have to be a plain and simple loaf . by using your zojirushi 's homemade menu , you can let the machine knead the dough , then take it out , shape it , put it back , and kick back while the zo bakes up this beautiful loaf of herb-garlic pull-apart bread .

dough

418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
21 g potato flour or 1/4 cup instant potato flakes
21 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
4 g to 7 g of your favorite dried herbs
57 g soft butter
152 g lukewarm water
113 g lukewarm milk

filling

43 g melted butter
57 g to 74 g shredded mozzarella or your favorite pizza cheese ( s )
7 g to 14 g grated parmesan cheese , optional

if you have a zojirushi virtuoso , program it as follows : no rest ; knead 20 minutes ; shape on ( it will read 1:00 ) ; rise 1 off ; rise 2 off ; rise 3 60 minutes ; bake 52 minutes . include the keep-warm option or not ; your choice . if you have a different model zojirushi , you can program it much the same way , though you wo n't have the shape option . program as follows : no rest ; knead 20 minutes ; rise 1 off ; rise 2 20 minutes ; rise 3 60 minutes ; bake 52 minutes . include the keep-warm option or not ; your choice . combine all of the dough ingredients in the bucket of your bread machine , and press start . check the dough after about 13 minutes of kneading ; add additional flour or water as needed to make a soft , smooth dough . for the virtuoso : after 20 minutes of kneading , the shape cycle will begin . remove the dough from the machine , and set it on a lightly greased work surface . remove the paddles from the machine . for other models zojirushi : after 20 minutes of kneading , remove the dough from the machine , and set it on a lightly greased work surface . remove the paddles from the machine . divide the dough into 32 pieces . you do n't have to be super-accurate here ( though , if you use a scale , you can be ) . shape the pieces into smooth balls — or not ; ragged pieces will make just as tasty ( though not as pretty ) a loaf . dip the top of each ball into melted butter ; you probably wo n't use all the butter . lay 11 balls into the bottom of the zo pan , buttered side up . sprinkle with half the mozzarella or pizza cheese . use 11 balls of dough to make a second layer ; top with the remaining cheese , and the parmesan , if you 're using it . top with the final 10 balls of dough ; again , make sure their buttered sides are up . place the pan back in the machine . for the virtuoso : press start . this will move the machine to the next cycle . for other models : no need to press start , the machine will continue on its programmed cycle automatically . when the bread is done , remove it from the machine , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . brush with any remaining melted butter . serve warm ; marinara sauce is a nice accompaniment . store any leftovers at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 large loaf , 8 to 10 servings .

tips from our bakers

want to make this without a bread machine ? prepare the dough , and divide it into pieces . layer the pieces , as directed at right , into a lightly greased 9 '' loaf pan . allow the bread to rise until it 's crowned about 1/2 '' over the rim of the pan ; bake it in a preheated 350°f oven for 40 to 45 minutes , until it 's golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool .


chewy parmesan breadsticks

crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside , the breadsticks in this recipe approximate a new york salt stick . made from a dough similar to that of bagels , and boiled before baking , also as for bagels , this is the perfect , toothsome snack to really sink your jaws into .

dough

227 g lukewarm water
7 g non-diastatic malt powder
1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
82 g semolina flour
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
57 g freshly grated , lightly packed parmesan cheese

water bath

1814 g water
14 g non-diastatic malt powder

egg wash

1 large egg beaten lightly with 1 tablespoon water
kosher or coarse sea salt , for topping

to make the dough : combine the dough ingredients , gradually adding the flour and withholding the cheese — by hand , machine , or bread machine — to form an elastic , stiff dough . mix in the parmesan before you add the last 1/4 to 1/2 cup of flour , and knead the dough until the cheese is well-distributed throughout . the finished dough should be smooth , but on the stiff side . transfer the dough to an ungreased bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it is puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . transfer the dough to a clean work surface . preheat the oven to 425°f . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) several baking sheets . to shape and bake the breadsticks : punch down the dough , let it rest , covered , for 10 to 15 minutes , then roll it out to a 12 '' x 12 '' square . place a large , deep pot containing the water bath ingredients onto the stove , and bring the water to a boil . use a sharp knife or rolling pizza wheel to cut the dough into 32 equal pieces , approximately 3/4 '' wide by 6 '' long . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) when the water has come to a full boil , turn the heat down to a gentle , rolling boil , and drop in 4 or 5 pieces of dough at a time . boil for 30 seconds to 1 minute , or until the dough has risen to the surface of the water and puffed noticeably . do n't let them boil any longer than this or they may deflate . drain each piece well with a slotted spoon or skimmer-type utensil , and carefully transfer to the baking sheets . brush each bread stick gently with the egg wash and sprinkle lightly with salt . bake the bread sticks for 15 to 20 minutes . turn the bread sticks over and bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes , until golden brown . transfer to a cooling rack . store , well-wrapped , for 24 hours at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

the easiest way to shape the bread sticks is to cut the dough into 16 equal pieces in the vertical direction , then cut those in half with one swipe in the horizontal direction . if you want , you can roll each piece a bit under your fingers to form more of a log shape . on the other hand , you can leave the pieces as they are , and they 'll look more `` stick-like . ''


naturally leavened sourdough bread

this bread , with its deep brown crust , rich , deep , flavor , and mild tang relies on ripe , active starter for its rise . without the addition of commercial yeast , it ’ s a true artisan loaf . are you a beginning sourdough baker ? please start with our rustic sourdough bread recipe , which offers the added security of commercial yeast . once you master that , move on to this loaf , which is more appropriate for intermediate sourdough bakers .

454 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
397 g room-temperature water
2 1/2 teaspoons salt

if you 're measuring the sourdough starter using volume rather than weight , stir it down before measuring . combine the starter , flours , and water in a large bowl and mix well , until all of the flour is moistened and the dough has formed a cohesive mass . add extra water or flour if needed to form a soft , tacky dough . cover the dough and let it rest for 20 minutes . this rest , known as an autolyse , allows the flour to absorb the water , which starts the dough ’ s gluten formation , and makes it easier to knead . after the rest , add the salt and knead the dough until it ’ s smooth and supple , though still somewhat soft and tacky . when fully kneaded , place the dough back in the bowl , cover , and let it rise for 1 hour . give the dough a fold : turn it out onto a floured surface and , using a bowl scraper or bench knife , fold it like a business letter . turn the dough 90 degrees . gently flatten it a bit , and repeat the letter fold . return the dough to the bowl , cover , and let it rise for another hour . at the end of the rise , turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide it in half . gently shape into two rounds , cover , and let rest for 20 minutes . after this rest , shape the loaves into tight rounds , and place them seam side up in bowls lined with floured cloth , or on a cloth couche . cover and let rise until light and airy , about 2 to 2 1/2 hours . about 60 minutes before the bread is ready to bake , preheat the oven with a baking stone in it ( if you have a stone ) to 450°f . for the best crust , place an empty cast iron frying pan on the oven rack below the stone to preheat . when the loaves are risen , gently turn them out of their bowls onto parchment , slash them with a sharp knife or lame , and slide the parchment directly onto the stone in the oven . if you ’ re not using a stone , turn them out onto a parchment-lined ( or lightly greased ) baking sheet , slash them , and place the baking sheet in the oven . pour 1 cup of boiling water into the cast iron frying pan . be sure to wear good oven mitts to prevent steam burns . bake the bread until it ’ s crusty and golden , about 35 to 40 minutes . remove the loaves from the oven and cool on a rack before slicing . store leftover bread , in a paper bag or loosely covered in plastic , for a day or so at room temperature ; wrap and freeze for longer storage .




cornbread hot dog buns

inspired by corn dogs , these yeasted buns are spiked with cornmeal and have the slight crunch and flavor of cornbread . at the same time , they 're just as soft and tender as your favorite traditional hot dog buns , yet still perfectly capable of securely cradling your preferred frank and condiments . for a vermont-inspired king arthur flour dog , top with a sweet maple/sriracha slaw .

390 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
138 g cornmeal
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne or chili pepper , optional , for heat
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g lukewarm water
57 g unsalted butter , melted
57 g maple syrup or 50 g granulated sugar
2 large eggs

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead to make a smooth dough , adding additional flour or water if necessary . let the dough rise , covered , until nearly doubled in bulk , 60 to 90 minutes . lightly grease a new england hotdog bun pan . gently deflate the dough , and stretch it until it 's about 15 '' long and 6 '' wide . place the dough into the pan , stretching it to the edges . let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it comes to within 1/2 '' of the top of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . grease a baking sheet , and place it on top of the risen buns , to keep them flat as they bake . put the covered buns into the oven , weighing the baking sheet down with something heavy and oven-safe ; a cast iron skillet works well . bake the buns for 20 minutes , remove the weighted baking sheet , and bake for 2 to 5 minutes longer , if necessary , to brown the buns . a digital thermometer inserted into the center will read 195°f to 200°f . remove the pan from the oven , and cool the buns in the pan for 5 minutes . turn them out onto a rack , rounded side up , to cool completely . slice each bun down the middle vertically , without cutting through the bottom ; then cut between the buns to separate them .




sourdough rye bread

while this bread machine bread is n't `` authentic '' sourdough , it makes a wonderfully textured , high-rising , great-tasting loaf , thanks to king arthur whole-grain bread improver . want to bake a round loaf ( as pictured above ) instead of baking in your machine ? see `` tips , '' below .

starter

170 g milk heated to 120°f , then cooled to 100°f
1 teaspoon active dry or instant yeast
78 g white rye flour

dough

25 g vegetable oil
32 g molasses
32 g honey
1 large egg
1 recipe starter , above ; or 227 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
76 g water
276 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
78 g white rye flour
1 1/2 teaspoons table salt or 2 teaspoons kosher salt
2 tablespoons caraway seeds
1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
4 teaspoons king arthur whole-grain bread improver

to make the starter : combine the milk , yeast , and flour . the mixture will be thick . cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm ( at least 70°f ) place for three days , stirring occasionally . the mixture will thin out slightly . to make the bread : place all the ingredients into your bread machine bucket in the order recommended by the manufacturer ; this recipe is appropriate for 1 1/2-pound to 2-pound machine . program for basic or white bread , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle ; it should be soft and smooth . adjust the consistency with additional flour or water , as needed . when the machine completes its cycle , remove the baked bread , and cool it on a rack . store bread in a plastic bag for 3 days on the counter ; or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you like the look of a more rustic loaf , use the bread machine 's dough cycle . once the cycle is complete , remove the dough from the pan of the bread machine and form it into a round loaf . place in a greased 9 '' round pan or ceramic baker , cover , and let rise for 45 to 60 minutes . preheat the oven to 400°f . when the loaf is almost doubled , slash the top and bake for 25 to 30 minutes , until nicely browned and hollow-sounding when thumped on the bottom . remove from the oven and cool on a rack.want some classic sourdough starter ? see our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch . or , if you 're looking for a head-start , check out our classic fresh sourdough starter , a simpler path to fresh , ready-to-use sourdough starter.you 'll need to make the starter three days before you plan to bake the bread , or substitute 1 cup of your own sourdough starter if you wish .


gael 's saturday focaccia

gael clauson , a long-time member of our king arthur flour retail team , is known for making fresh , hot focaccia on saturday mornings to share with visitors to our baker 's store here in vermont . this soft , herb-scented bread is wildly popular , and for just reason : it 's delicious as is , equally good dipped in marinara , and ideal with soup or salad .

dough

454 g lukewarm water
14 g sugar
1 tablespoon instant yeast
1 tablespoon salt
25 g olive oil
82 g semolina flour*
539 g to 602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 to 3 tablespoons herbes de provence
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
25 g garlic oil or olive oil , for the pan
*while semolina adds nice color and texture , substitute unbleached all-purpose flour , if desired .

topping

herbes de provence
coarse sea salt
coarsely ground black pepper , optional
garlic oil or olive oil

combine the water , sugar , yeast , salt , and olive oil , stirring to dissolve the sugar and yeast . stir in the semolina , then 4 1/2 cups of the all-purpose flour , the herbs , and the black pepper . knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or in a bread machine set on the dough cycle — until it 's smooth . it 'll be quite soft . gael says , `` your finished dough should be like a marshmallow , very easy to knead . it should clean the sides of the bowl , if you 're using a mixer . if the dough seems too slack , add more flour a tablespoon at a time until it comes together . it should feel moist and soft ; tacky like a sticky note , but not sticky . '' place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl and turn the dough on all sides to coat with oil . cover it loosely with plastic wrap , and let it rise for 90 minutes in a warm place , or until doubled in size . gently deflate/de-gas the dough by pressing lightly ; no need to punch it , says gael . turn it out onto a lightly floured counter ; it should feel like a big marshmallow , very pliable . lightly grease two 8 '' or 9 '' round cake pans , and drizzle 1 tablespoon garlic oil or olive oil into each pan , brushing it across the bottom . `` the oil will insure that the bottom of the focaccia will be crispy and tasty , '' says gael . divide the dough in half and gently shape it into rounds to fit whichever pans you 've chosen . place the roughs into the prepared pans , cover the pans , and let the dough rise for 45 minutes in a warm place , until puffy . while the dough is rising , preheat your oven to 425°f . use your fingers to gently but firmly dimple the dough , making focaccia 's signature little hills and valleys . sprinkle the top with herbes de provence , a bit of coarse sea salt for crunch and flavor , and coarsely ground black pepper ( if desired ) . drizzle with garlic oil or olive oil . bake the focaccia in the middle of the oven for about 30 minutes , or until it 's lightly browned and baked through . it should be brown and crispy on the bottom . remove the focaccia from the oven , and turn it out of the pans onto a rack to cool just slightly before serving . serve with warmed marinara sauce as a dip , or just as is with soup or salad .

tips from our bakers

for a heartier bread , choose any of the following toppings ( or whatever strikes your fancy ) : chopped fresh rosemary , grated parmesan cheese , chopped kalamata olives , shredded asiago cheese , crumbled feta cheese , mozzarella cheese , anchovies , oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes , caramelized onions , sautéed mushrooms , diced red peppers .
substitute an overnight rest in the refrigerator for the dough 's first rise , if desired . let the dough come to room temperature before proceeding with the rest of the recipe .


cranberry-apricot quick bread

this quick bread features dried cranberries , apricots and nuts , nestled in an orange- and cinnamon-scented batter , and baked to a golden brown . if you 're planning on serving a turkey during the holidays , this bread is a great accompaniment .

113 g butter , at room temperature
159 g sugar
1/4 teaspoon orange oil or 2 teaspoons grated orange peel
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
3 large eggs
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g milk
113 g dried cranberries
64 g dried apricots , diced , or dried slivered apricots
57 g pecans or walnuts , chopped , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-sized mixing bowl , cream together the butter , sugar , orange oil or peel , the salt , baking powder and spices until well blended . beat in the eggs one at a time , beating until fluffy after each addition . stir in the flour , then add the milk 1/4 cup at a time , stirring well after each addition . gently mix in the cranberries , apricots and nuts . spoon the batter into your pan . bake the bread for 50 to 55 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean . remove the bread from the oven , and let it cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing it from the pan to cool completely on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped for 5 days on the counter , or freeze for up to 3 months .




cranberry-orange babka

with babkas popping up in bakeries across the country , and the holidays being prime time for sweet loaves stuffed with all sorts of sticky yumminess , we felt it was about time we created our own holiday-themed babka . cranberry-orange is one of our most popular flavor combinations at this time of year , so it was the perfect fit for this tender , soft , sweet and tart loaf .

dough

113 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
43 g softened butter
1/2 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor , or vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia , optional ; for enhanced flavor
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
25 g granulated sugar
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

57 g orange juice
71 g light brown sugar
99 g fresh or frozen cranberries
57 g dried cranberries
14 g melted butter
1/8 teaspoon orange oil or 1 teaspoon grated orange rind
1 teaspoon yuletide cheer spice or cinnamon
43 g orange jammy bits , optional

to make the dough : combine all the ingredients and mix and knead to make a smooth , supple dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow it to rise until it has just about doubled , 60 to 90 minutes . to make the filling : while the dough is rising , combine the orange juice , brown sugar , and both types of cranberries in a small saucepan set over medium-low heat . cook the mixture , stirring occasionally , until it begins to thicken to a jam-like consistency , about 10 to 15 minutes . remove the pan from the heat and stir in the melted butter , orange oil or grated rind , and spice . transfer the cranberry mixture to a heat-safe bowl and allow it to cool to room temperature . to shape the loaf : transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and roll it into a 12 '' x 14 '' rectangle . spread the cranberry filling over the surface of the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' border along the edge of one of the short sides . sprinkle orange jammy bits evenly over the filling . starting with the filling-covered short edge , roll the dough up jelly-roll style , sealing the edge . cut the log in half lengthwise to expose the filling . place each half side by side , filled sides up . keeping the filled sides up , twist or braid the two logs together , working from the center to each end . pinch the ends together , and place the twisted log in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the loaf and allow it to rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it 's crowned 1/2 '' to 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the babka for 45 to 50 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil about halfway through baking to prevent over-browning . the top of the finished loaf will be golden brown , and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf will read 190°f or above . remove the loaf from the oven . for a softer crust , brush the top of the loaf with melted butter , if desired . after 10 minutes , remove the babka from the pan and transfer it to a rack to cool completely .

tips from our bakers

add a drizzle of icing , if desired : mix 1/2 cup confectioners ' sugar with about 1 tablespoon milk or cream , enough to make a pourable icing . drizzle over the cooled babka .


soft white dinner rolls

homemade dinner rolls are so much tastier than store-bought ! these are a lovely addition to your breadbasket , and make great sandwiches , as well . our guarantee : these soft , light rolls will rise about 2 3/4 '' high , and will have a soft ( not crunchy ) crust and moist , tender interior . their flavor is pleasantly mild and slightly buttery .

1 packet `` highly active '' active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
198 to 255 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
39 g instant mashed potato flakes
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

if you 're using active dry yeast , dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water . let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes , until the mixture has bubbled and expanded . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the dissolved yeast ( or instant yeast ) with the remainder of the ingredients . mix and knead everything togetherby hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycletill you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take 5 to 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans , or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide it into 16 pieces . shape each piece into a rough ball by pulling the dough into a very small knot at the bottom , then rolling it under the palm of your hand into a smooth ball . place eight rolls in each of the round cake pans ( or all 16 rolls in the 9 '' x 13 '' pan ) , spacing them evenly ; they wo n't touch one another . cover the pan ( s ) with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the rolls to rise till they 're very puffy , and have reached out and touched one another , about 1 hour . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls until they 're a deep golden brown on top , and lighter on the sides , about 25 minutes . remove the rolls from the oven , and after 2 or 3 minutes , carefully transfer them to a rack . they 'll be hot and delicate , so be careful . serve warm , or at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

brush hot-from-the-oven rolls with melted butter , if desired , for a soft , buttery crust.for snowflake rolls , gently shake flour from a sieve atop the warm rolls.when making yeast rolls or bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


skillet flatbreads

using a basic ratio of five pantry staples , you can have fresh , hot bread on the table in less than 30 minutes and no need to turn on the oven . add and change ingredients to your taste , and you 'll have an endless array of tasty flatbreads to accompany any meal .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g olive oil or vegetable oil
227 g ice water
25 g to 35 g additional tablespoons vegetable oil , for frying

place the flour , baking powder , and salt in a large mixing bowl and stir to combine . add the oil and ice water , and mix to make a soft , cohesive dough . adjust with flour or water as needed . the dough should be moist but not sticky . cover with plastic wrap , and let rest for 10 minutes . preheat a heavy-bottomed skillet on the stovetop . add 1 tablespoon oil and heat until the oil starts to shimmer in the pan . divide the dough into 10 to 12 equal pieces . each piece should weigh about 1 1/2 to 2 ounces , about the size of a large egg . dredge each piece in flour , and roll to a rough circle or oval , about 1/4 '' thick . or hand shape the pieces by flattening between your palms . in batches , fry the flatbreads in the hot oil for 2 to 3 minutes , or until golden brown . flip and fry on the second side for another 2 minutes . transfer from the pan to a rack to cool slightly before serving . add more oil as needed for frying successive batches . yield : 10 to 12 flatbreads .

tips from our bakers

rye variation ( pictured ) : replace 1 cup of the all-purpose flour with 1 cup perfect rye flour blend and 2 teaspoons deli rye flavor . all other ingredients remain the same . serve with cream cheese , chives , tomato , thinly sliced onion and capers .
pizza bread version : add 2 teaspoons pizza dough flavor and 2 teaspoons dried italian herbs or pizza seasoning to the flour mixture . serve with marinara sauce for dipping .


tahini apple monkey bread

this fruit-laced bread is a stunner for brunch . tahini adds a wonderful nuttiness to the sticky , sweet topping .

dough

113 g whole wheat pastry flour*
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
32 g potato flour or instant potato flakes
50 g brown sugar or 64 g maple syrup
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
50 g vegetable oil
113 g almond milk , preferably vanilla flavored
113 g water
85 g diced dried apples

topping

64 g tahini
43 g honey
43 g boiled cider
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
50 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon instant clearjel or 1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum
170 g raisins or diced apples , optional

to make the dough : whisk together the flours , salt , and potato flour or potato flakes ; set aside . in a large bowl , combine the brown sugar or maple syrup , yeast , vegetable oil , almond milk , and water . add the dry ingredients and mix until the dough begins to come together . add the dried apples and knead until the dough is smooth and soft . cover and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . to make the topping : in a medium bowl , whisk together the tahini and honey . stir in the boiled cider and vanilla . in a small bowl combine the brown sugar , cinnamon , and instant clearjel or xanthan gum . stir into the tahini mixture ; cover and set aside . to assemble : grease a 10 '' tea loaf or pullman bread pan and create a parchment paper sling to line the pan . grease the paper . preheat the oven to 350°f . turn the dough out onto a work surface , press it into a square 3/4 '' thick , and divide it into 32 pieces . shape each piece gently into a ball and dredge in the topping mixture . put the dough pieces into the pan in an even layer and sprinkle with raisins and/or apples . repeat until you run out of dough ; you should have two full layers in the pan . cover the loaf with greased plastic wrap and let rise until puffy , 30 to 40 minutes . bake for 30 to 35 minutes , tenting with foil for the last 10 minutes to keep the top from browning too much . remove from the oven and cool on a rack for 15 minutes before removing from the pan . finish cooling on a rack .

tips from our bakers

*or 1 cup king arthur white whole wheat flour


pear cinnamon breakfast bread

a hint of cardamom nicely enhances the flavor of pear in this moist loaf , an entry in the 2017 national festival of breads . slightly firmer varieties of pear , such as d'anjou or seckel , are best suited for this recipe , which comes from katharine breece of san diego .

dough

269 g to 298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
25 g turbinado or demerara sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
170 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
1 tablespoon olive oil
170 g finely chopped almost-ripe pear , peeled or not

filling

50 g turbinado or demerara sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g unsalted butter , softened

for the dough : in a large mixing bowl , combine the flours , yeast , sugar , salt , and cardamom . in a small bowl , whisk together the water , egg , and oil and add to the dry ingredients . mix for 2 minutes ; the dough will begin to come together but be somewhat stiff . add the chopped pear and mix to combine . knead until the dough becomes more cohesive . do n't overwork the dough , or the pear will disintegrate and make the dough even wetter . try folding the dough with a dough scraper until it becomes elastic , about 5 minutes . if the dough is very wet , add more flour 1 tablespoon at a time . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise for 45 minutes to an hour , until doubled . to make the filling : in a small bowl , combine the sugar , cinnamon , and flour . to assemble : roll the dough to a 15 '' x 8 '' rectangle on a floured surface with the short side facing you . spread the butter over the dough , leaving 1/2 '' of the far edge uncovered . sprinkle the sugar mixture over the butter and roll up the dough , pinching the edge to seal . place in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan , seam side down . cover and let rise for 40 to 45 minutes , until the loaf domes 1 '' above the rim of the pan . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . uncover the bread , slash the dough in four deep stripes across the top , and bake for 40 to 45 minutes . tent the top of the loaf with foil after 30 minutes if needed . the bread is done when golden brown and the center reads 200°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove the loaf from the oven and cool it in the pan on a rack for 15 minutes . tilt the bread out of the pan and return it to the rack to finish cooling completely before slicing . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




golden cheese wreath

this bright-gold loaf tastes subtly of cheese . ( with the amount of cheese , you 'd expect the flavor would be strong , but it just is n't ; cheese flavor powder seems to heighten the flavor of the fresh cheeses . ) besides flavor , the cheese has a wonderful tenderizing effect on the bread — it 's almost brioche-like in consistency , very easy on both tooth and tongue . cut this bread in wedges and serve it with all manner of soups ; toasting it a bit will bring out the flavor even more .

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g grated sharp cheddar cheese
99 g parmesan cheese , grated
14 g vermont cheese powder
57 g butter
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
3 large eggs
170 g water

combine all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth and supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 hour , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . after 30 minutes , gently fold the dough in upon itself and turn it upside-down ; this `` turn '' helps eliminate some of the excess carbon dioxide and redistributes the yeast 's food , both imperative for optimum yeast growth . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and divide it into three equal pieces . roll each piece into a 28 '' long rope . braid the ropes loosely , trying not to stretch the dough . form the braid into a circle , pinching the ends together . cover it lightly , and let it rise for 1 to 1 3/4 hours , until it 's almost doubled in bulk and puffy looking . a finger pressed into the dough should leave a mark that rebounds slowly . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 24 to 26 minutes , until it 's an even light golden brown and sounds hollow when thumped on the bottom . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it for several hours before slicing . store , well-wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




pain aux noix

nut bread is the simple translation of pain aux noix , one of france 's delightful whole-grain loaves . this golden , tender bread is fairly simple to make , but the texture and flavor are complex : oven heat brings out the walnuts ' flavor , as well as the deep , rich taste of whole wheat . serve this bread , thinly sliced , with a nice goat cheese , roquefort , or a brie or camembert .

57 g unsalted butter , melted
283 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or 100 % white whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
305 g warm milk
170 g chopped walnuts

combine all of the ingredients except the nuts , and knead — by hand , mixer , food processor or bread machine — until smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and let it rise , covered , for 1 hour , or until it 's doubled in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface and gently but thoroughly knead in the walnuts . this will seem like messy work at first ( the nuts will keep falling out onto the work surface ) , but persevere — eventually they 'll stay where they belong . divide the dough in half , and shape each half into a ball . place the balls on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , and let them rise , covered , for 45 minutes , until they 're quite puffy , though not necessarily doubled in bulk . preheat the oven to 425° . bake for about 25 to 27 minutes , until it 's golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads approximately 190°f . cool the loaves before slicing . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




date pudding

like many old recipes , we thought this was somewhat plain , so we dressed it up a bit with spices . the resulting dark , moist , dense cake ( yes , it 's really more cake than pudding ) is nice just as it is , warm from the oven , or add some whipped cream .

149 g pitted , chopped dates
14 g butter , melted
2 teaspoons baking soda
198 g sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ginger
227 g boiling water
57 g chopped walnuts or pecans
156 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' round pan . combine the dates with the butter , soda , sugar , salt and spices . stir in the boiling water , and allow the mixture to cool . add the nuts and flour , stirring just to combine . pour the batter into the prepared pan , and bake the pudding in the preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes , until it 's set but still very moist . store , covered , for 5 days in the fridge , or freeze for up to 3 months .




focaccia picnic sandwiches

here 's a treat that actually benefits by being squashed in the bottom of a picnic cooler ! we 've modeled this sandwich on italian pan bagna , a stuffed sandwich made several hours before serving , then pressed under weights to fuse the ingredients with one another , so that the stuffing becomes a single savory entity . the stuffing ingredients listed here are only a suggestion . feel free to use your own favorite combination of meat , cheese , and veggies . if you 're not an anchovy fan , do n't be turned off just yet . the anchovies provide a hint of interesting flavor , unidentifiable to anyone save a true aficionado . much like worcestershire sauce ( one of whose ingredients is anchovies ) , they simply enhance the flavor of whatever other filling ingredients you choose to use .

starter

113 g king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour
113 g cool water
pinch of yeast

dough

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g olive oil
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional , but tasty
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g lukewarm water

stuffed sandwiches

one focaccia , about 12 '' x 16 '' , or a similar-sized flatbread
99 g to 135 g olive oil or garlic oil
50 g flat anchovy fillets , drained
156 g medium red or vidalia onion , peeled and sliced thin
454 g tomatoes , sliced 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' thick
198 g mixed pitted olives , chopped
198 g to 340 g roasted red peppers in oil
227 g to 340 g mozzarella , sliced about 1/8 '' thick
fresh basil leaves , optional

to make the starter : the night before you want to bake the focaccia , mix the starter ingredients together just until they 're combined . cover , and let rest at room temperature overnight . to make the focaccia : next day , mix the starter with all of the dough ingredients and knead briefly , 5 to 6 minutes by hand or machine , until combined but not perfectly smooth . if you 're using a bread machine , program for dough or manual , but hit the cancel button after 8 minutes of kneading . cover the dough and let it rise for 60 minutes . remove it from the bowl , and fold it over a few times , to redistribute the yeast and develop the gluten . then let it rise for another 30 to 60 minutes . spray a half-sheet pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) , or similar-sized pan , with non-stick vegetable oil spray , then spread with a thin layer of olive oil . double oiling will ensure a crispy bottom . place the dough on the pan , and pat and stretch it into an 11 '' x 15 '' rectangle ( approximately , do n't be a perfectionist about it ) . the dough will shrink back somewhat . set your timer for 15 minutes , and stretch it out again . repeat once more , if necessary , to make it about 11 '' x 15 '' . brush the dough with olive oil , cover , and set it in a warm place to rise for about 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's nicely puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 400°f . bake the focaccia for 18 to 20 minutes , until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven and place it on a rack to cool . to make the sandwiches : slice the bread crosswise , to make two big pieces about 9 '' x 12 '' each . then slice each piece in half to make a top and bottom half . place the pieces , cut sides up , on a clean work surface . blend the olive oil and anchovies in a mini-food processor , or with a stick blender . brush the cut side of each piece of focaccia with the oil . layer the onion and tomato slices on two of the focaccia pieces . in a small bowl , mix the green and black olives together , then spread atop the onions and tomatoes . layer on the red peppers and mozzarella , then sprinkle the basil leaves over all . top with the remaining two pieces of focaccia to make a couple of large sandwiches . wrap each sandwich very tightly in plastic wrap , then in foil . pack in your cooler . set the ice packs right on top , if you like . remember , the point is to press these sandwiches for a few hours or so , for the flavors to marry and the bread to absorb the oil and juices . to serve , unwrap and cut in sandwich-sized slices or wedges .

tips from our bakers

substitute regular white whole wheat flour or unbleached all-purpose flour for king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour , if you like.if you want to wait to make the sandwiches , store the focaccia , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days .


100 % whole wheat cinnamon swirl bread

moist , aromatic , delicious cinnamon-swirl bread — it does n't have to be a white loaf , you know ! cinnamon-swirl bread made with whole wheat flour makes the best toast on earth ; the nuttiness of the wheat and the earthy , assertive flavor of cinnamon play very nicely together . looking for our recipe for 12-grain cinnamon raisin bread ? we 've lost our source for 12-grain flavor , so have stashed the recipe away for the time being . in the meantime , we suggest you might enjoy this recipe instead .

starter

113 g cool water
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
113 g lukewarm milk
113 g orange juice*
71 g melted butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes
312 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or king arthur premium whole wheat flour
*use 2 tablespoons less orange juice in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , 2 tablespoons more in winter ( or in a dry climate ) .

filling

1 large egg , beaten ; to brush on dough
67 g sugar
7 g ground cinnamon
11 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the starter : in a mixing bowl , combine the water , flour , and yeast , stirring until the flour is evenly moistened . cover the bowl , and let the starter rest overnight at cool room temperature , for up to 16 hours or so ; it 'll become a bit puffy , and flatten out . add the remaining dough ingredients to the starter in the bowl , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a cohesive dough . if you 're using a stand mixer , knead at low speed for about 7 minutes . note that 100 % whole wheat dough will never become smooth and supple like dough made with all-purpose flour ; it 'll feel more like clay under your hands , and may appear a bit rough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until it 's expanded and looks somewhat puffy , about 90 minutes . note that dough kneaded in a bread machine will rise faster and higher than bread kneaded in a mixer , which in turn will rise faster and higher than one kneaded by hand . so if you 're kneading by hand , you may want to let the dough rise longer than 90 minutes . to make the filling : whisk together the sugar , cinnamon , and flour . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly oiled work surface . shape the dough into a long , thin rectangle , about 16 '' x 9 '' . brush the dough with some of the beaten egg . sprinkle the filling onto the dough . note : scramble or microwave any egg you do n't use ; the dog will appreciate it ! beginning with a short edge , gently roll the dough into a log . pinch the side seam and ends closed . pat the log gently to shape it into a smooth 9 '' cylinder , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . tent the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap or a shower cap , and allow the loaf to rise until it 's crowned over the rim of the pan by about 3/4 '' , about 90 minutes . do n't let it rise too high ; it 'll continue to rise as it bakes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 10 minutes . lightly tent it with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 40 to 45 minutes , or until the center registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . run a stick of butter over the top of the hot loaf , if desired , for a softer crust . allow the bread to cool completely before slicing . yield : one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

why orange juice ? well , it does n't add its own flavor to the bread , but will mellow any potential bitterness in the whole wheat . do n't bother heating it to lukewarm ; you can use it straight out of the fridge . if you 're kneading bread by hand , it 's tempting to keep adding flour till the dough is no longer sticky . resist the temptation ! the more flour you add while you 're kneading , the heavier and drier your final loaf will be . the amount of liquid you use to make the `` perfect '' dough will vary with the seasons . flour is like a sponge ; it absorbs water during the humid days of summer , and dries out during the winter . your goal should be making the dough as it 's described ( e.g. , cohesive , soft but not sticky ) , rather than sticking religiously to the amount of liquid . when making yeast bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking ( how you kneaded the dough ; what kind of yeast you used ) that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time.why use a starter to make this bread ? it 's not sourdough , not particularly `` artisan ... '' we find that a simple overnight starter both enhances bread 's flavor and its keeping qualities ; the short amount of `` extra '' fermentation raises the bread 's acidity level just enough that it stays fresher longer .


turkey stuffing bread

this assertively seasoned bread is just the ticket for thanksgiving . bake it a couple of days beforehand , cut it into cubes , let dry a bit , and use it to stuff your turkey . or toast to enjoy it as the main element in a turkey sandwich ; you 'll think you 're eating turkey and dressing all over again !

small ( 2+ cups flour )

149 g water
1 small egg
28 g butter
35 g diced onion
1 1/2 teaspoons demerara sugar or brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
2/3 teaspoon dry sage
2/3 teaspoon celery seeds
1/2 teaspoon poultry seasoning
67 g yellow cornmeal
205 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast

large ( 3+ cups flour )

227 g water
1 large egg
43 g butter
47 g diced onion
2 1/4 teaspoons demerara sugar or brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon + 1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dry sage
1 teaspoon celery seeds
3/4 teaspoon poultry seasoning
92 g yellow cornmeal
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

bake this bread on the regular ( white bread ) cycle of your machine , on a light or medium setting .

tips from our bakers

note : do n't use the delayed timer , as the presence of egg in the mix means you should prepare dough and bake right away.new to working with a bread machine , or just looking for variety in shapes ? read successful loaves from your bread machine .


gluten-free brazilian cheese buns

soft , chewy pao de queijo rely on tapioca starch ( a.k.a . tapioca flour ) for their structure , and garlic and cheese for their wonderful flavor . they 're gluten-free , but do n't reserve them for your friends and family living the gluten-free lifestyle . these fast and easy buns will quickly become your go-to bread to serve alongside soup , or with salad or pasta .

113 g unsalted butter
57 g water
57 g milk
3/4 teaspoon table salt or 1 teaspoon kosher salt
227 g tapioca flour or tapioca starch ( they 're the same thing )
2 teaspoons minced garlic
85 g grated parmesan , romano , or aged asiago cheese
2 large eggs , lightly beaten

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a couple of baking sheets ; or line with parchment . put the butter , water , milk , and salt in a saucepan , and heat until the butter has melted and the mixture has come to a full boil . while the mixture is heating , put 2 cups of tapioca flour into a mixing bowl . pour the boiling butter mixture over the tapioca flour , beating to combine . beat at high speed until the mixture becomes smooth and elastic-looking ; this will happen very quickly . beat the garlic and cheese into the dough until well combined . stick your finger into the dough . if it 's uncomfortably hot , let it sit for a couple of minutes to cool a bit ; you do n't want to cook the eggs when you beat them in . if it seems hot but not burning hot , continue with the next step . with the mixer going , gradually dribble in the beaten eggs , beating until well combined and smooth . we 've found that tapioca starch/flour varies in its absorption capabilities . if your batter is thick but pourable , like cake or pancake batter , beat in additional tapioca flour/starch until it 's thick enough to hold its shape when you scoop some onto a baking sheet . it should be the approximate consistency of cream puff batter : when you plop it onto the pan , it should settle slightly , but not spread into a puddle . drop the mixture in 2-tablespoon balls ( about the size of a golf ball ) onto the prepared baking sheets , spacing them about 1 1/2 '' apart . a level tablespoon cookie scoop works well here . the buns will settle slightly as they sit . bake the buns for about 20 minutes , until they have a freckled appearance ( from the browning cheese ) , and they 're beginning to color a bit . remove them from the oven , and serve hot . wrap any leftovers in plastic . store at room temperature for a couple of days ; freeze for longer storage . rewarm briefly ( the microwave is fine ) before serving .

tips from our bakers

want to experiment with other cheeses ? perfectly fine , but keep in mind the tapioca will naturally mellow the flavor of whatever cheese you choose . using a cheese with subtle flavor — e.g. , monterey jack , gruyère — will result in buns with very mild cheese taste .


fresh cherry quick bread

using fresh cherries ( or plums ) , this simple bread is quick to put together — and totally delicious .

113 g butter , softened
149 g granulated sugar
2 large eggs , beaten
14 g vanilla extract
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander or ground cardamom
1/2 teaspoon salt
11 g baking powder
227 g fresh cherries , pitted ; or diced fresh plums

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . beat the butter and sugar together , then beat in the eggs and extract . sift the dry ingredients together and add to the wet ingredients . stir in the cherries . spoon the batter into the prepared pan . bake the bread for 45 to 55 minutes . insert a skewer or cake tester into the center ; it will come out clean when the bread is done . cool the loaf for 10 minutes in the pan , then turn it out on a rack to fully cool . wrap in plastic until ready to serve ; store it overnight for best flavor . store at room temperature for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

this recipe uses coriander , the seed of the cilantro plant . it has a mysterious and exotic taste — try it added to your coffee grounds in the morning . add a tablespoon for a pot of eight cups , and brew as usual .


decadent grilled chocolate sandwiches

this recipe for chocolate sandwiches — buttery , grilled chocolate sandwiches — is a runaway hit every time we make them in the test kitchen .

bread

10 slices firm-textured white bread ( try our buttertop bread recipe )

filling

113 g heavy cream
170 g bittersweet or semisweet chocolate ( not unsweetened baking chocolate ) , broken or chopped into small pieces
28 g to 43 g butter
71 g sparkling white sugar , optional

bring the cream to a simmer , and stir in the chocolate ; continue to stir until the mixture is shiny and smooth , heating briefly if necessary to melt the chocolate completely . let the chocolate cool until thickened . butter one side of each piece of bread . spread about 3 tablespoons of the chocolate onto the unbuttered side of 5 of the slices , leaving a bit around the edges uncoated . top with the remaining bread . sprinkle the buttered sides of the bread with the sparkling sugar . grill the sandwiches over medium heat until they 're golden brown on both sides . ( be careful : the sugar tends to burn if the heat is too high . ) be sure to wipe the pan between sandwiches . cut the sandwiches into triangles , and serve warm .

tips from our bakers

any extra filling may be stored , refrigerated and covered for later use — it 's wonderful reheated and served over ice cream.or , if you 'd rather not make the filling from scratch , just use our chocolate schmear filling .


multi-seed hamburger buns

these buns are mixed , shaped and allowed to rise in the refrigerator for 12 to 24 hours . the cool rise adds extra flavor ; it also offers flexibility in timing . you can start them one day and bake them in the cool of the next morning , or start them before you leave for work and finish them just before your evening meal .

71 g sesame seeds
39 g poppy seeds
35 g flax seeds
18 g caraway seeds
11 g instant yeast
454 g warm water
43 g honey
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g vegetable shortening
602 g ( approximately ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
vegetable oil , for brushing on the buns

toast the seeds : place the sesame seeds , poppy seeds , flax seeds , and caraway seeds in a skillet . cook over medium-low heat , stirring often , until the sesame seeds have turned golden brown , about 10 minutes . remove from the heat and cool . to make the dough : in a large bowl , stir yeast into water to soften . add honey , salt , shortening , cooled seeds , and 2 cups flour to the yeast mixture . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . gradually add flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . leave the dough on work surface . cover with a towel and let rest for 10 minutes . divide the dough into 12 equal pieces . shape each piece into a ball . cover the balls with a towel and let rest for 5 minutes . lightly grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper . flatten each ball into a 3 1/2 '' circle . make them slightly concave in the center . place 1/2 '' apart on the baking sheet . brush the tops lightly with vegetable oil , and lay a piece of plastic wrap over the buns . cover the wrap with a cloth towel . refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours . when you 're ready to bake the buns : preheat the oven to 400°f . remove the buns from the refrigerator and let sit , covered , at room temperature . bake for 20 minutes , or until done . immediately remove buns from baking sheet and cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




hamburger potato buns

we love the simplicity of these buns , which are ideal for serving a crowd of hungry burger fans . it 's the perfect bun for our blue cheese stuffed burgers .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g potato flour or dry potato flakes
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g unsalted butter
227 g lukewarm water

topping

14 g unsalted butter , melted

combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise in a warm place for 1 hour , or until it 's almost doubled in bulk . turn the dough onto a lightly greased surface , gently deflate it , and divide it into 6 pieces . roll each piece into a ball . place the balls into the greased cups of a hamburger bun pan , flattening gently . or place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving about 2 '' to 3 '' between them ; flatten gently . cover and let rise until the buns have doubled in size , 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 15 to 20 minutes , or until they 're light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and brush them with melted butter , if desired . transfer the buns to a rack to cool . store buns , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 6 buns .

tips from our bakers

for an aromatic , crunchy , seedy topping for your buns , just before baking the buns , brush them with egg wash ( 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon of water ) and top with a sprinkling of everything bagel topping .


cinnamon-pecan swirl brioche

classic french brioche , a yeast dough made with eggs and butter , is coiled with pecans and cinnamon sugar . it 's excellent toasted on the second day .

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
21 g non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
25 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 teaspoons saf gold instant yeast ( preferred )
2 large eggs
74 g water
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
85 g unsalted butter , softened

filling and topping

74 g baker 's cinnamon filling + 28 g water
57 g diced pecans
11 g sticky bun sugar , optional , for topping

to make the dough : whisk together the dry ingredients , then add the eggs , water , and flavoring , mixing and kneading well . cut the butter in small pieces and beat it in piece by piece . continue beating until the dough is smooth and shiny , about 5 to 8 minutes . cover the dough and let rise until puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . if you 're using a bread machine , simply place all of the dough ingredients in the bucket and program the machine for the dough cycle . to shape the loaf : on a lightly floured surface , roll the dough into a 20 '' x 10 '' rectangle . top with the prepared filling , then sprinkle with the nuts . beginning with a long edge , roll the dough into a 20 '' log . spiral the log into a lightly greased brioche pan or other deep , round pan , tucking the end into the middle . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) cover and let the loaf rise in a warm place until very puffy , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . preheat the oven to 350°f . just before baking , sprinkle it heavily with sticky bun sugar , if desired . this will give the loaf a shiny , sweet crust . bake the brioche for 45 to 55 minutes , checking it after 20 minutes and tenting with foil if it 's browning too quickly . when done , the brioche will be deeply browned and its internal temperature will register at least 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . cool the brioche in the pan for 15 minutes , then gently turn it out onto a rack to cool completely . store any leftover brioche , wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days .

tips from our bakers

this bread makes a great gift when baked in panettone papers . spray the paper to ensure the bread comes out , but you can simply gift it in the paper.substitute 1/2 cup ( 3 3/4 ounces , 106g ) light brown sugar mixed with 2 tablespoons each cinnamon , instant clearjel ( 3/4 ounce , 21g ) or flour ( 1/2 ounce , 14g ) , and soft butter ( 1 ounce , 28g ) for 1/2 cup baker 's cinnamon filling + 2 tablespoons water .


panini bread

we love this recipe . it yields an extremely light , air pocket-riddled loaf , wonderful for splitting lengthwise , to make a panini sandwich . note that the dough is extremely slack ( wet ) and sticky ; this consistency is what gives the bread its lovely `` holey '' texture .

biga ( starter )

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g cool water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

biga , from above
1 teaspoon instant yeast
57 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon sugar
7 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g olive oil
57 g to 113 g water

mix the biga ingredients in a small bowl until well combined . let the biga rest overnight , covered , or for up to 15 hours . place all of the dough ingredients , including the biga , into the bowl of your mixer , and beat it at medium speed ( speed 4 on a kitchenaid ) , using the flat beater , for 3 minutes ; the dough should have started to clear the sides of the bowl . if it has n't , increase the speed of the mixer , and mix for an additional 2 minutes . switch to the dough hook , and knead for an additional 3 to 4 minutes ; the dough will be extremely soft . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for 2 hours , deflating it once midway through the rising time . transfer the dough to a well-oiled work surface . lightly grease a half-sheet baking pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) or similar large pan , and your hands . using a bench knife or your fingers , divide the dough in half . handling the dough gently , stretch one piece into a log about 10 '' long , and place it crosswise on one half of the baking sheet . flatten the log with your fingers until it 's about 3 '' wide . repeat with the remaining piece of dough . lightly cover the dough with heavily oiled plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for 2 hours ; it 'll become very puffy , and will jiggle when you shake the pan gently . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . bake the loaves for 22 to 25 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . turn off the oven , remove the panini loaves from the baking sheet , and return them to the oven , propping the oven door open a couple of inches with a folded-over potholder . allow the loaves to cool completely in the oven ; this will give them a very crisp crust . if desired , sift a dusting of flour on top of the cooled loaves .

tips from our bakers

use more water in winter , or if you 're in a dry climate ; less in summer , or in humid weather . the goal is a very sticky dough , too sticky to knead by hand , but not so slack that it wo n't hold its shape when you plop it onto a pan . start with a lesser amount of liquid , and add more if the dough does n't seem sticky enough.you may also prepare this dough in a bread machine programmed for the dough cycle . let the dough rise for 2 hours.for easiest handling , keep your hands well oiled as you work with the dough .


pane bianco

this recipe makes a tasty loaf filled with fresh basil , tomatoes , garlic , and shredded cheese ; the bread has wonderful soft texture , and is packed with flavor . the unique shape is simple to achieve , and makes an impressive presentation . dianna wara of washington , illinois , took first place in the first-ever national festival of breads with this recipe — which we 've since simplified a bit , while retaining its award-winning characteristics . thanks , dianna !

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour*
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 large egg
113 g lukewarm milk
74 g lukewarm water
35 g olive oil
*see `` tips , '' below .

filling

85 g shredded italian-blend cheese or the cheese of your choice
113 g oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes or your own oven-roasted tomatoes
3 to 6 cloves garlic , peeled and minced
14 g chopped fresh basil , green or purple

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients in a bowl ( or the bucket of your bread machine ) , and mix and knead — by hand , using a mixer , or in your bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , very soft dough . the dough should stick a bit to the bottom of the bowl if you 're using a stand mixer . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for 45 to 60 minutes , or until it 's doubled in size . meanwhile , thoroughly drain the tomatoes , patting them dry . use kitchen shears to cut them into smaller bits . gently deflate the dough . flatten and pat it into a 22 '' x 8 1/2 '' rectangle . spread with the cheese , tomatoes , garlic , and basil . starting with one long edge , roll the dough into a log the long way . pinch the edges to seal . place the log seam-side down on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . using kitchen shears , start 1/2 '' from one end and cut the log lengthwise down the center about 1 '' deep , to within 1/2 '' of the other end . keeping the cut side up , form an `` s '' shape . tuck both ends under the center of the `` s '' to form a `` figure 8 ; '' pinch the ends together to seal . cover and let rise in a warm place until double , 45 to 60 minutes . while the loaf is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the bread , and bake it for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting it with foil after 20 to 25 minutes to prevent over-browning . remove the bread from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . enjoy warm or at room temperature . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for a couple of days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

substitute all-purpose flour 1:1 for the bread flour in the recipe , if desired . reduce the water to 1/4 cup . when making anything with yeast , including this bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise until it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time.chop your basil with kitchen shears , just as you do the sun-dried tomatoes.want to make a gluten-free version of this bread ? see our gluten-free focaccia recipe , with its tips for adding filling .


soft pretzels

these pretzels can be made salty or sweet ; your choice . read the `` tips '' below to vary the shape and flavor .

dough

361 g pastry flour blend or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or 14 g sugar
7 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver ( optional , but helpful )
14 g butter or vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g water

topping

43 g water
11 g non-diastatic malt powder ( or 14 g sugar )
2 teaspoons baking soda
pretzel salt , cinnamon-sugar , or pearl sugar
28 g butter , melted ( optional )

mix and knead the dough ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or machine — until the dough is cohesive and fairly smooth . it should be slightly sticky ; if it seems dry , sprinkle it with a tablespoon or two of water . cover the dough and let it rest for 30 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface , fold it over a few times to gently deflate it , then divide it into six pieces , each weighing about 3 1/4 ounces . roll each piece of dough into a 24 '' rope . in a shallow bowl , mix together the water , malt ( or sugar ) and baking soda . shape each rope into a pretzel , and dip in the baking soda solution ; this will help the pretzels brown . sprinkle with pretzel salt or pearl sugar , if desired , and bake in a preheated 400°f oven for 12 to 15 minutes , until golden brown . remove them from the oven , brush with melted butter , dip in cinnamon sugar ( if desired ) , and serve warm . store , well-wrapped , for 2 days at room temperature . freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to make pretzel bites : roll the six dough pieces into 10 '' ropes . cut each rope crosswise into six equal pieces . dip the pieces into the baking-soda solution , place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , and top with pretzel salt , or sea salt . bake in a preheated 400° oven for 12 to 15 minutes , until golden brown . remove from the oven , and roll the bites in 6 tablespoons melted butter .

to make sweet pretzel bites : roll the six dough pieces into 10 '' ropes . cut each rope crosswise into six equal pieces . dip the pieces into the baking-soda solution , place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , and top with pearl sugar , if desired . bake in a preheated 400° oven for 12 to 15 minutes , until golden brown . remove from the oven , and roll the bites in 6 tablespoons melted butter , then 6 tablespoons cinnamon sugar ( if you have n't rolled them in pearl sugar ) .


peanut butter-chocolate loaf

two favorite flavors in a tasty yeast loaf .

dough

227 g lukewarm water
135 g peanut butter , smooth or crunchy
1 large egg
53 g packed brown sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
7 g instant yeast

filling/topping

128 g chocolate chips
28 g sparkling white sugar ( optional )

place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for 1 1/2-pound loaf , light crust setting , and press start . after about 10 minutes of kneading , check the dough ; it should be soft and slightly sticky . add a bit more flour or water , as necessary . add the chips with about 5 minutes left in the kneading cycle . at the start of the final rise , spritz the loaf with water , and sprinkle it with sparkling white sugar . allow the machine to complete its cycle . remove the bread from the pan , and cool it completely for easiest slicing . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




greek tsoureki

this traditional greek easter bread is terrific for easter brunch , slathered with butter ; and any leftovers make the world 's most outrageous french toast ! a nice thing about this recipe is that the work is broken up into two sections . the first day you make and knead the dough in the evening , then pop it into the fridge for a long , slow rise . on the morning of the second day you shape the dough , then let it rise again and bake it . the traditional flavoring for the bread is a spice called mahlep . in a pinch you can substitute vanilla , but the mahlep is worth finding . it adds a distinctive cherry/almond , sweet-nutty flavor that 's unlike anything you 've tried before .

starter

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g lukewarm water
4 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

dough

57 g unsalted butter
298 g to 418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
99 g sugar
18 g baker 's special dry milk
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon ground mahlep , or the same amount of vanilla extract
3 large eggs — 2 for the dough , 1 to brush over the loaf before baking

optional decoration

3 to 5 hard-boiled eggs , dyed red
1 tablespoon canola oil , for brushing the hard-boiled eggs

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a large bowl . cover the bowl and let rest at room temperature for 1 hour . the mixture will initially be the consistency of thick pancake batter ; after an hour it should be very bubbly , airy , and doubled in size . while the starter rests , ready the dough . melt the butter over low heat and set it aside to cool . in a small bowl , combine 1 cup of the flour with the sugar , dry milk , salt , and mahlep . mix 2 of the eggs into the risen starter . stir in the cooled melted butter . if you 're substituting vanilla extract for mahlep , stir it in . add the flour/sugar mixture and stir until everything is incorporated . add the remaining 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 cups flour 1 cup at a time , as needed to make dough that 's stiff enough to form a ball but is also soft and slightly sticky . knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until it springs back when pressed gently with a floured finger . if kneading by hand , try to use only the lightest dusting of flour on the counter and on your hands . the more gently you knead , the less sticky the dough will seem . when done , place the dough into a lightly greased bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and refrigerate for 8 to 12 hours , or overnight . the next morning , remove the dough from the fridge and knead it gently a few times , to deflate it . liberally butter a 9 '' round cake pan , or line a baking sheet with parchment . divide the dough into three pieces , and set them aside , covered with lightly greased plastic wrap . if you 're using the dyed eggs , rub each one with a paper towel dipped in vegetable oil and set them aside . make three 16 '' strands with the dough ; pinch the ends together at one end . braid for 4 '' to 5 '' ; tuck an egg into the braid . continue to braid , placing another egg into the braid at 2 '' intervals . you can make a longer , thinner braid with five eggs , the braid formed into a wreath shape and placed in the round pan ; or a shorter , straight , thicker braid , using three eggs , as shown above . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let the loaf rise at room temperature for 2 to 2 1/2 hours ; if you 're using the round pan , the top of the loaf should be just barely level with the top rim of the pan . during the last 45 minutes of the rise , preheat your oven to 350°f . to bake the bread : lightly beat the remaining egg . brush it over the loaf . ( alternatively , omit the egg wash if you 'd prefer to brush the loaf with honey when it comes out of the oven . ) if you 're baking a round loaf , press the last hard-boiled egg firmly into the center of the risen loaf . bake the bread for 20 minutes . open the oven door , reach in , and carefully press each egg farther down into the bread . continue to bake the bread for an additional 40 to 50 minutes , or until the internal temperature reaches 190°f . tent the bread with aluminum foil for the last 30 minutes , to prevent over-browning . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . if desired , heat 1/4 cup honey with 1 tablespoon water until warm , and brush over the loaf . let the bread cool completely before serving . yield : 1 loaf , 16 slices .

tips from our bakers

if you 're planning on red eggs for decoration , bake the bread with undyed eggs first , then swap for colored ones once the bread has cooled .


pan de muerto : day of the dead bread

like all rich egg breads ( think brioche ) , pan de muerto makes delicious french toast or bread pudding ( if there 's enough left to become stale ) . the anise and cinnamon combination might sound peculiar , but it actually works very well . traditionally eaten during mexico 's dia de los muertos observation in late fall , this bread is tasty any time of the year .

dough

113 g lukewarm milk
57 g butter , cut into 8 pieces ; or lard ( traditional )
50 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 large eggs
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

1/2 teaspoon anise seed
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons sugar
1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rise for 90 minutes ; it may not double in size , but will become quite puffy . break off a piece of dough about the size of a large baseball ( 7 1/2 ounces or so , if you have a scale ) . divide this smaller piece into three pieces ; two of them should be large , and one small ( about half the size of one of the larger pieces ) . place these dough pieces in a bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and refrigerate . shape the large piece of dough remaining into a smooth ball . flatten it to a 6 '' long x 3/4 '' tall round . place the round loaf on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or into a lightly greased 9 '' round cake pan . cover the loaf , and allow it to rise at room temperature for 90 minutes ; it will become puffy , though it wo n't double in bulk . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . just before the loaf is fully risen , remove the smaller pieces from the fridge . shape the smallest into a round ball . roll the other two into 10 '' ropes . to make the topping : mix together the anise seed , cinnamon , and sugar . brush the top of the bread with 1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon water . sprinkle with the topping . drape the two ropes across the loaf at right angles , so they form a cross over the bread . use your fingers to flatten the ropes in places , and at the ends , to give them a `` gnarled '' appearance . take the ball , flatten it slightly , and set it in the very center of the loaf , atop the spot where the ropes cross . pinch it onto the ropes to help hold it in place . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after 20 minutes to prevent over-browning . the interior of the finished loaf will register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer when it 's done . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . store it at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

dia de los muertos , the day of the dead , is celebrated in mexico october 30 through november 2 . a combination of ancient harvest festivals celebrating the cycle of life and catholicism 's all souls/all saints days ( october 31-november 1 ) , dia de los muertos celebrates and remembers loved ones who 've died . food — particularly the favorite foods of those being honored — is a big part of the celebration .

mexican culture ( and food ) varies widely from region to region , but pan de muerto , a rich , sweet , golden egg bread often scented with anise or orange , is a constant across the country . even those who do n't ordinarily include wheat bread in their diet will be sure to obtain pan de muerto during dia de los muertos . often fancifully shaped into human figures or animals , the bread is also fashioned into a simple round , which can then be decorated with extra pieces of dough shaped to symbolize bones and skulls — or not , as you like .


oatmeal & brown sugar toasting bread

this take on classic oatmeal bread features the lighter taste of brown sugar , as opposed to the molasses usually used . we feel the flavor of the oats shines through more fully when it 's not masked by molasses .

397 g boiling water
99 g rolled oats
78 g steel-cut oats or irish oatmeal , uncooked
53 g brown sugar
333 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dried milk
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
21 g milled flaxseed or 14 g vegetable oil

to make the dough manually or with an electric mixer : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine the boiling water , oats , steel-cut oats and sugar . stir the mixture once or twice to combine , then set it aside to cool to lukewarm . add the remaining ingredients , stirring until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface , oil your hands , and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes , or until it begins to become smooth and supple . this is a stiff dough , but just keep working at it ; it 'll become smooth and elastic . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 hour , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . to make the dough using a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . take a look at the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , and adjust its consistency with additional water or flour , as necessary , to produce a smooth , supple dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . to shape the dough : transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and form it into a loaf . place the loaf in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . cover the pan and let the bread rise for 1 hour , or until it 's just crowned over the edge of the pan . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and its internal temperature is about 200°f . note : this bread has a tendency to brown quickly ( and underbake in the center ) , so plan on tenting it lightly with aluminum foil about 20 minutes before the end of the baking time . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out onto a wire rack to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




butternut cider sage bread

moist and golden from roasted squash in the dough , this gently spiced , cider-scented bread is a nice accompaniment to soup or salad .

cider sage butter

57 g unsalted butter , room temperature
1/4 teaspoon salt
7 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
21 g boiled cider
3/4 teaspoon ground sage or 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
14 g brown sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground ginger
14 g olive oil
28 g water
43 g boiled cider
170 g mashed roasted butternut squash

to make the butter : combine the ingredients in the order listed , stirring until smooth . set aside . to make the dough : in a large mixing bowl , combine all of the ingredients and mix to make a smooth dough . knead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes , until smooth and bouncy . cover the dough and let it rise until doubled , about 1 1/2 hours . to shape : deflate the risen dough and roll into an 8 '' x 24 '' rectangle . using a sharp knife or pizza wheel , cut the dough into 16 rectangles , 4 '' x 3 '' each . spread half of each rectangle with 1 teaspoon of the flavored butter and fold in half : crosswise , lengthwise , or diagonally ( diagonal folding will yield an attractive `` mountainous '' appearance ) . butter the outside edges and place in a greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cut side up . repeat with the remaining squares of dough to fill the pan . cover the loaf with greased plastic and let rise for 45 minutes , until puffy-looking . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the bread and bake for 32 to 35 minutes , until the center of the loaf reaches 190°f when measured with a digital thermometer . tent with foil for the last 15 minutes of baking if the top is browning too quickly . remove from the oven and cool in the pan for 15 minutes before pulling off individual pieces to serve warm . store any leftovers , well wrapped , at room temperature for a couple of days . freeze for longer storage .




bagels

these days , every supermarket , country store , and corner deli seems to have a ready supply of top-flight bagels , as do shops that are devoted exclusively to bagels , their accompanying spreads , and bagel sandwiches with all sorts of interesting fillings . so , with all kinds of good bagels available just about wherever you turn , why make your own ? first , so you know what 's in 'em ; who wants azodicarbonmide in their pumpernickel bagel ? second , so you can customize them to your taste , as in pesto bagels with sun-dried tomatoes and pine nuts ; and third , it 's easy and fun ! if you can make bread dough , you can easily make bagels . these are a great treat to make with the young baker in your life .

dough

14 g instant yeast
482 g king arthur unbleached bread flour or organic bread flour
2 teaspoons salt
14 g non-diastatic malt powder , brown sugar , or barley malt syrup
340 g lukewarm water

water bath

1814 g water
28 g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar or barley malt syrup
14 g granulated sugar

combine all of the dough ingredients and knead vigorously for 10 minutes ( if you 're using an electric mixer ) or up to 15 minutes ( if you 're kneading by hand ) . since we 're using a high-protein bread flour here , it takes a bit more effort and time to develop the gluten . the dough will be quite stiff ; if you 're using a mixer it will `` thwap '' the sides of the bowl , and hold its shape ( without spreading at all ) when you stop the mixer . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and set it aside to rise until it 's noticeably puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . lightly grease two baking sheets , or line them with parchment and grease the parchment . transfer the dough to a work surface , and divide it into eight pieces ( for large bagels ) , or 12 pieces ( for standard-size bagels ) . working with one piece at a time , roll it into a smooth , round ball . place the balls on one of the prepared baking sheets . cover the balls with plastic wrap , and let them rest for 30 minutes . they 'll puff up very slightly . while the dough is resting , prepare the water bath by heating the water , malt , and sugar to a very gentle boil in a large , wide-diameter pan . preheat your oven to 425°f . use your index finger to poke a hole through the center of each ball , then twirl the dough on your finger to stretch the hole until it 's about 1 1/2 '' to 2 '' in diameter . place six bagels on each of the baking sheets . transfer the bagels , four at a time if possible , to the simmering water . increase the heat under the pan to bring the water back up to a gently simmering boil , if necessary . cook the bagels for 2 minutes , flip them over , and cook 1 minute more . using a skimmer or strainer , remove the bagels from the water and place them back on the baking sheet . repeat with the remaining bagels . bake the bagels for 20 to 25 minutes , or until they 're as deep brown as you like , turning them over about 15 minutes into the baking time ( this will help them remain tall and round ) . remove the bagels from the oven , and cool completely on a rack .

tips from our bakers

variations :
to make sesame seed or poppy seed ( or other seed ) bagels , brush each bagel , just
before baking , with a glaze made of 1 egg white beaten until frothy with 1
tablespoon of water . glaze each bagel , and sprinkle heavily with seeds.to make onion-topped bagels , bake bagels for 20 to 22 minutes
( or until they 're almost as brown as you like ) , and remove the pan from the oven ,
keeping the oven turned on . working with one bagel at a time , glaze as instructed
above , and sprinkle with minced , dried onion . return the bagels to the oven for
no more than 2 minutes ( the onions will burn if the bagels are left in longer
than that ) .want to make cinnamon-raisin bagels ? knead about 2/3 cup of
raisins into the dough toward the end of the kneading process . just before
you 're done kneading , sprinkle your work surface heavily with cinnamon-sugar ,
and give the dough a few more turns ; it 'll pick up the cinnamon-sugar in
irregular swirls . divide the dough into pieces , form each piece into a
ball , and roll each ball in additional cinnamon-sugar . proceed to let rest and
shape as directed above .


seeded hamburger buns

soft buns , topped with crunchy seeds , are a perfect complement to grilled burgers .

buns

170 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
28 g butter or oil
25 g sugar
2 tablespoons sesame seeds whole golden flax seeds or everything bread and bagel topping
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon onion powder , optional
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

2 tablespoons everything bread and bagel topping or whole flax seeds
1 large egg white , or quick shine spray

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , to make a soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise in a warm place for an hour , until it 's almost doubled in size . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , flatten it slightly , and divide it into 6 pieces , each weighing about 3 1/2 to 4 ounces . roll each piece into a ball . place balls into the greased cups of a hamburger bun pan , flattening gently . cover and let rise until the buns have doubled in size . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the buns for 10 minutes . remove them from the oven , brush with lightly beaten egg white ( or spray with quick shine ) and sprinkle with seed topping ; do this quickly , or the seeds wo n't stick ! return the buns to the oven and bake for 5 to 8 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove from the oven , and cool on a rack .




sweet swirl bread

this tasty sweet bread is versatile in that it can be stuffed with the filling we give a recipe for below , or with any number of delicious `` shortcut '' fillings . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) a favorite part of this bread is the topping . applied prior to baking , it gives the loaf a shiny golden crust , with a nice hint of sugar and vanilla .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
74 g water
pinch of instant yeast

dough

2 large eggs
71 g unsalted butter
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g sugar
11 g instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or buttery sweet dough flavor , optional

almond filling

96 g almond flour or finely ground almonds
11 g instant clearjel , optional ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 drop bitter almond oil or 1/4 teaspoon almond extract
pinch of salt
35 g sugar
21 g fresh ( soft ) bread crumbs
1 large egg

topping

11 g sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon cold water

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small ( 2- to 3-cup ) bowl , cover the bowl , and let rest overnight at room temperature . the starter will be very stiff . to make the dough : combine the starter with the remaining dough ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy but not doubled in bulk . lightly grease two fluted loaf pans , two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pans , or line a baking sheet with parchment . to make the filling : mix all the ingredients together until blended . to shape the loaves : gently deflate the dough , divide it in half , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes . pat and roll each half into a 9 '' square . spread each square with about 1/2 cup filling , leaving 1/2 '' free of filling on three edges . fold two opposite edges over the filling about 1 '' . this will help contain it as you roll . starting with the side where the filling comes right to the edge , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seam closed . repeat with the other square . starting at one end of the log , use a baker 's bench knife , or a sharp knife , to cut the log lengthwise down the middle , all the way to the opposite end . do n't cut through the opposite end , just right up to it . grab the two cut ends and twist ( braid ) them around one another , then fasten together once more . you now have a loaf that 's twisted in the center , exposing the filling , and sealed at each end . repeat with the other log . place one loaf into each of the pans , or onto the baking sheet . cover the pan ( s ) and allow the dough to rise for 45 minutes , until it 's a bit puffy , but not risen over the edge of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . to make the topping : mix together the topping ingredients . brush the topping on the risen loaves . to bake the bread : bake for 25 minutes . tent it lightly with foil , and bake for an additional 20 minutes , until it 's golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and let it cool in the pan for 5 to 10 minutes before transferring the loaf to a rack to cool . store , wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

substitute the almond filling included in the recipe with :
1/2 cup almond schmear
1/2 cup chocolate schmear
1/2 cup baker 's cinnamon filling
1/2 cup poppy seed filling
1/2 cup ( 3 ounces , 85g ) mini chocolate chips
or 1/2 cup ( 3 ounces , 85g ) cinnamon chips.if desired , omit the topping , and glaze the baked bread with vanilla glaze , or sprinkle heavily with non-melting sugar . if you use clearjel , the filling will be firm but spreadable . if you leave it out , the filing will be looser , and a bit more difficult to work with .


baked cinnamon english muffins

these baked english muffins are sweet , subtly cinnamon-y , and do n't need much enhancement to become a favorite breakfast or snack . their nooks and crannies may be less pronounced than their griddled counterparts , but we promise that they 'll more than soak up a generous slathering of butter .

142 g king arthur unbleached white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
64 g hi-maize fiber*
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons baking powder
35 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g baker 's special dry milk
255 g lukewarm water
28 g melted butter
2 teaspoons vinegar , white or cider
cornmeal or semolina
*substitute additional white whole wheat flour for the hi-maize , if desired .

beat all the ingredients ( except the cornmeal or semolina ) at high speed for 1 minute , until the dough is fairly smooth . let the dough rise in a greased , covered bowl for about 60 minutes , until puffy . place 12 greased 3 3/4 '' english muffin rings on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . sprinkle cornmeal or semolina into each ring . do n't have english muffin rings ? see `` tips , '' at left . divide the dough into 12 pieces , shape into balls , and place each into a ring , flattening it somewhat . sprinkle the top of each with cornmeal or semolina . top the entire pan of muffins with a greased baking sheet ; this will prevent them from doming as they rise . let the muffins rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until they 're puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the muffins ( still with the baking sheet on top ) for 10 minutes . flip the pans over , and bake 5 minutes more . remove the top pan , and bake for another 3 to 5 minutes , until the muffins are a light golden brown , and the interior of one registers about 200°f on a digital thermometer . remove the muffins from the oven . remove the muffin rings , and transfer the muffins to a rack to cool . yield : 12 muffins .

tips from our bakers

tip : if you do n't have baker 's special dry milk , replace the dry milk and the water with 1 cup + 2 tablespoons ( 9 ounces ) lukewarm milk.do n't have english muffin rings ? fashion the dough into balls , flatten , and place on the baking sheet without the rings . they may be a bit thinner than muffins baked in a ring , but will still taste just fine .


peanut power banana bread

with a hearty dose of ancient grains and a punch of protein-rich powdered peanut butter , this banana bread is a dense , moist , and tasty vegan alternative to traditional loaves . the chocolate chips are a wonderfully decadent addition if you 're as much a fan of chocolate for breakfast as we are .

149 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
99 g ancient grains blend
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon vietnamese cinnamon
85 g powdered peanut butter
113 g water
about 283 g to 340 g mashed ripe bananas ( about 3 medium or 2 large bananas , or 1 pound unpeeled )
142 g brown sugar , packed
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
99 g vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon vinegar
170 g bittersweet chocolate chips , optional
demerara sugar , for sprinkling , optional

to make the bread : preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , whisk together the flours , salt , baking powder , baking soda , and cinnamon . set aside . in a separate bowl , stir together the powdered peanut butter and water until evenly moistened . if you 're substituting peanut butter ( see `` tips , '' below ) , simply put the peanut butter in a bowl . stir in the mashed bananas , brown sugar , vanilla , oil , and vinegar . pour the wet ingredients into the dry , and stir just until evenly moistened . fold in the chocolate chips . pour the batter into the prepared pan , and sprinkle the top with demerara sugar . bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes , until it 's nicely browned around the edges and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the bread from the oven . after 10 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely .

tips from our bakers

substitute 1/3 cup ( 3 ounces ) regular smooth ( not natural ) peanut butter for the peanut butter powder and water , if desired.to make a peanut butter glaze : sift 1/4 cup powdered peanut butter and 1/4 cup confectioners ' sugar into a small mixing bowl . stir in 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract , 2 tablespoons water , and a pinch of salt . spread the glaze over the cooled bread .


eggnog french toast

french toast , one of the basic comfort foods , is a great fix-ahead breakfast for christmas morning— when it 's baked , not fried . by preparing the bacon ahead and including it with the french toast in the oven , the flavors meld , adding a delicious smokiness to an otherwise sweet dish . so , at this point , who has time to bake bread ? the eggnog bread recipe offers a more complex layer of flavors in what is a simple but plain-looking dish , and can easily be made ahead . if there 's no time to make the bread , use a nice loaf of white sandwich bread , stuffed , soaked and baked as directed below .

eggnog bread

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g butter
113 g eggnog
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
142 g warm water
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon vanilla or 1/4 teaspoon eggnog flavor ( optional )

filling

454 g bacon , fried or oven-baked until crisp

eggnog custard

794 g eggnog
8 large eggs
25 g sugar
1/8 teaspoon eggnog flavor

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow it to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy . turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled surface . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into an 8 '' log . nestle it into a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cover it ( with a proof cover or greased plastic wrap ) , and allow the loaf to rise for about 30 to 45 minutes , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . *see `` tips , '' below . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for about 35 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center comes out clean . remove it from the oven , allow it to cool in the pan for 5 minutes , then remove it from the pan and cool it completely on a rack . to assemble the bread for french toast : the night before you want to serve the french toast , arrange six 1/2 '' slices of bread in a heavily buttered 9 '' x 13 '' pan . if necessary , cut a few slices to fit so the pan is covered . layer the bacon atop the bread , then top with the remaining bread slices . whisk together the eggnog , eggs , sugar , and flavoring ( if you 're using it ) , then pour it evenly over the bread in the pan . push the bread down into the custard . cover the pan , and refrigerate overnight . the next day , remove the french toast from the refrigerator , and let it rest at room temperature while you preheat your oven to 350°f . uncover it , and bake it for about 45 minutes , until the top is golden and it 's set . remove the french toast from the oven , allow it to rest for 10 minutes , then dust it heavily with confectioners ' sugar . cut it into squares to serve .

tips from our bakers

note : this bread rises fairly slowly during its first rise , but seems to rise more quickly once it 's in the pan .
ideally , the bread for baked french toast should be a bit stale . either make this bread a few days ahead and let it get stale naturally , or cut 1/2 '' slices early on the day you want to assemble the french toast , lay them on a baking sheet or other flat surface , and let them dry out a little , at room temperature , over the course of the day .


gruyère-stuffed crusty loaves

welcome to our march bakealong challenge ! who does n't love warm bread and cheese ? fresh from the oven , a lava-flow of aromatic cheese melts down the sides of these chewy/crusty loaves . they 're a wonderful party bread , perfect for enjoying with friends . our thanks to chicago 's french pastry school for the recipe that inspired this one .

starter

149 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
113 g cool water

dough

all of the starter
255 g to 284 g lukewarm water*
1 teaspoon salt
418 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor ( optional )
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
*use the greater amount of water in winter , when conditions are dry ; and the lesser amount in summer , when the weather is humid .

filling

283 g grated gruyère cheese , or the grated/shredded cheese of your choice ( sharp cheddar , or a mixture of provolone and mozzarella are tasty )
1 tablespoon garlic oil ( optional )
1 tablespoon pizza seasoning ( optional )

to make the starter : mix the 1 1/4 cups flour , salt , yeast , and 1/2 cup water in a medium-sized bowl . mix until well combined ; the starter will be stiff , not soft/liquid . cover and let rest overnight at room temperature ( 65°f to 75°f is ideal ) ; it 'll become bubbly . to make the dough : combine the risen starter with the water , salt , flour , flavor ( if you 're using it ) , and yeast . knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface , or a piece of parchment . pat and stretch it into a 3/4 '' -thick rectangle , about 9 '' x 12 '' . spritz with water ( or brush with garlic oil ) , and sprinkle with the grated cheese ( and pizza seasoning , if you 're using it ) . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seam and the ends to seal . the cheese will try to fall out ; that 's ok , just try to enclose as much as possible , then pack any errant cheese into the ends before sealing . place the log , seam-side down , on a lightly floured or lightly oiled surface ( or leave it on the parchment and place the parchment on a baking sheet , for easiest transport ) . cover the bread and let it rise until it 's puffy though not doubled in bulk , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . if you 're baking two loaves , position a rack in the center of the oven . if you 're baking four loaves , place two racks towards the center of the oven with just enough room in between to accommodate the rising loaves . gently cut the log into four crosswise slices , for mini-breads ; or simply cut the dough in half , for two normal-sized loaves . a large sharp knife or serrated knife works well here . if for some reason you fail to cut all the way through the dough at the bottom , simply take a pair of scissors and snip through the dough . place the loaves on one ( for two loaves ) or two ( for four mini-loaves ) lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets , cut side up . spread them open a bit at the top , if necessary , to more fully expose the cheese . spritz with warm water . the loaves will have deflated a bit by this point ; but if you place them in the preheated oven immediately , they 'll pick right up again . bake for 25 to 35 minutes ( for the mini-loaves ) , or 35 to 40 minutes ( for the full-sized loaves ) , or until the cheese is melted and the loaves are a deep golden brown . if you 're baking four loaves on two pans , rotate the pans halfway through the baking time : top to bottom , bottom to top . remove the pans from the oven , and cool the bread right on the pans . bread is best served warm . store any leftovers , well-wrapped , for a day or so in the refrigerator ; freeze for longer storage ( up to 4 weeks ) . reheat bread before serving ; wrap in foil , and warm in a preheated 350°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes , or until heated through . bread that 's been frozen can be taken right from the freezer , wrapped in foil ( if it 's not already ) , and put into a 350°f oven . it 'll be nicely warmed in 45 to 50 minutes .

tips from our bakers

to make the bread ahead , then refrigerate overnight before baking : make the recipe up to the point where you 've cut the loaves . place them on the pan ( s ) , and drape with lightly greased plastic wrap . refrigerate overnight . when ready to bake , remove from the refrigerator and let rest at warm room temperature for 90 minutes before baking.to make the bread ahead , then freeze before baking : make the recipe up to the point where you 've cut the loaves and placed them on the baking sheet . drape the pan ( s ) with lightly greased plastic wrap and place in the freezer . when loaves are completely frozen , wrap each in plastic and freeze for up to 2 weeks . when ready to bake , unwrap loaves and place on a baking sheet . drape with lightly greased plastic wrap , and thaw overnight in the refrigerator . next day , let loaves rest at warm room temperature for 90 minutes before baking.want to make this bread with king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ? go for it ! start with the lesser amount of water , adding additional water only if necessary to make a soft , supple dough . want to make this bread with king arthur white whole wheat flour ? the resulting loaves will be more chewy than crusty , but still delicious . for best results , allow the just-mixed dough to rest for 20 minutes before kneading ; this gives the whole wheat flour a chance to absorb the liquid , making it easier to knead . also , the bread will probably need a bit less time in the oven ; start checking it 5 to 10 minutes sooner than you would a loaf made with 100 % all-purpose or bread flour .
to make 50 % whole wheat loaves : substitute white whole wheat flour for 50 % of the bread flour in both the starter and dough .
to make 100 % whole wheat loaves : substitute white whole wheat flour for all of the bread flour in both starter and dough . when making the dough , you 'll probably need to add an additional tablespoon or so of water ( up to about 1 1/3 cups water ) to make a soft , supple dough . the dough may rise more slowly .


peanut butter and jelly bread

while baguettes , brioche and classic sandwich loaves remain the standards of the baking world , occasionally bread can take on the trendiness of a pop star . a loaf of oatmeal bread , swirled with creamy peanut butter and bright , sweet jelly , offers a fun all-in-one punch to a ordinary sandwich combination .

oat mixture

100 g rolled oats
170 g honey
57 g butter
1 tablespoon salt
340 g boiling water

dough

2 1/4 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
113 g water
1 teaspoon honey
418 g to 539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour

filling

269 g peanut butter , at room temperature
206 g jam or jelly

to make the oat mixture : combine all the ingredients in a large bowl . let cool to lukewarm . combine the yeast , water , honey and 1/2 cup of all-purpose flour . let rest for ten minutes . when the oats have cooled to room temperature , stir in the yeast mixture . add all of the whole wheat flour . gradually knead in the unbleached flour as needed to make a smooth and satiny dough . oil a bowl , place the dough in the bowl , turn the dough to coat it , and cover the bowl . allow the dough to rise until puffy , about 90 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter . knead it a little bit to expel any air bubbles . divide the dough into two equal pieces . roll each into a rectangle about 9 '' x 15 '' . smear 1/2 cup of peanut butter and 1/3 cup of jelly on the first rectangle . maintain a 1 '' border on all sides . roll up the dough , starting with a long side . pinch the seam together and pinch the ends together . place the roll in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' bread pan . repeat with the second rectangle of dough . let the loaves rise until they have risen 1 '' over the top of the pan , about 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the loaves for 35 to 45 minutes , until they are nicely browned and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom . cool on a rack , then store at room temperature for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




tamale pie

since this recipe was posted last week , it 's come to our attention that there was a serious typo when the ingredients were entered into the nutritional analysis : as originally published , the nutritionals recorded 2 cups of butter instead of 2 ounces . corrected nutritionals are now posted , including saturated fat ( 3/27/09 ) . this recipe made its debut in the baking sheet , our subscription baking newsletter . susan reid , the editor , described it this way : `` greg , my other half , is always happy when the answer to 'what 's for dinner ? ' is 'a casserole ' . being a true child of the donna reed era , the idea of a warm covered dish with meat and cheese and starch all together makes him feel right at home . the tamale topping for this dish is moist and tender , studded with flecks of corn . you can add herbs or cheese if you like . partly because of my restaurant training , i tend to make the filling for this dish in double batches , one for now and one for the freezer . that way i 'm halfway there later on when i come home late and want to get dinner on the table without starting from scratch . if you want to make the filling ahead , you can do so and tuck it in its casserole dish in the refrigerator . when you get home , turn the oven on , plunk the casserole in the microwave for 10 minutes to heat through while you put together the topping , scoop it out , put it in the oven . your total time from start to dinner ? 35 minutes . ''

25 g olive oil
1 pound ground chicken , turkey , or beef
142 g diced onions
2 cloves chopped garlic
1 tablespoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon salt
pepper or cayenne to taste
1 can ( 8 ounces ) tomato sauce
1 can ( 14.5 ounces ) stewed tomatoes
1 can ( 14.5 ounces ) diced tomatoes in juice
1 can ( 14.5 ounces ) black or dark red kidney beans , drained and rinsed

tamale topping

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
103 g whole cornmeal
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
57 g ( 1/2 stick ) butter
1 large egg
1 small ( 8 ounces ) can creamed corn
113 g buttermilk
113 g grated cheese , optional

to make the filling : place a large skillet over medium heat . add the olive oil and the meat . cook , stirring occasionally , until the meat is browned . add the onions , garlic , and spices , and cook for 3 minutes more , until the onions soften . add the tomato sauce , stewed tomatoes , and diced tomatoes . cook for 5 minutes . add the kidney beans , stir to combine , and transfer the mixture to a covered 2 1/2 to 3-quart casserole dish . for the topping : preheat the oven to 350°f . whisk together the flours , baking soda , baking powder , and salt . work in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse bread crumbs . beat together the egg , creamed corn , and buttermilk , and stir into the dry ingredients until evenly moistened . if you 're adding cheese , stir it in now . scoop the batter on top of the hot filling , leaving plenty of space around each one : the tamale dumplings will double in size as they cook . cover the dish and bake for 25 to 30 minutes . remove from the oven and serve warm .

tips from our bakers

the amount of sodium in this recipe as given is equivalent to about 3/4 teaspoon of salt . if you 'd like to lower this amount , switch from canned ingredients to fresh ; cook the black beans from soaked , dried beans , or use low sodium canned corn and tomatoes.you can use pepperjack , monterey jack , or cheddar cheese in this recipe , depending on your taste.you can also spice up the recipe with a diced fresh jalapeno and a splash of tabasco sauce , if you like your food on the hotter end of the flavor spectrum.too hot to fire up the oven ? if you have a deep 12-inch skillet with a lid , you can cook the tamale pie on the stove ( or even outdoors , on your grill ) . after the batter is scooped on top , put on the lid and simmer for 25 to 30 minutes over medium-low heat.if you 're looking for a timesaver , you could substitute a packet of taco seasoning for the spices in the filling ; just be aware that prepackaged spice mixes often contain msg .


gluten-free fruit focaccia

fragrant with fresh thyme , this recipe , from aran goyoaga , gives a sweet twist to a traditionally savory focaccia . a sprinkling of flaky salt on top enhances the flavor of the fruit .

1 tablespoon active dry or instant yeast
170 to 227 g warm water
1 teaspoon sugar
429 g king arthur gluten-free flour
1 1/2 teaspoons xanthan gum
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves
25 g olive oil , plus more for topping
21 g honey
1 large egg at room temperature , lightly beaten
142 g small black grapes or blackberries
flaked sea salt , for topping

line the bottom of a 9 '' cake pan with parchment paper . brush the inside edges with olive oil and set aside . in a small bowl , whisk together the yeast , warm water , and sugar . let the yeast activate for 10 to 15 minutes , until foamy . combine the flour , xanthan gum , salt , black pepper , and thyme in a bowl . add the yeast mixture , olive oil , honey , and egg . mix at medium speed for 1 minute . the dough should have the consistency of thick cake batter . add a little warm water if needed . transfer the dough to the prepared pan . grease your fingers and use them to spread the dough evenly . cover the pan with plastic wrap and let the dough rise for 45 to 50 minutes , until doubled in volume . the time will vary depending on room temperature . preheat the oven to 400°f . remove the plastic wrap from the pan , and lightly brush the top with olive oil . gently press the grapes ( or berries ) into the dough . sprinkle the top with a pinch of sea salt . bake the focaccia for 35 to 40 minutes , until golden brown . remove it from the oven and cool in the pan on a rack for 20 minutes before turning it out of the pan and returning it to the rack to cool completely . store any leftovers at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage .




valentine sugar hearts

simple and classic , these soft , sweet , buttery white rolls are delicious warm out of the oven ( or frozen and reheated ) , and a perfect accompaniment to tea or coffee .

dough

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
99 g unsalted butter , melted and cooled
198 g lukewarm milk
1 large egg
25 g sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baker 's ammonia , optional , for a touch of lightness
18 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver , optional
333 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

28 g butter , melted
baker 's special sugar or super-fine sugar

combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — and mix and knead until you 've made a soft , smooth dough , about 7 to 12 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and set it aside to rise , covered , for 30 minutes . it 'll become quite puffy . divide the dough into 20 ping-pong ball sized pieces ( 1 to 1 1/8 ounces , 28g to 32g each ) . gently roll each ball into a 12 '' to 14 '' rope , and curl the ropes into heart shapes . ( try shaping them first like a rounded capital `` m '' , then bringing the legs of the m together at the bottom . ) place the shaped rolls on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets , cover them , and let them rise for 30 minutes ; they 'll become somewhat puffy . bake the rolls in a preheated 450°f oven for about 9 minutes , until they 're golden brown . brush them with the melted butter , and sprinkle them with extra-fine sugar ( or cinnamon-sugar , if you prefer ) . serve warm . ( see `` tips '' , below , for freezing/reheating tips . ) store , wrapped , for 2 days at room temperature , or freeze for a month . ( see `` tips '' , below , for freezing/reheating tips . )

tips from our bakers

to freeze and reheat the rolls : remove the rolls from the oven ; do n't brush them with melted butter . allow them to cool completely , then wrap them in an airtight package and freeze for up to 2 weeks . when ready to serve , remove them from the freezer ; place them close together on a baking sheet ; tent them with aluminum foil , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 10 to 12 minutes , or until they 're soft . brush with butter and sprinkle with sugar as directed above.our thanks to mr. j. dyall in pakistan , for sharing this recipe .


apple oat bread

studded with nuts and dried apples , this hearty , whole-grain loaf is excellent toasted on its own or used as a base for a stellar grilled cheese sandwich .

397 g boiling water
82 g steel-cut oats
85 g boiled cider , divided
85 g chopped dried apples
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
198 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
113 g chopped toasted pecans or walnuts

in a large bowl , pour the boiling water over the steel-cut oats . stir in 2 tablespoons of the boiled cider and set aside . in a separate heatproof bowl , combine the remaining 2 tablespoons boiled cider with the dried apple pieces . cover and microwave for 1 to 2 minutes , to help the apples absorb the cider . set aside . add the salt , cinnamon , yeast , flours , and dry milk to the cooled oat mixture . mix and knead until you have a soft , slightly sticky dough . knead in the toasted nuts . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise for about 2 hours , until puffy looking . gently flatten the dough into a rough rectangle on a lightly greased or floured surface . spread with the apples , then roll up and shape into a log , a round , or an oval loaf , whichever you prefer . place the shaped bread onto slightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet ( or into a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan , if you 've shaped a log ) . cover with greased plastic and let rise for 1 hour , or until puffy looking . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . uncover the risen loaf and slash the top . bake for 45 to 50 minutes , until the bread is deep brown and its interior reads 195°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and cool completely before slicing . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




chimichurri rolls

you wo n't need to worry about transporting any sauce when the spicy argentinian chimichurri flavor is baked right into the rolls . try these savory rolls , loaded with garlic , onion , and parsley , with grilled hamburgers , sliced beef or smoked turkey . they pack a punch with the addition of cayenne ; tone it down if you like less heat .

227 g water
2 teaspoons white wine vinegar
35 g olive oil or garlic oil
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3/4 teaspoon oregano
2 teaspoons minced processed garlic or 2 teaspoons minced , sautéed garlic ( see `` tips '' , below . )
18 g canned `` french-fried '' onions , or chopped , sautéed onions
2 tablespoons dried parsley
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
11 g sugar
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
some cornmeal for baking

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine according to the manufacturer 's recommendations . program for dough or manual , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth dough . when the cycle is complete , remove the dough from the machine and divide it into 12 equal pieces . shape each piece into a ball , and place the balls 2 '' apart on a baking sheet lightly dusted with cornmeal . cover with a proof cover or greased plastic wrap , and let the rolls rise for 45 minutes , or until they 're quite puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls for 15 to 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and allow them to cool completely before serving . store , wrapped , at room temperature for up to 3 days , or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

it 's important not to use raw garlic here . it needs to be either the kind you buy in a jar , or you need to saute fresh garlic . raw garlic contains enzymes that inhibit yeast growth .


malted wheat bread

this hearty high-fiber , moist loaf features the delightfully nutty flavor of malted wheat .

2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g water
25 g vegetable oil
25 g brown sugar
198 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g malted milk powder
64 g malted wheat flakes
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

mix and knead together all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough is smooth and supple , 6 to 8 minutes . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 60 minutes . preheat your oven to 350°f . grease a 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan and set it aside . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place the log in the prepared pan , cover the pan loosely with greased plastic wrap , and allow the bread to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' above the edge of the pan . bake the bread for about 40 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after 20 minutes . its interior will register 195°f on an instant-read thermometer when it 's done . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store for 5 days well-wrapped at room temperature , or freeze for 3 months .




plain wraps

thicker than a traditional tortilla , these comforting rounds of plain , soft , white bread are ideal for cradling all manner of flavorsome fillings . for spinach or tomato wraps , add 3 tablespoons spinach powder or tomato powder , respectively , to the ingredients below .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
21 g vegetable shortening or 28 g lard
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon yeast , instant or active dry
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
227 g water

combine all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth and supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rest for 30 minutes . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and divide it into 10 pieces , each weighing approximately 2 ounces ( 56g ) . form each piece of dough into a ball . let the balls rest , covered , for 10 to 15 minutes ; this resting period will make them much easier to roll out . roll each ball of dough into an 8 '' to 9 '' diameter circle ( the thinner the better ) . before frying the first wrap , lightly grease your pan or griddle , or spray it with non-stick pan spray . ( if your griddle or pan is well-seasoned , you wo n't have to use any additional grease after this first little bit . ) fry each wrap for 1 to 2 minutes , until bubbles form , turn over , and continue to fry until the wrap feels firm . it 'll brown only in spots . stack the wraps one atop the other and cover them with a cloth to keep them warm , if you 're going to be serving them immediately . cool completely before storing . store at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .




apricot , raisin & pecan bread

looking for an interesting bread to go with your morning bowl of granola ? using a pre-ferment in the dough ( a portion of the flour and water with yeast mixed ahead of time ) allows the flavor — sweet , tangy and nutty — and texture — irregular holes and a chewy crust — in this fruit- and nut-laden bread to shine .

biga

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g rye ( any type ) or 28 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
227 g water
1/8 teaspoon saf gold instant yeast

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g water
2 teaspoons salt
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast
96 g dried apricots , chopped
113 g raisins , golden or regular
170 g pecans , chopped and lightly toasted

to make the biga : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine all of the biga ingredients , cover , and set aside for 12 to 24 hours . this pre-ferment is ready to use when it 's developed large holes , looks very puffy , and is domed in the center . if the center has fallen , the pre-ferment is overripe but can still be used . your bread will have slightly more of a tang to it . to make the dough : combine the biga , flour , water , salt and yeast — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth and supple dough . knead in the apricots , raisins and pecans . ( if you 're using a bread machine , add them about 5 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle . ) transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 2 to 2 1/2 hours , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . if you mixed in a bread machine , remove the bread from the bucket and place it in a bowl to rise . gently fold the dough in upon itself and turn it upside-down after 45 minutes , and again at the 1 1/2-hour mark . when the dough is billowy ( but not necessarily doubled in bulk ) , divide it into three pieces , each weighing approximately 1 pound ( 454g ) . pre-shape the pieces into loose rounds , let the rounds rest for 15 minutes , covered , then form them into oval loaves ( bâtards ) . cover the loaves with greased plastic wrap or a dough cover , and let them rise for 1 hour , or until they 're puffy . the loaves may be baked at this point , but will have better flavor if they 're refrigerated , covered , for 4 hours , or up to about 16 hours . remove the loaves from the refrigerator , and let them rest at room temperature , covered , for 25 to 30 minutes while you 're preheating the oven . if you 're using a baking stone , preheat the oven to 475°f for at least 30 minutes . if you 're going to bake the loaves on sheet pans , preheat the oven to 450°f . just before putting the loaves into the oven , spritz them with water or brush them with an egg white thinned with 2 tablespoons water . place the loaves in the oven . if you 're using a stone , immediately reduce the oven heat to 375°f . if you 're baking on sheet pans , wait 10 minutes , then reduce the heat to 375°f . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , until it 's dark brown . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack . store well-wrapped at room temperature for up to 5 days , or frozen for up to 3 months .




shredded wheat bread

shredded wheat cereal gives this rich , brown , molasses-scented bread just a hint of whole wheat flavor and texture . we think it originated in the '50s , because many baby boomers remember our moms making it , but our moms do n't recall having it when they were young . at any rate , it 's a staple of every new england community cookbook .

69 g shredded wheat biscuits
227 g milk
85 g water
28 g butter , melted or softened
85 g molasses
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
extra melted butter , optional , for brushing on the crust
*you 'll probably need to use only 1/4 cup water in the summer , when your flour is more moist .

to make the bread manually or with a mixer : in a large mixing bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , mix together the wheat biscuits and milk until the biscuits are soft . add the remaining ingredients and mix and knead until the dough is smooth but sticky . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rest for 1 hour , until puffy . to make the dough using a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . about 10 minutes before the end of the second kneading cycle , check the dough and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water ; the finished dough should be soft and supple . allow the machine to complete its cycle . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and shape it into a log . place the loaf in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pan , cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap ( or an acrylic dough cover ) , and allow the loaf to rise until it 's crested 1 inch over the rim of the pan , about an hour . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 10 minutes of baking if it appears to be browning too quickly . the internal temperature of the finished loaf should be about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . for a softer crust , brush it with melted butter or margarine . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

when working with a very sticky dough , try kneading on an oiled surface , rather than a floured one . you 'll add less additional flour , reducing the chance of a heavy , dense loaf .


healthy bread kids will like

there will probably always be a certain amount of posturing between parent and child around the issue of food ... it 's one of the first areas where a child begins to exercise his or her independence . so a parent has a double challenge , to create or make available something with some nutritional value , and make it taste so good that it overwhelms a child 's natural inclination to turn up his nose at it . a perfect vehicle for secret nutritional insertions is bread . if your family has become addicted to store-bought `` balloon bread , '' you can use the following recipe to `` sneak '' something nutritional into your child 's diet .

227 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
57 g wheat germ
43 g non-fat dry milk
14 g salt
7 g diastatic malt powder , optional ( see `` tips '' , below . )
11 g active dry yeast
227 g water
227 g yogurt
85 g to 170 g honey or molasses
28 g butter ( see `` tips '' , below . )
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
egg wash ( 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water )

mix the white whole wheat flour , wheat germ , dry milk , salt , malt powder , if using it , and yeast in a large bowl or the bowl of the mixer . combine the water , yogurt , honey or molasses and butter in a saucepan . heat until the liquids have blended and are quite warm , 120°f if you have a thermometer . do n't worry about getting the lumps out of the yogurt . stir the liquid ingredients into the dry and beat for 2 minutes at medium speed with your mixer . add a further cup of flour and beat at high speed for 2 minutes . continue to add flour until you have a dough stiff enough to knead by hand ( or continue kneading in your mixer until the dough is elastic and begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl ) . knead by hand on a lightly floured board for 4 to 5 minutes , until the dough is elastic and no longer sticks to you or the board . put the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turning it so the top is slightly greased , cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap , and let rise in a warm , draft-free place for 1 1/2 hours . punch the dough down and divide in half . lightly grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans , shape the dough to fit , cover and let rise for 45 minutes to an hour . fifteen minutes before you want to bake the bread , preheat your oven to 350°f . just before the loaves go in the oven , brush them with the egg wash and sprinkle with some additional wheat germ ( optional ) . bake for 30 to 35 minutes . cool , then store at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

some people — not just kids — do n't care for the stronger taste in whole wheat flour . white whole wheat , a naturally occurring strain , does n't contain phenolic acid in the bran . phenolic acid is what gives whole wheat its whole-wheaty flavor.diastatic malt powder , also available through our catalogue , is made from sprouted barley berries that are toasted at a low temperature and then ground . the result is a highly nutritious , sweet `` flour , '' with active enzymes which help change the starch in wheat flour into sugars ; this provides an energy-building snack for the yeast . the result is bread with greatly enhanced flavor and volume . butter is the only fat that contains any nutrition ( a good amount of vitamin a ) other than calories . and there is no fat in baking that matches its flavor . children need small amounts of fat ( even saturated fat ) in their diets in order to metabolize fat-soluble vitamins . it 's important to keep fats in perspective , and not become completely fat-phobic . the amount of butter in each slice of this bread is minimal , and adds only about 4 calories to each slice . but that same amount of butter contains 30 iu 's of vitamin a .


easy gluten-free pumpkin bread made with baking mix

moist and tender , with just a hint of spice , this gluten-free pumpkin bread is quick , easy , and sure to please . note : please read and follow the recipe carefully ; it calls for our gluten-free all-purpose baking mix , not our gluten-free multi-purpose flour .

99 g vegetable oil
198 g granulated sugar
3 large eggs
425 g pumpkin purée ( not pumpkin pie filling )
64 g molasses
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice ( or a blend of 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon , 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg and 1/4 teaspoon allspice )
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
241 g king arthur gluten-free all-purpose baking mix*
170 g chocolate chips , optional
57 g chopped walnuts or pecans , optional
sparkling white sugar for sprinkling on top , optional
*make sure you use our gluten-free baking mix — not our gluten-free flour .

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan ( if you 're making the plain version of the bread ) ; or a 9 '' x 5 '' inch loaf pan ( if you 're adding chocolate chips and/or nuts ) . in a large bowl , stir together the oil , sugar , eggs , pumpkin , molasses , pumpkin pie spice , and vanilla . add the baking mix , stirring to combine . mix in the chips and nuts , if you 're using them . spoon the batter into the prepared pan . sprinkle the top of the loaf with coarse sparkling sugar , if desired . allow the batter to rest for 10 minutes before baking . bake the bread for 45 minutes , then tent with a piece of aluminum foil and continue to bake for an additional 20 to 30 minutes , or until a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean . a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf should register about 208°f . remove the bread from the oven , let it rest in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn it out onto a rack to cool completely . well-wrapped , this loaf will stay moist for several days .




chocolate marbled walnut bread

this is a medium-sized loaf with a fine crumb and swirl of dark chocolate beautifully marbled throughout . make sure to use a light crust setting , if possible , so the chocolate chips on the outside surface of the loaf do n't burn .

340 g water
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
64 g walnut halves
170 g semisweet chocolate chips

place all of the ingredients except the chocolate chips and walnuts into the pan of your bread machine . program the machine for raisin bread , if possible . check the dough after 10 to 15 minutes of kneading ; it should have formed a smooth ball , soft but not sticky . if necessary , adjust the dough 's consistency with additional water or flour . add the chips and nuts at the signal ; or , if you have no raisin bread cycle , add them about 3 minutes before the end of the second kneading cycle . store for up to 5 days , well-wrapped at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




baked focaccia sandwich

focaccia dough can be pressed thinly , layered with cured meats and cheese , then topped with another layer of dough , to create a filled , finished sandwich in one neatly squared-away package .

biga

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional , but good
170 g water
53 g olive oil
21 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver , optional , but helpful
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

113 g thin-sliced salami , pepperoni , capicolla , coppa , prosciutto , or ham
227 g thin-slices provolone , mozzarella , or fontina
113 g grated parmesan or asiago cheese

topping

57 g grated parmesan or asiago cheese

to make the biga : combine all of the ingredients in a medium-sized bowl , cover the bowl , and let the mixture rest at room temperature for about 12 hours , or overnight . to make the dough : combine the biga with all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough is springy and smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for about 60 minutes . it should get puffy but not double . to assemble and bake the sandwiches : gently deflate the dough , divide it in half , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . cover it , and let it rest for 15 minutes . this gives the gluten a chance to relax , making it easier to roll out . working with half the dough at a time , roll it into an 18 '' x 13 '' rectangle . do n't worry , if it 's not exactly 18 '' x 13 '' , you can stretch it once it 's in the pan . transfer the dough to an olive-oiled half-sheet ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) pan . if you do n't have this size pan , use a baking sheet , or whatever size pan you have that 's comparable . cover the pan with greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and let the dough rest for 10 minutes . after its rest , stretch the dough with your fingers to the edges of the pan . this will take some doing , but keep gently working it until it covers ( or is close to covering ) the bottom of the pan . put a layer of provolone , mozzarella , or fontina atop the crust , then a layer of meat . top the meat with the cup of grated parmesan or asiago . roll the other half of the dough into a rectangle large enough to cover the filled crust . drape it over the filling , and seal it to the bottom crust all the way around . cut a small hole in the center , to allow any steam to escape . cover the focaccia , and let it rise for 30 minutes , while you preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the focaccia for 20 minutes . remove it from the oven , sprinkle it with the half cup of asiago or parmesan , and return it to the oven . bake for an additional 15 minutes , or until the focaccia is golden brown , and the cheese is melted . remove it from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . store the focaccia , well-wrapped , in the fridge for up to 5 days .

tips from our bakers

do n't use anything too moist ( e.g. , raw vegetables , ricotta cheese ) in the filling . the bread will become soggy . better to stick with cheese and cured meats , maybe some hot oil-packed peppers or sun-dried tomatoes . also , when constructing the filling , start and end with a layer of cheese . this helps keep the sandwich `` glued '' together .


gluten-free sandwich bread

and you thought you 'd never enjoy your favorite sandwiches again ! this recipe yields a tender , tasty , high-rising loaf , perfect for classic ham and cheese , a pb & j , or a blt club . toast and spread with butter and jam for breakfast , turn into french toast , or make a luscious grilled cheese sandwich .

468 g king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour or 13 1/2 ounces brown rice flour blend*
35 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 1/4 teaspoons xanthan gum
227 g warm milk
57 g soft butter
3 large eggs
*see recipe for this blend below .

place the flour or flour blend , sugar , yeast , salt , and xanthan gum in a bowl , or the bowl of your stand mixer . mix till combined . using an electric mixer ( hand mixer , or stand ) , drizzle in the milk , beating all the time ; the mixture will be crumbly at first , but once all the milk is added , it 'll come together . add the butter and beat until thoroughly blended . beat in the eggs one at a time , beating each in thoroughly before adding the next . scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl , then beat at high speed for 3 minutes , to make a very smooth , thick batter . cover the bowl , and let the thick batter rise for 1 hour . scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl , gently deflating the batter in the process . grease an 8 1/2 '' by 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , or a 9 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' pain de mie pan . scoop the dough into the pan . press it level , using a spatula or your wet fingers . cover with greased plastic wrap , and set in a warm place to rise until the loaf barely crowns above the rim of the 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pan ; or till it comes to within about an inch of the rim of the 9 '' pain de mie pan . this should take about 45 to 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 38 to 42 minutes , until golden brown . if you 're using a pain de mie pan , leave the lid on the entire time . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool on a rack .

tips from our bakers

like a baguette , this bread has a short shelf life . for best texture , reheat or toast after the first day.make your own blend :
many of our gluten-free recipes use our king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour , which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods . our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats , keeping them fresh longer . the following make-at-home blend , featuring stabilized brown rice flour , works pretty well when substituted ; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour .

whisk together 6 cups ( 32 ounces ) king arthur stabilized brown rice flour ; 2 cups ( 10 3/4 ounces ) potato starch ; and 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) tapioca flour or tapioca starch . store airtight at room temperature . note : you can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like ; it 'll make your baked goods grittier ( unless you manage to find a finely ground version ) .dairy-free : substitute margarine for the butter ; and soy milk , almond milk , or rice milk for the milk called for in the recipe . results may vary from the original.egg-free : using flax in place of the eggs works well .
to replace the 3 eggs called for , use ¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons ( 1 1/2 ounces ) flax meal ( the more finely ground the better ) , blended with ½ cup plus 1 tablespoon water . let the mixture sit for 10 minutes to thicken before beating into the butter in the bowl .
1 egg recipe : 2 tablespoons ( 1/2 ounce ) flax meal ( the more finely ground the better ) blended with 3 tablespoons water . let it sit for 10 minutes to thicken before using.bread machine : use an additional 1 large egg and 1 ounce ( 3 tablespoons ) gluten-free flour . for best results , use a bread machine that has a pre-programmed gluten-free setting . cinnamon apple : stir 1 cup chopped apples ( peeled or unpeeled ) into the batter after its first rise . scoop the dough into the prepared pan , and sprinkle it with a mixture of 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon . swirl the cinnamon-sugar into the dough with a butter knife ; add an additional sprinkling of cinnamon-sugar on top , if you 'd like . let rise and bake as directed . cheese bread : reduce the sugar in the recipe to 1 tablespoon ; and stirring 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) shredded sharp cheddar cheese into the dough just before scooping it into the loaf pan . if you have a 9 '' x4 '' x4 '' pain de mie pan , this is a great place to use it . it 'll bake a taller loaf than a standard loaf pan . bake with the lid on , or off ; baking with the lid off will give you a slightly more crowned loaf ; leaving the lid on will give you a slightly closer-grained loaf . if you use the lid , bake the bread for 50 minutes , with the lid on the whole time . remove it from the oven , remove the lid , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool .


gluten-free sourdough english muffins

take gluten-free yeast baking to new heights with this sourdough recipe for a favorite european breakfast tradition . complete with all the nooks and crannies , we think you 'll find this tangy , chewy english muffin closer to the real thing than any other gluten-free version you 've had on your table .

113 g king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour
113 g potato starch
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
227 g ripe ( fed ) gluten-free sourdough starter
113 g to 170 g water
28 g vegetable oil
1 large egg

whisk dry ingredients together well . add the dry ingredients to the starter and beat until well-blended . add the water , oil , and egg to the mixture and beat on high speed for 2 to 3 minutes . the batter should resemble a thick paste . cover the bowl and allow the batter to rise for 1 to 2 hours . it wo n't double in size , but will be noticeably puffy . preheat your electric or stove top griddle to a medium heat and lightly spray 6 english muffin rings with oil . you can sprinkle the surface of the griddle inside the rings with cornmeal if desired to help prevent sticking . when the griddle is hot , divide the batter among the rings ; cook until the bottoms are set , then carefully remove the rings . cook for 7 to 10 minutes on the first side , then flip over . cook for another 7 to 10 minutes , or until the muffins reach an internal temperature of 210°f . transfer to a rack to cool completely before cutting and/or freezing . yield : 6 to 8 muffins .

tips from our bakers

for storage , keep muffins in airtight container or freeze for prolonged shelf life .


four-strand braided challah

rich with eggs and butter ( or oil , to keep it kosher with a meat-based meal ) , challah is shaped in various braids and coils , and often gilded with a sprinkle of poppy seeds . though not quite as rich , it 's similar to french brioche ; and , like brioche , it makes wonderful toast and french toast .

quick starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
421 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
67 g sugar
50 g vegetable oil
2 large eggs + 1 yolk ( save 1 egg white for the glaze , below )

glaze

1 egg white , saved from above
1 teaspoon sugar
14 g water
poppy seeds , optional

to make the starter : mix the 1 cup flour , 1 cup water and yeast together in a large bowl or the bucket of a bread machine . let the mixture sit for about 45 minutes . see `` tips , '' below , for instructions using saf gold yeast . to make the dough : add the dough ingredients to the starter and mix and knead together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until a smooth , supple dough is formed . this dough is a pleasure to work with ; smooth and silky , it almost feels like you 're rubbing your hands with lotion . place the dough in a greased bowl , turning it over once to coat it lightly with oil . cover it and let it rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's not quite doubled in size . to shape the dough : turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and fold it over once or twice , to expel the carbon dioxide . divide the dough into four pieces , and roll each into a snake about 18 '' long . on the lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , braid a four-strand braid ( see instructions in our blog , ) or fashion a simpler three-strand braid . in a small bowl , make the glaze by mixing together the reserved egg white , sugar , and water . brush the loaf , reserving some for a second application . cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap and allow it to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until it 's almost doubled in size . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . to bake the loaf : brush the loaf with the remaining glaze ( this will give the finished loaf a beautiful , shiny crust , as well as provide `` glue '' for the seeds ) , sprinkle with poppy seeds , if desired , and bake for 35 to 40 minutes , or until the challah is golden brown , slightly firm to the touch , and the internal temperature is 195°f . remove the bread from the oven , and cool completely before slicing . store completely cool bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

this type of quick starter is called for in recipes that are high in sugar , in order to let the yeast get a head start . if you have saf gold yeast — formulated especially for sweet breads — this recipe may be prepared without the 45-minute rest , with all of the ingredients mixed together at once .


extra-tangy sourdough bread

this bread , with its mellow tang , is perfect for those who like their sourdough bread noticeably sour , but not mouth-puckeringly so .

241 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
340 g lukewarm water
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , divided
2 1/2 teaspoons salt

combine the starter , water , and 3 cups ( 12 3/4 ounces , 362g ) of the flour . beat vigorously for 1 minute . cover , and let rest at room temperature for 4 hours . refrigerate overnight , for about 12 hours . add the remaining 2 cups ( 8 1/2 ounces , 241g ) flour , and the salt . knead to form a smooth dough . allow the dough to rise in a covered bowl until it 's light and airy , with visible gas bubbles . depending on the vigor of your starter , this may take up to 5 hours ( or even longer ) , depending on how active your starter is . for best results , gently deflate the dough once an hour by turning it out onto a lightly floured work surface , stretching and folding the edges into the center , and turning it over before returning it to the bowl . adding these folds will give you a better sense of how the dough is progressing , as well as strengthen it . gently divide the dough in half . gently shape the dough into two rounds or oval loaves , and place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover with lightly greased plastic wrap and let rise until very puffy , about 2 to 4 hours ( or longer ; give them sufficient time to become noticeably puffy ) . do n't worry if the loaves spread more than they rise ; they 'll pick up once they hit the oven 's heat . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . spray the loaves with lukewarm water . slash the loaves . if you 've made round loaves , try one slash across the center , and a curved slash on each side of it ; or slash in the pattern of your choice . for oval loaves , two diagonal slashes are fine . make the slashes fairly deep ; a serrated bread knife , wielded firmly , works well here . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , until it 's a very deep golden brown . remove it from the oven , and cool on a rack . store bread , loosely wrapped in plastic , for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

looking for a more sour/tangier loaf ? try adding 1/2 teaspoon to 5/8 teaspoon sour salt ( citric acid ) to the dough along with the regular salt.for a tasty loaf using commercial yeast ( for faster rising ) , check out our recipe for rustic sourdough bread.what makes the sour in sourdough bread ? it 's a combination of lactic and acetic acids , created as the dough rises and ferments . refrigerating the dough encourages the production of more acetic than lactic acid ; and acetic acid is much the tangier of the two . thus , sourdough bread that 's refrigerated before baking will have a more assertive sour flavor .


whole grain pain au chocolat

these soft , chocolate-filled yeast rolls are a favorite after-school or morning treat in france . we 've increased their fiber and nutrition with whole wheat flour and grape seed flour , which give them a wonderful chocolate-y look , as well as rich flavor .

dough

227 g lukewarm water
35 g granulated sugar
57 g butter
2 teaspoons buttery sweet dough flavor or vanilla extract
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g king arthur 100 % organic whole wheat flour
21 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
28 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
11 g grape seed flour ( optional , for extra antioxidants )
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

24 pain au chocolat sticks ( about 7 ounces )

topping

28 g milk
1/4 cup glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar

combine all of the dough ingredients . allow the dough to rest for 20 minutes , covere knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until it 's soft and somewhat sticky . kneading by hand is tricky ; avoid adding too much more flour ( an oiled board and hands can help here ) . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 90 minutes . it 'll become puffy , but wo n't double in size . you 'll find it loses most of its stickiness after this first rise . gently deflate the dough , and divide it in half . on a lightly oiled surface , roll each half of the dough into an 8 '' x 9 '' rectangle . cut each rectangle into six 4 '' x 3 '' pieces , for a total of 12 pieces . keep the dough you 're not working on covered . to shape : turn one of the pieces of dough so the short ( 3 '' ) edge faces you . put a stick of chocolate on the dough , about 1 '' from and parallel to the far edge . fold the far edge toward you , over the stick , to the middle of the dough . press the edge lightly to seal . put a second stick on that sealed seam . fold the near short edge away from you , over the second stick , and press lightly . this second seam should end up about 1 '' from the new top edge of the roll . flip the shaped roll so that the seam side is down , and put it on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . note : the pain au chocolat sticks wo n't melt out the end of the rolls as they bake , so there 's no need to seal the outside edges of the dough . repeat with each piece of dough , leaving about 1 1/2 '' between the finished rolls on the baking sheet . cover the rolls and let them rise for 60 to 90 minutes , long enough to become puffy . about 15 minutes before the rolls are done rising , preheat your oven to 350°f . brush each roll with a little milk . bake the rolls for 14 to 18 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown and register 190°f to 200°f on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the bread . remove the rolls from the oven , and after 5 minutes transfer them to a rack . dust with glazing sugar . serve warm . the chocolate will harden as the rolls cool ; if you want to serve rolls later , reheat them briefly ( about 15 seconds in the microwave ) just before serving , to melt the chocolate . yield : 12 rolls .

tips from our bakers

the grape seed flour will turn these rolls a chocolate-y brown color . leave it out if you like .


cranberry-rosemary breakfast pudding

your kitchen will smell like french toast when you pull this sweet , custard-y casserole from the oven .

pudding

397 g sourdough bread , cut in 1 '' cubes
227 g fresh or frozen cranberries
2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary
grated rind of 1 lemon
454 g milk
113 g heavy cream
3 large eggs
99 g sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt

topping

67 g sugar
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg

in a large bowl , toss together and thoroughly combine the bread , cranberries , rosemary , and lemon zest . transfer the mixture to a greased 9 '' x 13 '' baking dish and set aside . in the same bowl you used to mix the bread , whisk together the milk , heavy cream , eggs , 1/2 cup sugar , vanilla , and salt . pour over the bread . cover and refrigerate a minimum of 1 hour , or up to overnight . when you 're ready to bake , preheat the oven to 350°f . to make the topping : whisk together the sugar and nutmeg . sprinkle generously over the top of the pudding . remove the bread pudding from the fridge and give it a stir . bake for 1 hour , uncovered , until set . serve warm . refrigerate any leftovers , well wrapped , for several days . [ add new instruction ]




cranberry-pumpkin rolls

these deep-gold rolls will look lovely in your holiday breadbasket .

567 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves ( optional )
50 g firmly packed brown sugar , light or dark
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
10 g instant yeast
201 g canned pumpkin or squash
2 large eggs
170 g water
57 g unsalted butter , softened
128 g dried cranberries or golden raisins
46 g diced crystallized ginger

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients except the fruit and crystallized ginger — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , fairly smooth dough . pumpkin varies in water content , so add extra water or flour if needed . right at the end , knead in the fruit and crystallized ginger . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours , until it 's almost double in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , gently deflate it , and divide it into 16 pieces , roughly 2 3/4 ounces each . roll each piece into a ball . place rolls in the lightly greased cups of a couple of standard muffin pans ( which will help them maintain their round shape ) ; or onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . set aside , covered lightly , to rise for 1 hour , or until the rolls look puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're lightly browned and the center of one reads 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the pans from the oven and turn the rolls out onto a rack to cool . serve warm or at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

looking to get ahead for the holiday mornings ? find all the tips you need here at freeze and bake rolls .


english muffin bread for the bread machine

for those of you who do n't feel like doing a lot of rolling and cutting , here 's an english muffin bread developed for the bread machine . it makes a mild-flavored , light-textured 1 1/2-pound loaf , perfect for toast .

1 teaspoon vinegar
55 g to 74 g water
227 g lukewarm milk
28 g butter or 24 g vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

place all of the ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine . use the smaller amount of water in the summer , or during humid conditions ; use the larger amount of water in winter , or if you 're in a dry climate . program your machine for basic white bread , light crust . midway through the second kneading cycle , check the dough ; it should be soft , smooth and slightly sticky . adjust the dough 's consistency with additional flour or water , if necessary . for a true english muffin effect , remove the dough after either the final kneading or before the final rise and roll it in cornmeal . place the dough back in the machine to rise and bake . remove the finished bread from the machine , and cool it on a rack .




savory filled buns

spinach and feta ... tomato , onion and pepperoni ... or what 's your favorite filling combination ? not only cinnamon and sugar deserve to be swirled into bread dough . these spirals , cinnamon bun-like in appearance , team nicely with a bowl of hot soup .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
53 g pumpernickel flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
14 g pizza dough flavor or vermont cheese powder , both optional
255 g water
1 large egg
25 g olive oil

spinach and feta filling

283 g frozen chopped spinach or 454 g fresh spinach
11 g olive oil
71 g diced onion
1 to 2 teaspoons minced garlic
113 g feta cheese
71 g chopped pitted black olives or 28 g black olive paste
85 g shredded mozzarella cheese

tomato , onion and pepperoni filling

283 g thick tomato sauce ( 170 g tomato paste stirred into 170 g tomato sauce )
7 g pizza seasoning or the mixed dried herbs of your choice
156 g diced onion
85 g diced pepperoni
85 g shredded mozzarella cheese

goat cheese and sun dried tomato filling

113 g goat cheese
227 g cream cheese
7 g instant clearjel or cornstarch , optional , to keep the filling from oozing
85 g finely diced sun-dried tomatoes , dry or oil-packed
2 teaspoons herbes de provence or a mixture of 1 teaspoon basil , 1/4 teaspoon thyme , 1/4 teaspoon rosemary , 1/4 teaspoon marjoram , and 1/4 teaspoon sage
1 teaspoon ground black pepper , optional
28 g butter
43 g fresh bread crumbs

to make the dough : whisk together , in a large bowl or the bowl of a mixer , all of the dry dough ingredients . it 's important to whisk the potato flour or flakes so they wo n't clump when the liquid is added . add the water , egg and olive oil , then mix until a shaggy dough forms . let the dough rest for 30 minutes , if you have the time ; this resting period allows the flour to absorb the liquid fully , making it easier to knead . knead the dough until firm and smooth . put it into a greased bowl , turning to coat , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it 's almost doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . while the dough is rising , make the filling of your choice . to make the spinach and feta filling : thaw and squeeze dry the frozen spinach , or clean and chop 1 pound of fresh spinach . heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan . add the onion and garlic and sauté for about 1 minute . add the spinach and stir well . if you 're using fresh spinach , cook for a very brief time , just until the spinach wilts . if you 're using frozen spinach , heat through , about 3 to 4 minutes . reserve the feta cheese and olives to layer onto the dough when filling , and the mozzarella to sprinkle atop the shaped rolls . to make the tomato , onion and pepperoni filling : stir together the sauce , diced onion , and seasoning , reserving the pepperoni to spread over the dough after it 's rolled out , and the shredded cheese to sprinkle over the rolls after they 're formed . to make the goat cheese and sun-dried tomato filling : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , beat the goat cheese and cream cheese until they 're soft and spreadable . mix in the remaining ingredients , except the butter and bread crumbs , stirring until smooth . melt the butter and toss it with the breadcrumbs ; reserve this mixture to sprinkle over the shaped rolls . to assemble the buns : grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper . turn the risen dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . fold it over once or twice to gently deflate it . roll the dough into a rectangle , about 16 '' x 18 '' . spread the filling of your choice over the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' margin along one long edge . ( if you 're using the spinach filling first sprinkle the dough with the cheese and olives , then top with the spinach . ) starting with the opposite long edge , roll the dough into a log , sealing the edge and ends . use a bench knife or serrated knife to cut the log into 1 '' to 1 1/4 '' slices . lay the buns on the baking sheet , leaving about 1 '' between them . sprinkle them with either cheese or breadcrumbs , depending on what filling you 're using . cover the buns lightly with greased plastic wrap . let the buns rise for 1 to 2 hours , or until they 're puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 30 to 35 minutes , until their tops and bottoms are lightly browned . check the buns after 20 minutes and tent with aluminum foil if they 're browning too quickly on the edges . store , covered , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

each of the filling recipes is enough for the dough ; if you want to make multiple fillings , either multiply the dough or divide the filling amounts accordingly .


honey challah with flax

flax improves the nutritional profile of this rich , tender bread . to our surprise , flax also made the bread more tender and delicious he extra fiber and omega-3 fatty acids turned out to be a side benefit .

142 g lukewarm water
50 g vegetable oil
43 g honey
2 large eggs
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g whole flax meal
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , until you have a soft , smooth , slightly sticky dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 2 hours , or until it 's puffy and nearly doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide the dough into three equal pieces for a three-strand braid . roll each piece into a rope , and braid together . gently pick up the loaf , and place it on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and let rise till very puffy , 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . for a classic , dark brown , shiny crust , whisk together an egg and 1 tablespoon water and brush this glaze over the risen loaf . sprinkle with sesame or poppy seeds if desired . bake the challah for 22 to 27 minutes until crust is shiny and brown , the loaf sounds hollow when the bottom is tapped , and the inside reads between 190°f and 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and place on a rack to cool . yield : 1 large loaf .




fresh-milled miche

this crusty loaf , made with freshly milled grains , is adapted from king arthur flour baker martin philip 's book , breaking bread , due out in october 2017 . note : for best results , martin advises using the gram weights of the ingredients listed below ; simply click on `` grams '' at the top of the ingredient list .

levain

113 g barely warm water ( 75°f to 80° )
35 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
194 g whole wheat flour , freshly milled*
4 g salt
*while we strongly suggest you fresh-mill the whole wheat from wheat berries , you can substitute king arthur white whole wheat flour .

dough

392 g room-temperature water
259 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
129 g whole wheat flour , freshly milled*
64 g whole rye flour , freshly milled*
9 g salt
1 g instant yeast
*see `` tips , '' below

to make the levain : in a medium bowl , combine the water and sourdough culture . mix with your hands and fingers until the culture is broken up and well distributed in the water . add the flour and salt . mix briefly , then knead until smooth . cover and set at room temperature ( about 68°f ) for 12 to 16 hours . to make the dough : in a large mixing bowl , combine the dough water and stiff levain . mix with your hands until the levain is broken up in the water , then add the flours , salt , and yeast . stir with the handle end of a wooden spoon until the dough forms a shaggy mass . if you find it easier , after stirring some , scrape the dough out of the bowl with a plastic scraper onto your work surface and knead briefly with your hands just until the dough comes together . resist the urge to add flour . scrape the dough off the work surface and return to the bowl for bulk fermentation . scrape down the sides of the mixing bowl and allow the dough to rise , covered , for 3 hours at room temperature . while it rises , fold after 15 , 30 , 45 , 60 , and 120 minutes . to fold dough , bring the outside edge closest to you into the center . rotate the bowl 90° ; bring the outside edge closest to you into the center . repeat twice more : this counts as one fold . after the final fold , leave untouched for the last hour . as you perform each series of folds , you 'll begin to notice that the dough becomes smoother , stronger , and more cohesive . pre-shape the dough into a round loaf . cover and let rest for 15 minutes . uncover the dough and shape it into a smooth , round boule . place the boule seam-side up in a floured banneton or floured , towel-lined bowl , approximately 10 '' wide and 4 '' deep . a 9 '' lined brotform should work just fine . cover and let rest for 50 to 60 minutes at room temperature . toward the end of this final rest , preheat the oven to 450°f with a lidded cast iron pot and lid in the oven . our bread and potato pot is a good choice here . transfer the loaf to a parchment sling , gently inverting it so that the side that was against the dusted towel — the smooth side — becomes the top . score the bread several times with a lame and gently transfer to the pot , sling and all . the sling will remain underneath the loaf as it bakes . put the lid on the pot and bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , removing the lid after 30 minutes.the loaf should be a deep golden brown by the end of its bake . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . do n't slice until it 's fully cooled . store bread in a paper bag at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

for the best flavor , fresh mill the whole wheat and rye flours ; you can mill rye flour from rye chops , coarsely chopped rye berries . or you can also simply use king arthur whole wheat flour and whole rye flour ( pumpernickel ) .


ciabatta rolls

italy 's light-textured ciabatta bread , with its overnight starter and long rises , develops wonderful flavor . translated to rolls , ciabatta becomes the perfect vehicle for an overstuffed sandwich . sturdy enough to hold any filling , these flat rolls — they fit beautifully in the toaster — are mostly crust , meaning you do n't have a lot of bread competing with the cheese , meat , and veggies .

starter

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter ( from above )
2 teaspoons instant yeast
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
14 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
152 g lukewarm water
35 g olive oil

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small bowl until well combined . cover the starter and let it rest at room temperature overnight , or for up to 15 hours . it will become bubbly . place all of the dough ingredients , including the starter , into the bowl of your mixer , and beat at medium speed , using the flat beater , for 7 minutes . the dough will be very smooth , soft , shiny , and elastic . alternatively , knead the dough ingredients in your bread machine using the dough cycle . transfer the dough to a greased bowl or other rising container , cover it , and let it rise for 2 hours , deflating it midway through . if you 're using a bread machine , allow it to rise for an additional hour after the dough cycle has ended . lightly grease your work surface , and two half-sheet baking pans ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) or similar large baking sheets . grease your hands , as well . turn the dough out of the bowl onto a lightly greased work surface . divide the dough into 12 pieces , about 80g ( 2 1/4 ounces ) each . round each into a ball . gently stretch the balls into flattened disks , about 3 1/2 '' wide . transfer the rolls to the baking sheets , leaving about 3 '' between them . lightly cover the rolls with heavily oiled plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow them to rise for 2 to 3 hours , or until they 're showing some signs of puffiness . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . spritz the risen rolls with lukewarm water , and gently but firmly dimple each one with your fingers , making fairly deep pockets . immediately place the rolls into the oven . bake them until they 're golden brown , about 18 to 20 minutes . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . slice crosswise , and add your favorite fillings . store any leftovers , tightly wrapped , at room temperature . rolls may be reheated just before serving , if desired ; tent lightly with foil , and heat for about 8 minutes in a 350°f oven . yield : 12 rolls .

tips from our bakers

this recipe makes larger , sandwich-type rolls . for smaller dinner rolls , divide the dough into 16 to 20 pieces .


four leaf clover rolls

these lucky rolls are the perfect addition to a corned beef and cabbage dinner — or any dinner , for that matter .

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
110 g king arthur irish-style wholemeal flour
1 teaspoon salt
43 g honey
28 g soft unsalted butter
227 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g toasted walnuts , optional
71 g currants , optional
28 g melted butter , optional ; for a glossy finish

mix and knead all the ingredients — by hand , stand mixer , or bread machine set to the dough cycle — until the dough is smooth and elastic . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let it rest for 60 to 90 minutes , until puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk . grease eight 5-ounce or 6-ounce ramekins . gently deflate the dough , divide it into 32 pieces , and shape each piece into a ball . it helps to first divide the dough into eight medium balls , and then further divide these into four balls each . place four balls into each of the ramekins . cover the pans and let the rolls rise for 45 to 75 minutes , until they 've crested over the rims of the ramekins . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into their centers reads 200°f . brush the rolls with the melted butter , and let them cool for 5 minutes in the ramekins . turn them out onto a rack to finish cooling . serve warm , or at room temperature . yield : 8 large rolls .

tips from our bakers

don ’ t have our irish-style wholemeal flour ? you can substitute 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) of our
white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour .


clay 's multigrain sourdough sandwich bread

this unusual sandwich bread has the chewy texture of an artisan loaf , rather than the soft/tender texture of a typical loaf-pan bread . happily , this makes it perfect for sandwiches : easy to slice ( no crumbling ) , and sturdy enough to pack for lunch . and its tangy , rich taste is perfect with grilled veggies , ham and cheese , chicken salad , and all manner of favorite fillings . our thanks to reader clay blackwell of lynchburg , virginia , who shared this recipe with us . new to sourdough ? find the help you need for all of your sourdough baking at our sourdough essentials page .

156 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
152 g lukewarm water
14 g olive oil or vegetable oil
14 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
163 to 177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g potato flour or instant potato flakes
57 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or 100 % white whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons king arthur whole-grain bread improver ( optional , but helpful for rise )
50 g harvest grains blend or your favorite blend of seeds and flaked whole grains
2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients — in a bowl , the bowl of an electric mixer , or the pan of your bread machine — and mix and knead to form a smooth dough . the dough may start out shaggy , then become stickier as you knead ; if you use a stand mixer , by the end of a 7-minute knead it 'll be sticking heavily to the sides of the bowl . that 's ok ; if you can scrape it off the sides of the bowl and it feels firm enough to hold its shape , and does n't stick to your floured or oiled hands , it 's fine . cover the dough , and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours ; it 'll become puffy , though it may not double in bulk . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . gently deflate the risen dough , and shape it into a log . place it in the pan , cover it lightly , and allow it to rise until it crests at least 1 '' over the rim of the pan , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . the bread does n't have much oven-spring ( i.e. , it wo n't rise much once it 's in the oven ) , so be sure to let it rise fully before baking . a loaf risen 1 '' over the rim of the pan will be denser and more close-grained ; letting it rise higher will give you a `` spongier , '' lighter bread . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , tenting it with foil after 20 minutes if it 's as brown as you like it . when it 's done , the bread will be golden brown , and will register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack , to cool completely .

tips from our bakers

does n't sourdough starter need to be fed before using ? well , not necessarily . so long as you 're using a recipe with added yeast , you can use sourdough straight from the fridge ; just assume your rising times will be slightly longer . one caveat : if your sourdough has n't been fed in a long time — e.g. , it has a layer of dark liquid on top — best to feed it before using.since sourdough starters vary quite a bit in consistency , from thin as popover batter to thick as soft dough , it 's difficult to give an exact amount of flour . if your starter is very thin , you may need an additional 2 to 4 tablespoons of flour , beyond the 1 1/2 cups , to make a dough that 's sticky , yet still stiff enough to hold its shape.if you find you have n't left yourself enough time to complete this bread on schedule , shape and place in a loaf pan ; cover the pan , and refrigerate overnight , or for up to 18 hours . the bread will rise slowly in the fridge . next day , let the loaf rest at room temperature for a couple of hours , or till it 's as risen as you like ; then bake as directed .


quinoa date and nut bread

it 's hard not to love this bread . it 's made using two forms of quinoa — the flour and the cooked grain — which both contribute to its moist , tender texture and subtle nutty flavor . meanwhile , pockets of sweet dates and buttery pecans make it into each bite so that even a plain slice of this loaf is compelling and appetizing . we also enjoy serving toasted slices tartine-style , with creamy cheese and salty cured ham .

sponge

113 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
283 g lukewarm water
43 g honey
110 g quinoa flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

dough

2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
340 g cooked quinoa , lightly packed
170 g chopped pecans , toasted for best flavor
149 g chopped dates

to make the sponge : combine all the ingredients and mix until smooth . cover the sponge , and let it sit for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's very bubbly . to make the dough : mix the salt into the sponge , then gradually incorporate the bread flour , either by hand or stand mixer , until a shaggy dough forms . knead the dough until it 's smooth and somewhat stiff . knead in the cooked quinoa , pecans , and dates until they 're thoroughly incorporated into the dough ; at this point the dough will have slackened , but should n't be too sticky to handle . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and set aside to rise until it 's just about doubled in size , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough on a lightly floured work surface , divide it in half , and shape each half into a round ( boule ) . place the boules on a cornmeal-sprinkled or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover , and let rise until not quite doubled in size , 45 minutes to 1 hour . during the final 20 minutes of rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . bake the loaves for 15 minutes at 425°f , then reduce the oven heat to 375°f and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , or until a digital thermometer inserted in the center of the loaves registers 200°f . remove the loaves from the oven and transfer them to a rack to cool completely . store , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




multi-grain molasses bread

much like boston brown bread , this loaf is sweetened with molasses , studded with currants , and features the multi-grain combination of whole wheat , cornmeal , and teff flour . unlike traditional brown bread it 's baked rather than steamed , for crusty edges that will hold up to toasted or butter-fried slices .

99 g teff flour
85 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
106 g yellow cornmeal
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
106 g currants
340 g buttermilk
170 g molasses

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-size mixing bowl , whisk together the teff and white whole wheat flours , cornmeal , baking soda , salt , and currants . in a separate bowl or measuring cup , mix together the buttermilk and molasses until smooth . add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir just until evenly moistened . pour the batter into the prepared pan , and cover it with lightly-greased aluminum foil , fastening the foil tight to the edges of the pan ( so the bread will steam a bit ) , but leaving about 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' of room over the pan so the bread can expand without hitting the foil . bake the bread for 1 hour , then remove the foil ( the middle may be slightly sunken ; that 's ok ) , and bake for an additional 10 minutes . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . slice the cooled bread and serve , or wrap the loaf in plastic and store at room temperature for 2 to 3 days . freeze for longer storage .




yeasted banana sandwich bread

a twist on classic white sandwich bread , this loaf features fresh bananas for a slightly sweeter slice . excellent with peanut butter , honey or jam , the bread is also delicious with turkey , ham , and curries . french toast made with this loaf is sublime topped with warm maple syrup and diced pecans . we 've known folks to eat it for breakfast , lunch , and dinner ; all in the same day !

198 g to 227 g lukewarm milk*
390 g to 400 g king arthur unbleached bread flour*
28 g butter , room temperature
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
43gs honey
142 g banana , cut into chunks
*use the greater amount of milk in the winter or when the weather is dry ; the lesser amount of milk in summer or when it 's humid .
*see `` tips , '' below .

in a large mixing bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , combine all of the ingredients , mixing to form a shaggy dough . knead the dough , by hand ( 10 minutes ) or by mixer ( 5 minutes ) until it 's smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rest for 1 hour . to make dough in your bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . about 10 minutes before the end of the first kneading cycle , check the dough and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water ; the finished dough should be soft and supple . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into a log . place the dough in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , until it is full and rounded . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it with aluminum foil for the final 10 minutes of baking . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

no instant yeast ? you can use an equal amount of active dry yeast instead . for best results proof it in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm milk for 10 minutes before beginning the rest of the recipe . can you bake the bread start to finish in the bread machine ? absolutely ! choose the basic setting with medium crust . we 've found that bread flour gives great structure to this bread . if you use all-purpose flour , consider adding a tablespoon of vital wheat gluten to the dough for improved strength . the amount of flour you need will depend on the size of the banana you use , as well as the weather ( you 'll need more flour during summer , or if you 're in a warm/humid environment ) . start with the lesser amount of flour , then add additional flour , if necessary , to make a soft but not ultra-sticky dough .


sourdough english muffins

who does n't love english muffins ? homemade sourdough muffins seem even more scrumptious , and some of the taste-testers here had to admit that these crusty , chewy , tangy gems were some of the best they 'd ever eaten .

25 g sugar
454 g warm water ( 110°f-115°f )
1 tablespoon active dry yeast or instant yeast
227 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard ; ripe will give you a more vigorous rise
843 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
57 g butter , at room temperature
1 tablespoon salt
1/4 teaspoon sour salt ( citric acid ) , optional ; for enhanced sour flavor
semolina or cornmeal , for coating

combine all of the dough ingredients , except the cornmeal/semolina , in a large bowl . mix and knead — by hand , electric mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth dough . the dough should be soft and elastic , but not particularly sticky ; add additional flour if necessary . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and set it aside to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's noticeably puffy . for most pronounced sour flavor , cover the bowl , and immediately place it in the refrigerator ( without rising first ) . let the dough chill for 24 hours ; this will develop its flavor . gently deflate the dough , turn it out onto a lightly floured work surface , cover it , and let it sit for a few minutes , to relax the gluten . divide the dough in half . working with one piece at a time , roll 1/2 '' thick , and cut in 3 '' rounds . re-roll and cut any remaining scraps . repeat with the remaining half of dough . alternatively , divide the dough into 24 pieces ( total ) . shape each piece into a round ball , then flatten each ball into a 3 '' round . for a somewhat more even rise as the muffins cook , flatten each ball slightly larger than 3 '' , and trim edges with a 3 '' cutter ( or trim all around the edge with a pair of scissors ) . muffins with cut ( rather than flattened ) sides will rise more evenly . place the rounds , evenly spaced , onto cornmeal- or semolina-sprinkled baking sheets ( 12 per sheet ) . sprinkle them with additional cornmeal or semolina , cover with plastic wrap , and let them rise until light and puffy , about 45 to 60 minutes . if the dough has been refrigerated overnight , the rise time will be about 2 hours . carefully transfer the rounds ( as many as a time that will fit without crowding ) right-side up to a large electric griddle preheated to 350°f , or to an ungreased frying pan that has been preheated over medium-low heat . cook the muffins for about 10 to 12 minutes on each side , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center of a muffin registers 190°f . the edges may feel a bit soft ; that 's ok . remove the muffins from the griddle , and cool on a rack . store tightly wrapped at room temperature for 4 or 5 days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 2 dozen large muffins .

tips from our bakers

this recipe is easily halved , if you do n't want to make 2 dozen muffins . halve all of the ingredients ; for a slightly faster rise , reduce the yeast to 2 teaspoons , rather than 1 1/2 teaspoons . for best sourdough flavor , refrigerate the dough for 24 hours before shaping and cooking the muffins.for best shape , cook muffins for about 5 minutes on their first side ; then lay a cake pan , cookie sheet , or similar flat ( though not overly heavy ) object atop them . continue cooking for 7 minutes or so ; then remove the pan , turn muffins over , and finish cooking without the pan on top . this helps keep muffins flat across the top ( rather than domed ) .to shorten cooking time , use a lidded electric fry pan heated to 325°f . cook the muffins for about 10 minutes without the lid ( or until they 're nicely browned ) , turn them over , and add the lid . do n't set the lid on tight ; leave a small opening for any steam to escape . cook the muffins for an additional 8 to 10 minutes , until their bottom sides are browned . if you 're having trouble getting muffins to cook all the way through on the stove top , cook until golden brown on both sides , then transfer to a preheated 350°f oven and bake until the muffins ' interior shows no sign of wet dough , about 10 minutes or so .


baker 's grain sourdough bread

the unique flavor of our ancient grains flour blend lends a subtle nutty/earthy flavor to this bread . the flavor , and the bread 's soft , moist interior and tender crumb , make it a great toasting and sandwich bread .

227 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
227 g lukewarm water
25 g vegetable oil
43 g honey
2 teaspoons salt
269 g sir lancelot hi-gluten flour
71 g ancient grains flour blend
85 g potato flour or instant potato flakes
74 g harvest grains blend
2 teaspoons instant yeast

mix and knead all the ingredients — in a mixer bowl or the pan of a bread machine — to make a smooth dough . the dough will be a little bit sticky ; but as long as it 's firm enough to hold its shape , no more flour is necessary . cover the dough and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until noticeably puffy , though not doubled in bulk . lightly grease the base pan of a long covered baker . if you do n't have a covered stoneware baker , see tips , at left . gently deflate the risen dough , and shape it into a log . place it in the baker , put the lid on , and allow it to rise until it crests 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes with the lid on , then remove the lid and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer , until the bread is golden brown and the interior registers 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a long covered stoneware baker , form the dough into a log and place it on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . bake the bread on the baking sheet for a total of 35 to 45 minutes , until the interior registers 190°f on a digital thermometer .


pretzel sandwich buns

soft pretzels are always a favorite . we 've discovered that their distinctive texture and flavor also complements many varieties of sandwich fillings . in particular , we like these buns with a generous scoop of maple-mustard chicken salad .

dough

397 g warm water
28 g unsalted butter
3/4 teaspoon salt
539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

pretzel salt or coarse sea salt ; e.g. , sel gris

water bath

1814 g water
14 g salt
57 g baking soda

mix and knead the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , slightly sticky dough . allow the dough to rise in a lightly greased bowl , covered , for about 1 hour , until doubled . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide the dough into 10 pieces and shape each piece into a smooth ball . place the balls on a lightly greased baking sheet , cover , and let rest for 15 minutes . preheat the oven to 400°f . prepare the water bath : bring the water , salt , and baking soda to a boil in a large pot . drop 5 dough balls at a time into the water bath . cook for 30 seconds , flip over , and cook for 30 seconds longer . using a slotted spoon , return the buns to the baking sheet . using scissors or a sharp knife , cut 1/2 '' -deep crosses into the center of each bun . sprinkle with coarse sea salt . bake the buns for 20 to 24 minutes , or until they 're a deep-dark brown . remove them from the oven , and transfer to a rack to cool . yield : 10 buns

tips from our bakers

our easy pretzel mix makes wonderful sandwich rolls . use the directions on the mix box to bring the dough through its first 30-minute rise . divide the dough into six pieces and form them into balls , flattening them slightly so that they 're more disk-shaped . let the buns rest for 15 minutes , and prepare the water bath as instructed on the box . place the buns in the water bath , and cook for 20 to 30 seconds on each side . snip and salt the buns as directed in the recipe above . transfer the buns to the well-greased cups of a hamburger bun pan ( or a parchment-lined baking sheet ) , and bake in a preheated 400°f oven for 18 to 22 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven and cool on a rack . yield : 6 pretzel buns .


cherry almond honeyed fantans

these delicious sweet rolls include the nutritional goodness and added protein of soy and whole wheat flours , and the super taste combination of cherries and almonds .

1 tablespoon active dry yeast
113 g warm water
454 g warm milk
1 teaspoon almond extract
28 g butter , softened
1 teaspoon salt
35 g granulated sugar
25 g soy flour
113 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
142 g sweetened tart cherries
142 g chopped almonds
106 g brown sugar
170 g honey

in a large bowl , stir yeast into water to soften . add milk , almond extract , butter , salt , granulated sugar , soy flour , whole wheat flour , and 1 cup unbleached flour . gradually add remaining flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put the dough into an oiled bowl , turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover with a towel , and let rise until puffy , about 1 hour . combine cherries , almonds and brown sugar . set aside . grease or spray two 12-well muffin pans . turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface . roll into an 18 '' x 12 '' rectangle . sprinkle the cherry mixture on two-thirds of the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' border around the edges . fold the uncovered third of dough over the center third . press the half 1/2 '' border along the top and bottom to seal . fold the double thickness of dough over the final third of dough . you will have a 6 '' x 12 '' packet . there will be three layers of dough and two layers of cherry filling . press the edges to seal . carefully roll the dough into a rectangle 18 '' x 12 '' . be careful not to break the dough open . fold the dough into thirds . cover with a towel and let rest on the work surface for 10 minutes . with a sharp knife , cut the dough into three 12 '' long strips . cut each strip into eight equal pieces . place each piece , cut side up , into a well-greased muffin tin . cover with a towel , and let rise until almost doubled , about 45 minutes . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . just before putting into the oven , drizzle 2 teaspoons of honey over the top of each fantan . bake for 10 to 13 minutes , or until done . be careful not to bake them too long , or the honey gets chewy . let cool 5 minutes , then remove from pan and cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .




blueberry duff ( spotted dog )

the following recipe is typical of a pudding that was made `` down east '' in the late summer days of early new england . this version is made with whole wheat flour which old timers were apt to use ; it is full of small , wild maine blueberries ; and it 's sweetened with old-fashioned sweeteners , brown sugar and molasses . because our energy needs have diminished somewhat in this century , this version is made without suet or fat of any kind so it will fill you up without filling you out .

227 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ginger ( or cinnamon , nutmeg , allspice , a blend , etc . )
2 large eggs
106 g brown sugar*
170 g dark , unsulphured molasses*
227 g buttermilk
340 g wild maine blueberries ( or other berries )
* for a lighter taste , use 213 g brown sugar and no molasses .

lightly grease a 2-quart pudding mold . mix the flour , baking powder , soda , salt and spice ( s ) together . in another bowl , beat the eggs and add and beat in the brown sugar , molasses and buttermilk . stir the blueberries into the dry ingredients and mix these quickly into the egg/molasses/buttermilk mixture . pour the batter into a greased 2-quart pudding mold ( it should fill it about two-thirds full ) . secure the lid and place it in a kettle or saucepan that is tall enough so you can put a lid on it . it 's important to put something on the bottom of the pan so the steamer is n't directly in contact with it . crinkled tin foil or a vegetable steamer will do . fill the pot with boiling water about two-thirds of the way up the pudding mold . cover , bring the water back to a boil and lower the heat to a simmer . steam for about 2 hours , adding water if necessary . after the pudding is done , remove it from the water and let it stand for a few minutes . if it seems to be sticking anywhere , loosen it gently with a knife . then take a serving plate , upend it over the mold , and turn the pudding out , giving the mold a tap if it 's reluctant to let go . store , covered , in the fridge for up to 3 days .

tips from our bakers

this pudding makes a delicious ( and healthy ) dessert or snack as is , but you can dress it up by spooning a bit of yogurt sweetened with a little maple syrup over it when you serve it.by the way , going `` down east '' was a term coined by sailors who were sailing before the prevailing east wind ( down wind ) along the coast of maine , which runs east/west , not north/south as a quick glance at a map might make you think .


italian easter cheese bread

crescia al formaggio , italian easter cheese bread , is still mostly unknown in this country , and that 's a pity . this light-textured , golden egg bread , loaded with parmesan cheese , perfumes the kitchen with its wonderful savory aroma as it bakes . a nice change from the usual easter sweet breads , it goes wonderfully well with the easter ham — both at dinner , and later , when you 're making ham sandwiches . be aware that this is n't a soft , moist loaf . it 's very light , crusty , and quite dry inside . we suggest serving it in thin slices ; toasted and buttered ; or made into grilled sandwiches ( grilled ham and cheese , anyone ? )

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
3 large eggs , at room temperature
1 large egg yolk , white reserved
57 g lukewarm water
57 g softened butter
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground pepper ( black if you do n't mind the specks , white if you do )
170 g freshly grated parmesan , romano , or asiago cheese , or a combination

glaze

reserved egg white ( from above )
2 teaspoons cold water

combine all of the dough ingredients except the cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer , and beat on medium speed for 10 minutes , until the dough becomes shiny and satiny . it 'll be very sticky ; stop the mixer to scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl a couple of times during the mixing process . add the cheese , and beat until well combined . scrape the dough into a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and set it aside to rest/rise for 1 hour ; it wo n't do much . gently deflate the dough , turn it over , return it to the bowl , and allow it to rest/rise for an additional hour ; again , it may not seem to rise much — that 's ok. oil or flour your hands . to make a traditional round loaf , form the dough into a ball , and place it in a greased pandoro ( star ) or panettone pan ; a large souffle dish ; or another round , deep pan . the pan should be about 6 '' to 7 '' wide , and 3 '' to 4 '' deep . to make a pretty loaf , divide the dough into three pieces ; roll each piece into a 12 '' log ; and braid the logs . nestle the braid into a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the loaf lightly , and allow it to rise for 2 hours ( or longer , depending on the warmth of your kitchen ) ; the dough should have become noticeably puffy , though it wo n't have doubled in size . to bake the bread : put your oven rack in a lower position , just below the middle , and preheat the oven to 425°f . whisk the reserved egg white with the water and brush the top of the loaf . place the bread in the oven and bake it for 15 minutes . reduce the oven temperature to 350°f , tent the bread lightly with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's a deep , golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . the braided loaf will require less time than the round loaf . remove the bread from the oven , and let it cool in the pan for 5 minutes . use a knife to loosen the edges , if necessary , and turn the loaf out onto a rack to cool completely before slicing . store airtight , at room temperature , for several days . freeze , tightly wrapped , for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

want to make the dough in a bread machine ? place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water ; it should be shiny and elastic . allow the machine to complete its cycle , then shape and bake as directed at right .


mardi gras jam buns

pazcki , a large , soft , deep-fried jelly doughnut , is a classic polish-american treat served on mardi gras ( `` fat tuesday '' ) . this recipe takes the paczki concept and flavors ( a rich pastry , made with sugar , butter , milk , eggs , and rum or brandy , and filled with jelly or jam ) and turns it into something different : jam buns . part biscuit , kind of a cookie , almost a cake , the buns themselves are just barely sweet , and a bit austere . but the jam or preserves peeking out from inside — plus an all-over sugar glaze — make them a treat suitable for any mardi gras celebration .

dough

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
35 g granulated sugar
1 tablespoon instant yeast
113 g butter , melted
152 g lukewarm milk
1 large egg
3 large egg yolks
14 g rum or brandy , optional*
1/2 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor or fiori di sicilia , optional ; or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
*if you do n't use rum or brandy in the dough , substitute apple juice or water .

filling

your favorite jam or jelly

glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar
28 g cold water
pinch of salt

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together to make a smooth dough ; it 'll feel silky , but will be a bit stiff ( though not gnarly ) . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure ; cover it , and let it rise for 1 hour . it 'll barely show any signs of life ; that 's ok. gently deflate the dough , and let it rise again until it 's quite puffy , about 1 hour . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased or lightly floured work surface . roll it into a 3/8 '' to 1/2 '' -thick circle . cut the circle into 2 1/2 '' rounds ; each will weigh about 1 1/4 ounces . place the rounds on a baking sheet lined with waxed paper or parchment , and let them rest , covered , for about 2 hours . again , they wo n't seem to rise much ; that 's ok . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . melt 4 tablespoons of butter . brush the buns with the melted butter . bake them for 13 to 15 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove the buns from the oven , and cool on a rack . cut a slit in the side of each bun , and spoon or pipe in jam or jelly . a squeezable container of jam makes this task easier . make the glaze by combining the sugar , water , and salt . it 'll be very thin ; that 's ok . when the buns are completely cool , place them on a rack , and brush them all over with the glaze . if you do n't mind getting your fingers sticky , it 's much easier to put the glaze in a small , deep bowl , and dip the buns , one at a time , letting any excess icing drain off before placing them on a rack to set . allow the glaze to dry completely before transferring the buns to a serving plate and covering them loosely . these are best enjoyed within a day or so . yield : about 22 jam buns .

tips from our bakers

do n't wrap the buns airtight ; their glaze will melt and they 'll become very sticky .


marilyn 's whole wheat and rye sourdough bread

this moist and flavorful bread contains warm spices that add a background aroma to all sorts of beautifully decorated loaves and rolls . if you 're a liverwurst-and-onions aficionado , try it on this bread , slathered with hot-sweet mustard . heaven !

10 g instant yeast
397 g lukewarm milk
454 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
53 g packed dark brown sugar
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
7 g caraway seeds
1 teaspoon whole anise seeds
106 g white rye flour
113 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
418 g to 482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

combine the yeast , milk , starter , sugar , salt , cardamom , and seeds . stir in the rye flour and beat until the batter is smooth . add the whole wheat flour , then the unbleached all-purpose flour , a cup at a time , stirring well after each addition . when the dough has formed a shaggy mass , turn it out onto a lightly floured counter . knead the dough and add just as much flour as you need to keep the dough from sticking to the counter . the dough should be a little tacky , but not sticky . place the dough in a greased bowl . cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap and let rise until it has doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough and place it on a lightly floured counter . shape as desired ; you can make one huge loaf , three normal loaves , four mini loaves , or about 24 rolls . cover the loaves and let them rise for about 45 to 60 minutes , or until they 're puffy . preheat the oven to 400°f . if you 've made loaves , slash them a couple of times across the top ; this will help them rise evenly in the oven . bake the bread for about 25 minutes , or until it 's nicely browned and sounds hollow when thumped on the bottom ; its internal temperature should be about 205°f . remove from the oven , and cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days on the counter . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you feed your starter first , the dough will rise a bit more quickly.you can also reserve a small amount of dough and roll it into long , thin strips that can be snipped with scissors to form a stalk of wheat to decorate the top of each loaf . need some sourdough starter to get started ? see our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch . or , if you 're looking for a head-start , check out our classic fresh sourdough starter , a simpler path to fresh , ready-to-use sourdough starter .
this recipe comes to us from marilyn mulgrew of rochester , new york .


chocolate swirl loaf

this delicious ( and gorgeous ) wreath-shaped loaf is ideal for a holiday brunch .

dough

170 g lukewarm water
2 large eggs
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g hi-maize fiber
57 g butter
50 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon vanilla

filling

177 g chocolate schmear*
50 g sugar
113 g chopped toasted almonds or walnuts , optional

glaze

113 g glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla or scant 1/4 teaspoon almond flavoring
2 tablespoons cream or half and half

combine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl , a bread machine , or in the bowl of your stand mixer . mix and knead everything together till you 've made a soft , smooth dough . cover the bowl , or place the dough in lightly greased container , and allow it to rise for about 1 hour ; it 'll become puffy , but wo n't double in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and roll it into a 12 '' x 20 '' rectangle . warm the 1/2 cup chocolate schmear briefly in the microwave , to make it spreadable . spread the schmear over the dough , leaving an uncovered strip about 1 '' wide along one long end . sprinkle the sugar and chopped nuts over the filling . starting with the long covered edge , roll the dough into a 20 '' log , and pinch the seam closed . slice the log into 1 '' pieces and `` shingle '' them ( seam-side down ) into a lightly greased ring pan , or form the dough into a circle on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the dough and let it rise until puffy , about 45 minutes . while the dough is rising , preheat your oven to 350°f . bake the wreath for about 25 to 30 minutes , until golden brown and firm to the touch ; the inside will register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven and cool it in the pan for about 30 minutes before drizzling with the glaze . mix the glaze ingredients together , and drizzle over the slightly warm loaf .

tips from our bakers

for a poppy-seed loaf , spread the dough with about 3/4 cup poppy seed filling instead of chocolate schmear .


slow cooker boston brown bread

you know the brown bread you get in a can at the grocery store ? the one maybe your mom or grandma used to slice into circles and serve with hotdogs and beans on saturday night ? this is our homemade clone . soft and moist ( despite the absence of added fat ) , and mildly sweet , this bread is the perfect complement to the molasses in baked beans — and the salty/sharp flavor of a hotdog slathered with mustard . our thanks to anthony sammarco 's fascinating book , howard johnson 's - how a massachusetts soda fountain became an american icon for the original recipe that inspired this one .

113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
106 g rye flour : light , medium , or pumpernickel
131 g yellow or white cornmeal
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
53 g brown sugar , optional ; for increased sweetness
255 g dark molasses
454 g buttermilk

grease the inside of four wide-mouth pint canning jars , readily available at hardware stores and some supermarkets . grease the undersides of the lids , too . if you have a slow cooker large enough to hold the four jars , get it out . to make the bread : combine all of the ingredients , stirring until smooth . divide the batter among the four jars ; either eyeball them to make sure the batter is equally distributed ( it will come about 2/3 of the way up the inside of the jar ) , or weigh out the batter as you go ; each jar will have a scant 10 ounces batter . place a lid on each jar , and screw it on very loosely , just enough so it wo n't fall off . place the jars into the slow cooker , and fill it about half full with water , or enough to just about come to the level of the batter in the jars . cook on high for about 2 1/2 hours , until a toothpick inserted into the center of one of the breads comes out clean . carefully remove the hot jars from the slow cooker . as soon as you can comfortably handle them , remove the lids . wait about 5 minutes , then gently shake each jar back and forth a few times to loosen the breads . turn them out onto a rack to cool . slice and serve . wrap any leftovers tightly , and refrigerate or freeze . yield : 4 small breads , about 8 slices each .

tips from our bakers

do n't have a slow cooker ? steam the breads in a deep covered saucepan atop your stove . crumple some aluminum foil and place it into the saucepan before adding the jars , to prevent them from sitting directly on the bottom of the pan . `` i do n't buy buttermilk , '' you say . you may be able to make these breads with thinned yogurt or soured milk ( 2 cups milk to which 2 teaspoons vinegar has been added ) ; but since we have n't tested either of these substitutions , we ca n't guarantee them . suggestion : buy a quart of buttermilk ( it 's not expensive ) . use half and freeze the remainder . next time you want to make brown bread , you 'll already have the buttermilk .


holiday breakfast strata

this is the perfect way to make your holiday breakfast a deliciously stress-free experience . you can put this strata together ahead of time , tuck it into the refrigerator , and pop it in the oven christmas morning before you get the coffee started . for many families , this is a treat they look forward to every year .

1 pound broccoli florets
454 g loaf bread , cubed
1 pound breakfast sausage , cooked and crumbled
227 g shredded cheddar cheese ; we prefer cabot extra-sharp
2 tablespoons minced dried onion
7 large eggs
4 cups milk
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
coarsely ground black pepper to taste

lightly grease a 2-quart casserole , or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . blanch the broccoli florets by boiling briefly , for about 2 minutes . remove from the water and set aside to cool . put half the cubed bread in the prepared casserole or pan . top with all the cooked sausage , three-quarters of the broccoli , half the cheese , and the dried onion . top with the remaining bread and cheese . ( the last of the broccoli comes later . ) whisk together the eggs , milk , salt , mustard , and pepper . pour slowly over the bread mixture , pushing the bread down into the liquid . if necessary , add a bit more milk to barely submerge the bread when you press it down . cover and refrigerate overnight , or for at least 6 hours . when you 're ready to bake , take the casserole out of the refrigerator and preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the casserole , uncovered , for 45 minutes . place the reserved broccoli florets on top of the strata , pushing them in gently . continue to bake till the top is golden and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean , an additional 45 minutes or so . remove from the oven , and serve warm .

tips from our bakers

the resting time for the casserole prior to baking gives the bread time to absorb the egg/milk mixture.take the casserole out of the refrigerator and uncover it before you turn on the oven ; it will slightly shorten the baking time . be sure to grease the casserole dish all the way to the top before filling it ; serving will be much easier that way . you can cut and freeze the bread for this recipe a month in advance ; the eggs and milk can be put together up to 2 days ahead . the entire dish can be baked ahead and refrigerated for up to 3 days or frozen for 2 weeks .


feeding and maintaining your sourdough starter

once you 've successfully created your own sourdough starter , you 'll need to feed it regularly . if you bake a lot of sourdough treats , you may want to keep it on your counter , at room temperature . while this means feeding it twice a day , it also means your starter will be ready to bake when you are . if you 're a more casual sourdough baker , store your starter in the refrigerator , feeding it just once a week .

113 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g lukewarm water

to store your starter at room temperature : stir the starter well and discard all but 4 ounces ( 1/2 cup ) . add the water and flour . mix until smooth , and cover . repeat every 12 hours . remove 1 cup starter to bake with when it 's expanded and bubbly , then feed the remaining starter immediately ; revert to your normal 12-hour schedule for subsequent feedings . to store your starter in the refrigerator : take the starter out of the fridge . there may be a bit of light amber or clear liquid on top . either drain this off , or stir it in , your choice ; it 's simply a byproduct from the fermenting yeast . remove all but 4 ounces ( 1/2 cup ) starter ; see `` tips , '' at left , for ideas on what to do with it . add the flour and lukewarm water to the remaining starter . mix until smooth , and cover . allow the starter to rest at room temperature ( about 70°f ) for at least 2 hours ; this gives the yeast a chance to warm up and get feeding . after about 2 hours , refrigerate . to ready your refrigerated starter for baking : take the starter out of the fridge , discard all but 4 ounces ( 1/2 cup ) , and feed it as usual . let it rest at room temperature for about 12 hours , until bubbly . repeat as necessary , every 12 hours , until you notice the starter doubling or tripling in volume in 6 to 8 hours . that means it 's strong enough to leaven bread . for the final feeding prior to baking , add enough flour and water to use in your recipe , with a little left over to feed and maintain the starter for the next time you bake . for instance , if your recipe calls for 1 cup ( about 8 ounces ) starter , add 4 ounces each water and flour . if your recipe calls for 2 cups ( about 16 ounces ) starter , add 8 ounces each water and flour . once the starter is bubbling and vigorous , remove what you need for the recipe and set it aside . feed the remaining starter as usual . mix until smooth , and allow the starter to work for about 2 hours at room temperature before putting it back in the refrigerator .

tips from our bakers

sourdough baking is as much art as science . this method for maintaining sourdough starter is just one of many you might choose to follow . it does n't exactly match the process in our `` baker 's companion '' cookbook , nor some of our recipes online , nor what your neighbor down the street does . and that 's ok . if you have a process you 've successfully followed before , then stick with it . or try this one and compare . all good .
use `` discard '' starter to make pancakes , waffles , cake , pizza , flatbread , or another treat ; see our recipes for discard ( `` unfed '' ) starter . or , simply give your excess to a friend so he or she can create his or her own starter .


pompanoosuc porridge bread

leftover porridge ? no problem ! make this soft , chewy whole-grain loaf and enjoy your porridge as toast or a sandwich piled high with your favorite deli meats . if you ’ re like us , you may find yourself making an extra-big batch of porridge just to make this bread !

227 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g cooked pompanoosuc porridge*
283 g lukewarm water
28 g unsalted butter , softened
*see `` tips , '' below .

weigh out your flours ; you ’ ll find their weights by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure them by gently spooning them into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . mix together all the ingredients – by hand or mixer – until everything is cohesive . to knead by hand : turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead for 3 to 4 minutes . let the dough rest for 5 to 10 minutes , then knead for 3 to 4 minutes more until a soft , smooth dough forms . place the dough in an oiled bowl , cover , and let it rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . to knead in a mixer : set the mixer to the second lowest setting , and use the dough hook to knead the dough for 2 to 3 minutes . let the dough rest for 5 to 10 minutes , then knead the dough for 2 to 3 minutes more until a soft , smooth dough forms . remove the dough , oil the mixing bowl , then return the dough to the bowl . let the dough rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . shape the dough into a round or oval loaf and place it on a parchment-lined or greased baking sheet or into a lightly greased bread baking bowl . cover the dough and let it rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's slightly less than doubled in bulk . slash the top of the loaf several times ; a crosshatch pattern is nice for a round loaf , or diagonal slashes for an oval loaf . bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 40 to 45 minutes , or until it ’ s a deep golden brown and the internal temperature at the center reads 190° on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven and transfer it to a rack to cool completely . store bread , wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

substitute your favorite cooked porridge or cooked oatmeal ( steel-cut oats preferred ) for the pompanoosuc porridge , if desired . make sure porridge or oatmeal are cooked until thick.do you have a bread machine ? the dough for this loaf is easily prepared through the first rise using the machine 's dough cycle . remove the risen loaf from the machine at the completion of its cycle and continue with step # 5 .


semolina sandwich bread

this tasty sandwich loaf has a beautiful golden interior , and its crust is coated with a crunchy layer of sesame seeds . it makes lovely toast and sandwiches — especially grilled cheese !

383 g semolina flour
67 g yellow cornmeal
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
57 g butter
198 g water
1 large egg
35 g sesame seeds
14 g milk , for brushing crust

in a large mixing bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , combine all of the ingredients except the sesame seeds and milk , mixing to form a shaggy dough . knead the dough , by hand or by machine , for 10 minutes , or until it 's smooth and supple . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rest for 1 hour ; it 'll become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . you may also use your bread machine , set on the dough cycle , to prepare the dough to this point . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and shape it into a log . grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan , and sprinkle it heavily with sesame seeds . place the loaf in the pan , brush it with milk or a bit of beaten egg white , and sprinkle it with additional sesame seeds . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , or a shower cap . allow the loaf to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' above the rim of the bread pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 40 minutes , or until its interior registers 190°f on a digital thermometer . store the cooled bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .




parmesan and pepper loaf

this recipe makes a dense loaf with a craggy top similar to irish soda bread . it is delicious with a salad for a summer dinner , or with chili for an early autumn dinner .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 large eggs , beaten
227 g milk
142 g red pepper , diced
1 small green pepper , diced
142 g onion , diced and sautéed in 25 g olive oil
142 g grated parmesan cheese

preheat oven to 375°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . sift together the flour , baking powder , salt and cayenne pepper . mix the eggs and the milk . stir into the dry ingredients . stir in the fresh peppers , onion and the parmesan cheese . put the batter into the pan . bake the loaf for 50 to 60 minutes , or until a cake tester comes out clean . store well-wrapped at room temperature for up to 5 days , or frozen for up to 3 months .




caraway rye bread

this seeded light-colored , soft rye bread is delicious for deli sandwiches — corned beef on rye , anyone ?

227 g lukewarm water
106 g white rye , medium rye , or pumpernickel flour
14 g sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g sour cream ( low-fat is fine ; please do n't use nonfat )
7 g to 14 g caraway seeds , to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
280 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or first clear flour
25 g vital wheat gluten or king arthur rye bread improver , optional , for best rise

note : thanks to reader feedback , as of february 22 , 2013 , changes have been made to this recipe to create a less sticky dough , one easier to work with and shape ; and to ensure the bread does n't sink in the center after baking . the amount of water has been reduced from 1 1/4 cups to 1 cup ; and the amount of rye flour has been decreased from 1 1/4 cups to 1 cup , with the amount of all-purpose flour increasing from 2 cups to 2 1/3 cups . in addition , the sugar has been decreased by 2 teaspoons . thanks , as always , for your good feedback . in a medium-sized mixing bowl or the bowl of your stand mixer , combine the water , sugar , rye flour and yeast , mixing to form a soft batter . let the mixture rest for 20 minutes ; this allows the rye flour to absorb some of the liquid , making the dough easier to knead . add the remaining ingredients , and mix and knead the dough together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until it 's fairly smooth . the nature of rye dough is to be sticky , so do n't be tempted to add too much flour . place the dough in an oiled bowl or large ( 8-cup ) measure , cover , and let it rise until noticeably puffy , 60 to 90 minutes . gently deflate the dough , knead it briefly , and shape it into two smooth oval or round loaves ; or one long oval loaf . place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the loaves , and let them rise until they 're noticeably puffy , about 90 minutes . towards the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 350°f . just before they go into the oven , spritz the loaves with water , and slash them about 1/2 '' deep . the oval loaves look good with one long , vertical slash ; the rounds , with two or three shorter slashes across the top . bake the loaves for 35 to 40 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 205°f to 210°f . the single , larger loaf will bake for 45 to 50 minutes . if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it lightly with foil after 25 minutes of baking . remove the loaves from the oven , and transfer them to a rack . while still warm , brush them with melted butter , if desired ; this will keep their crust soft .

tips from our bakers

do n't throw away that dill or sour pickle juice ! it 's a great substitute for the water in this recipe . depending on the saltiness of the juice , you 'll want to cut back the salt in the recipe to 3/4 teaspoon to 1 teaspoon .


100 % whole wheat pain de mie

the best bread for thin-slicing is called pain de mie , a butter-and milk-rich loaf baked in a special lidded pan , often called a pullman pan . the lid ensures that the baking bread wo n't expand too much , keeping it very close-grained — and thus totally non-crumbly , and easy to slice .

227 g lukewarm milk
227 g lukewarm water
85 g butter , softened
2 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
57 g potato flour or 63 g potato flakes
46 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
567 g king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . lightly grease a standard ( 13 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' ) lidded pain de mie ( pullman ) pan . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , shape it into a log , and fit it into the pan . flatten the top as much as possible . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise until it 's about 1/2 '' below the lip of the pan , about 45 minutes . preheat your oven 350° . carefully slip the cover onto the pan , and let it rest an additional 15 minutes while the oven heats . bake the bread for 25 minutes . remove the pan from the oven , carefully remove the lid , and return the bread to the oven to bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes , until it 's golden-brown on top and tests done ; an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . for a soft , flavorful crust , brush the loaf with melted butter while warm . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

for the very best results , we recommend our organic white whole wheat flour . barring that , choose our regular white whole wheat flour . using a traditional whole wheat flour , one milled from red wheat , wo n't give you nearly the nice results that white whole wheat flour will.want to use a 9 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' pain de mie pan ? see our recipe for a smaller 100 % whole wheat pain de mie .


pan bagna

this classic stuffed sandwich from the mediterranean is much like an american sandwich of the same sort . here , we call this sublime mixture of meat and vegetables and/or cheese on oil-doused crusty bread a submarine ( massachusetts ) , hoagie ( new jersey ) , grinder ( connecticut ) , hero ( new york ) , italian ( maine ) , or muffaletta ( new orleans ) . in france , it 's pan bagnat ; and in italy , pan bagna ( literally , `` bathed bread . '' ) this recipe for pan bagna dispenses with the cheese , and substitutes anchovies for meat , but the result is not at all lacking in taste ; the ingredients blend like a well-tuned orchestra , the flavor of none standing out above the others . if you 're not an anchovy fan , do n't be turned off just yet ; they add a subtle richness that is n't fishy .

one large round or two smaller baguette-shaped loaves of crusty bread ( see `` tips '' , below . )
99 g olive oil
1 medium red or vidalia onion , sliced paper-thin
2 small ( 50 g ) tins of anchovies
283 g to 340 g tomatoes , sliced 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' thick , seeded and drained
92 g pitted , chopped black olives
92 g pitted , chopped green olives
one 198 g jar roasted red peppers in oil ( see `` tips '' , below . )
freshly ground black pepper

slice the bread in half horizontally to make a top and bottom half . brush the cut side of each piece with the olive oil . on the bottom half , layer the onion slices , anchovies and tomato slices . in a small bowl , mix the green and black olives together , then spread atop tomatoes on bread . place red peppers over all , and sprinkle with black pepper to taste . cover with top half of bread . wrap sandwich very tightly in plastic wrap , then in foil . set it aside for 1 or up to 4 hours or so , for the flavors to marry and the bread to absorb the oil and juices . unwrap and cut in sandwich-sized slices or wedges to serve .

tips from our bakers

we like to use a very soft hearth bread dough for this sandwich . a slack dough ( i.e. , one which does n't have quite as much flour , and is quite sticky ) will spread outwards as it rises , rather than up . the resulting loaf is flatter , and is very nice for sandwiches , sporting more crust and more surface area than the usual loaf.you can roast your own red or green peppers quite easily . place whole peppers on a baking sheet under a broiler . broil , turning frequently , until peppers are black all over . place hot peppers in a brown paper bag , and place bag in the sink ( peppers will let out their juice as they cool ) . when peppers are cool enough to handle , open them up , remove the seeds , and peel the skin off ( it 'll slip off quite easily ) . sprinkle peppers with olive oil and store in the refrigerator .


seeded multigrain sourdough bread

our harvest grains blends is one of those ingredients that we just ca n't seem to get enough of , particularly when it comes to sourdough . studded with grains and seeds throughout , this loaf is the best of both worlds with its light , tender interior and crisp , crusty exterior . we know it will make you love harvest grains as much as we do .

soaker

170 g boiling water
113 g harvest grains blend
1 teaspoon salt

dough

all of the soaker
170 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
113 g warm water
170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium 100 % whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
25 g vegetable oil

in a medium bowl , stir together the boiling water , harvest grains blend , and salt . cover the mixture , and let it sit at room temperature overnight . the next day , combine the soaker with the remaining dough ingredients . mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise until almost doubled , about 60 to 90 minutes . gently fold the dough over a few times on a lightly greased work surface . shape it into an 11 '' log , and place it into a hearth bread pan ( see `` tips , '' at left , for an alternative ) . cover the loaf and let it rise until it 's noticeably puffy , about 60 to 90 minutes . preheat the oven to 425°f . slash the top of the loaf several times to allow for expansion , using any pattern you like . bake the bread for 20 minutes . reduce the oven temperature to 350°f , and bake for 8 to 12 minutes longer , until the bread is golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . remove the bread from the oven and turn it out onto a rack to cool . store well-wrapped at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

do n't have a hearth bread pan ? place your shaped loaf onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . bake and finish the loaf as directed .


cinnamon raisin bread

unlike most cinnamon raisin loaves , this one includes ground cinnamon right in the dough , rather than simply added as swirled filling . the result ? a deep-gold , aromatic loaf studded with raisins , perfect for toasting .

dough

170 g lukewarm milk
28 g soft butter
85 g raisins ( or chopped dates , dried cranberries , or your favorite dried fruit )
50 g old-fashioned rolled oats
50 g brown sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast , we recommend saf gold instant yeast for the fastest rise
57 g to 74 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*use the smaller amount in summer , or under humid conditions ; the larger amount in winter , or when it 's dry out .

topping

cinnamon-sugar

note : thanks to reader feedback , this recipe has been amended as of may 1 , 2015 , as follows : the amount of cinnamon has been cut back , to reduce rising times ; the salt has been increased , for flavor ; and the recipe has been cut in half , to make one loaf . combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , soft dough . round the dough into a ball , and place it in a greased bowl ( or let it remain in the bread machine ) , and let it rise for about 2 hours , or until it 's noticeably puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk . gently deflate the risen dough , shape it into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . tent the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let the dough rise until it 's crowned 1 '' to 1 1/2 '' over the rim of the pan , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the risen loaf , brush it with milk or water , and sprinkle it with cinnamon-sugar , if desired , for extra flavor . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , until it 's a deep golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it with aluminum foil about 10 to 15 minutes before it 's done baking . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . once it 's completely cool , wrap well , and store at room temperature for up to 5 days . freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf .




dark chocolate bread pudding

is there any comfort food as purely comforting as warm , soft , chocolate-y bread pudding ? there 's nothing like it on a cold winter 's night ( or on february 14 ! )

276 g bread cubes ( see `` tips , '' below . )
255 g semisweet chocolate , chopped , or chocolate chips
198 g sugar
43 g cocoa , unsweetened baking cocoa or dutch-process cocoa
680 g milk or half & half
6 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract

lightly butter the bottom and sides of a 2-quart baking dish , 9 '' x 13 '' pan , or equivalent . toss the bread cubes with 1 cup of the chopped semisweet chocolate , and place in the prepared pan . combine the remaining chopped chocolate with the sugar , cocoa , and 1 1/2 cups of the milk or half & half in a saucepan set over low heat . cook , stirring , until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is thickened and smooth . transfer to a large bowl , and whisk in the remaining milk or half & half . whisk in the eggs , salt , and vanilla . pour the mixture over the bread cubes and let rest for 30 minutes or so at room temperature , until the chocolate custard has been absorbed by the bread . preheat the oven to 325°f . bake the pudding for 45 to 50 minutes , until it 's set . remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes to allow the custard to fully set before serving . serve warm with whipped cream , ice cream , or dusted with confectioners ' sugar . store , refrigerated , for up to 5 days .

tips from our bakers

a 1-pound loaf of bread or brioche should yield about 6 1/2 cups bread cubes . otherwise use 10 to 12 slices of bread , cut into 1/2 '' cubes .


seeded italian braid

this bread has a nice tang to it ; if you 're a sourdough baker , you could easily use 2 cups of active starter instead of waiting overnight for the poolish ( starter ) . the bread keeps quite well on the counter , and is excellent for sandwiches and toast . after braiding , it can be helpful to place the braid in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . the pan will support the braid as it rises and bakes , and you 'll get higher sides and a better shape for sandwiches , with all the beauty of a braid on top .

poolish ( starter )

227 g cool water , about 65°f
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the poolish ( starter )
113 g cool water , about 65°f
241 to 298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
beaten egg white , for brushing over the top
sesame seeds , for sprinkling

to make the poolish : combine all of the ingredients , mixing just until a cohesive dough forms . allow the dough to rest , covered , for 12 to 16 hours at room temperature . when the poolish is ready , it will be filled with large holes and bubbles . to make the dough : add the water to the poolish , and mix until smooth . add the flour , yeast , and salt , and knead the dough until it 's fairly smooth but not necessarily elastic , about 3 minutes by machine , or 5 minutes by hand . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover with greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours . at the end of the rising time , divide the dough in thirds , and roll each into a 20 '' rope . braid the ropes . set the braid on a lightly greased baking sheet or into a greased 9 '' x 5 '' pan , tucking the ends underneath . cover the loaf and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until just puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . gently brush the braid with beaten egg white , and sprinkle it with sesame seeds . bake the bread for 25 to 35 minutes , until golden brown , and the internal temperature reads 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove it from the oven , turn it out of the pan ( if you 've used a loaf pan ) , and cool on a rack . yield : 1 loaf , 16 slices .




brioche buns

the inspiration for this recipe comes from our bakery , where brioche buns are among the wide variety of rolls and buns king arthur flour bakers produce daily . these particular buns are rich , tender , and pillow-like , similar to our bakery 's , and are the perfect vessel for a big , juicy burger .

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved for wash ( below )
57 g lukewarm water
142 g unsalted butter

egg wash

1 large egg white ( reserved from above ) lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water
seeds of your choice , optional

mix and knead the dough ingredients — in a mixer or bread machine — to make a smooth , shiny dough . it starts out sticky , and takes 15 to 20 minutes of kneading in a stand mixer to develop , so we do n't recommend kneading this by hand . form the dough into a ball , place it in a greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for 1 hour . refrigerate the covered dough overnight , to slow its rise and make it easier to shape . the next day , remove the dough from the refrigerator , and divide it into six pieces . shape each piece into a flattened ball , and place into the lightly greased cups of an individual pie and burger bun pan . or place the buns on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving about 2 '' to 3 '' between them . cover the buns , and let them rise until they 're quite puffy . this may take as little as 1 hour ; or up to 2 to 3 hours , depending on how warm your rising environment , and how cold the dough . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the buns with egg wash , and bake on the middle rack of the oven for 14 to 18 minutes , tenting with foil after 10 minutes if they appear to be browning too quickly . the finished buns will register at least 190°f on a digital thermometer inserted into the center . remove the buns from the oven , and cool on a rack . yield : 6 buns .

tips from our bakers

use either saf red or saf gold instant yeast in this recipe ; both will work well .


honey oatmeal bread

if you 're going to make oatmeal bread , do n't accept some watered-down version , more white bread than whole grain . this dense-textured , moist sandwich loaf includes a generous measure of oats . it slices beautifully for sandwiches , makes absolutely delightful toast and , due to the oats , honey , and applesauce , stays fresh for days in your breadbox . our guarantee : this moist bread has a light-tan , even-textured interior , and mild flavor . it slices nicely , and is about 3 1/2 '' tall at its center point .

170 g lukewarm water
128 g `` quick '' rolled oats
2 packets `` highly active '' dry yeast ; or 1 tablespoon active dry yeast ; or 2 3/4 teaspoons instant yeast
43 g honey
1 tablespoon brown sugar
85 g ( 3/4 stick ) butter
113 g unsweetened applesauce
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
28 g instant mashed potato flakes
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons oats , to sprinkle on top , optional

combine the 3/4 cup water and oats , and let rest for 20 minutes . this gives the oats a chance to absorb the water and soften up . if you 're using active or `` highly active '' dry yeast , dissolve it in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water with a pinch of sugar . it should start to bubble as the oats and water rest . add the remaining ingredients to the oats ( including the yeast/water/sugar mixture , if you 're using active dry yeast ) , and mix and kneadby hand , electric mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycleuntil the dough feels springy ; it will be quite stiff . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rise , covered , for 2 hours ; it 's a slow riser . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap . allow the dough to rise at room temperature for 1 3/4 to 2 hours , till it 's crowned about 1 1/2 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the top of the loaf with milk , and sprinkle with oats , if desired . bake the bread for 20 minutes . tent it loosely with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 25 to 30 minutes . when the bread is done , it 'll be golden brown , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , wait 5 minutes , then turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . store well-wrapped at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

because of its high oat content , this bread may have a slightly craggy surface , with minor hills and valleys in the top crust . do n't worry ; that 's the way it 's supposed to lookrustic ! the type of oats you use does make a difference ; quick oats absorb more liquid , more quickly , than old-fashioned rolled oats . if you do n't have quick oats , pulse old-fashioned oats in the food processor several times , to break them up a bit before using.when making yeast bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . `` rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking ( how you kneaded the dough ; what kind of yeast you used ) that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


soft cinnamon twists

these soft , chewy bread twists are sugar-sweet and bursting with cinnamon .

dough

85 g butter
227 g water , warm
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
11 g instant yeast
67 g sugar
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 large egg

filling

74 g baker 's cinnamon filling
28 g water

cinnamon glaze

57 g butter , melted
99 g baker 's special sugar or 99 g granulated sugar , mixed with 4 g cinnamon

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes , until it 's shiny and smooth . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . it should have almost doubled . to make the filling : mix the cinnamon filling with the water . to shape and bake the twists : lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . on a lightly oiled surface , roll the dough into a 12 '' x 20 '' rectangle . spread the filling mixture evenly over half of the dough . fold the plain dough in half over the filling , and press and roll gently to seal . cut the dough into fifteen 3/4 '' strips , each about 12 '' long . gently twist the strips ( like you were wringing out a towel ) , and place them on the baking sheet . let them rise , covered , for 30 to 45 minutes . while they 're rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly spritz them with water , and bake the twists for 12 to 14 minutes . remove the twists from the oven when they 're lightly browned , brush them with the melted butter , and sprinkle with the cinnamon mixture . store the twists in an airtight container for up to 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

substitute your favorite cinnamon filling for our baker 's cinnamon filling .


brioche

this egg- and butter-rich bread is delightfully tender . we love to use this dough for shaped and filled sweet breads . while this is a classic brioche dough , the braid and plain round are n't the classic shape this loaf would take in france , where it 's generally presented in its traditional topknot form : a small round nestled atop a larger one . make it that way if you choose ; chacun à son goût !

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 large eggs*
57 g lukewarm water
142 g butter , room temperature
*use 3 large eggs + 1 egg yolk , if desired — this will allow you to brush the leftover egg white on the loaf if you 're planning to garnish it with sugar ; see tip below .

in a stand mixer or bread machine ( programmed for dough ) , mix together all of the ingredients to form a smooth , shiny dough . do n't worry ; what starts out as a sticky mess becomes beautifully satiny as it kneads . this dough takes longer than most to develop , so be prepared to let the dough knead for up to 15 to 20 minutes in a stand mixer . also , we do n't recommend trying to knead it by hand . if you 're using a bread machine , let it complete its kneading cycle , then continue as directed below . form the dough into a ball ( it 'll be very soft ) , place it in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and it let rise for 1 hour . then refrigerate the dough for several hours , or overnight . this will slow the fermentation and chill the butter , making the dough easier to shape . divide the chilled dough into 12 pieces to make mini-brioche ( brioche buns ) ; leave it whole for one large round brioche ; or divide it in half for two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaves . place the dough into the greased pan ( s ) of your choice , cover lightly , and let rise for 2 1/2 to 3 hours , until it 's doubled and looks very puffy . if you 're making two loaves , it 's fun to make simple three-strand braids , and set them in the loaf pans . to bake a large , round brioche : place the pan into a preheated 400°f oven . after 10 minutes , reduce the oven heat to 350°f and bake for about 30 to 35 minutes more . check the brioche after 15 minutes ; tent with aluminum foil if it appears to be browning too quickly . brioche should be a deep brown when done , should sound hollow when tapped , and will read 190°f at the center using an instant-read thermometer . ( it 's easy to underbake , since it browns so quickly ! ) remove the brioche from the oven , and after 10 minutes remove it from the pan to cool completely on a rack . to bake the mini brioches : place the pan ( s ) onto a baking sheet for easy handling , as shown ; then nestle that baking sheet into another baking sheet , to protect the buns ' bottoms from over-browning . bake the buns in a preheated 375°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes ( tent after 10 minutes if they 're browning too quickly ) . remove them from the oven , let stand for 5 minutes , then turn them out onto a rack . to bake the loaves : allow the loaves to rise until they 've nearly reached the rim of the pan , about 3 hours . set the loaf pans on a baking sheet , for easy handling . bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting with foil after 15 to 20 minutes .

tips from our bakers

for iced mini brioche , combine 1 cup confectioners ' sugar with 1 teaspoon vanilla , a pinch of salt , and enough cream to make a `` drizzlable '' glaze.if you 're baking the brioche as a braided loaf , add an extra yolk to the dough , reserving the white . just before baking the risen loaves , whisk the reserved white with 1 tablespoon milk , brush on loaves , and sprinkle with pearl sugar or sparkling white sugar.a full-sized , fully baked brioche should register 190°f at its center using a digital thermometer . loaves and small rounds should measure 190°f , for soft bread ; or up to 205°f for crustier bread .


blueberry bran bread

this bread is perfect for a lazy summer morning . the original recipe produced a bright purple bread , but the blueberry flavor was n't nearly as vibrant as the color . and then we added jammy bits ... we had n't really played around with adding them to yeasted bread before , so you can imagine our reaction to our first bites of this beautiful loaf . so good ! jammy bits are a blend of blueberry and apple juices with sugar and pectin , and truly give the most delightful fruit taste . the bran and wheat flour add flavor and fiber . this is an all-around delicious loaf that will add fiber and nutrition to your family 's diet .

227 g buttermilk
170 g blueberries , fresh or frozen-thaw and drain if frozen , reserving the juices
57 g milk or drained blueberry juice
43 g unsalted butter
64 g honey
2 teaspoons salt
43 g wheat bran
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
365 to 422 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
156 g blueberry jammy bits

place all of the ingredients except the jammy bits into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for basic dough , and press start . adjust the texture of the dough as necessary using the remaining 1/4 cup bread flour or extra water . you want a smooth and not overly sticky dough . add the jammy bits when the machine prompts you to do so . allow the machine to run through the full cycle . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan and line it with parchment . remove the dough from the machine and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a fat 9 '' log . place it in the prepared pan . cover the pan and let the dough rise for 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 10 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . yield : 16 servings .




harvest grains loaf for the bread machine

the nutty , whole-grain flavor and crunch of this loaf make it wonderful served plain , with butter , or as the base for a sandwich .

dough

11 g vegetable oil
340 g to 397 g water*
1 egg yolk
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
96 g harvest grains blend
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
7 g king arthur whole-grain bread improver , optional
*see `` tips , '' below .

topping

1 egg white
2 to 3 tablespoons artisan bread topping , or any seed blend topping , or seeds

to make with a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your machine in the order indicated by the manufacturer . program the machine for basic white bread ( or equivalent ) , medium crust ( if your machine has a crust selection feature ) , and start the machine . check the dough about 5 minutes before the end of its final kneading cycle ; if it 's very sticky and wo n't hold its shape , add a bit more flour ; if it 's very dry and `` gnarly '' add a few tablespoons of water . when the dough has finished kneading , take it out of the machine , remove the paddles from the machine , then shape it into a nice , smooth loaf , and replace it in the machine . brush it with some beaten egg white , and sprinkle it heavily with seeds . allow the machine to complete its cycle . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

use the lesser amount of water in summer , the greater amount in winter , and something in between in fall and spring.you may also make this bread without the aid of a bread machine ; or make the dough in a bread machine , and bake it in the oven . simply make the dough using your usual method ( by hand , electric mixer or bread machine ) ; allow it to rise until puffy , then shape it into a log ; and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch bread pan . allow the loaf to rise , covered , until it 's crowned about 1 inch over the rim of the pan . brush the risen loaf with the beaten egg white , and sprinkle it with the seeds . bake it in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes , or until its interior temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pan , and cool it on a wire rack .


white sandwich bread

this golden-crusted , soft white bread is a versatile star . enjoy it toasted ( or made into french toast ) in the morning ; for sandwiches at lunchtime ; and in the breadbasket , ready for buttering , at dinner . our guarantee : this tender , close-grained loaf rises to a lovely 4 1/2 '' dome , and bakes up golden brown .

2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
198 to 255 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
85 g unsalted butter , room temperature
28 g baker 's special dry milk or 5/8 ounce nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

if you 're using active dry yeast , dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water . let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes , until the mixture has bubbled and expanded . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the dissolved yeast ( or instant yeast ) with the remainder of the ingredients . mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take about 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's nearly doubled in bulk . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into an 8 '' log . transfer the log , smooth side up , to a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . tent the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap . allow the bread to rise until it 's crested about 1 1/4 '' over the rim of the pan , about 1 hour . again , it may rise more slowly for you ; let it rise till it 's 1 1/4 '' over the rim of the pan , even if that takes longer than an hour . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 15 minutes . tent it lightly with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , till the crust is golden brown , and the interior temperature measures 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and gently loosen the edges with a heatproof spatula or table knife . turn it out of the pan , and brush the top surface with butter , if desired ; this will give it a soft , satiny crust . allow the bread to cool completely before slicing . as soon as it 's completely cool , wrap it tightly in plastic wrap ; or in a plastic bag , air pressed and fastened securely at the top .

tips from our bakers

if you 're kneading bread by hand , it 's tempting to keep adding flour till the dough is no longer sticky . resist the temptation ! the more flour you add while you 're kneading , the heavier and drier your final loaf will be . the amount of liquid you use to make the `` perfect '' dough will vary with the seasons . flour is like a sponge ; it absorbs water during the humid days of summer , and dries out during the winter . your goal should be making the dough as it 's described ( e.g. , soft , and smooth , but not sticky ) , rather than sticking religiously to the amount of liquid . when making yeast bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking ( how you kneaded the dough ; what kind of yeast you used ) that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


apricot-almond coffeecake

we 've created this special breakfast bread for enjoying and and sharing with all your guests . it travels and freezes well ; the recipe makes two loaves , so you can have one to enjoy and one for a host or hostess gift .

dough

113 g warm water
1 tablespoon instant or active dry yeast
539 g to 602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , divided
113 g warm milk
2 large eggs , beaten
50 g sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon orange oil or 1 tablespoon orange zest ( grated orange rind )
85 g softened butter
1/2 teaspoon salt

filling

454 g boiling water
454 g dried apricots , quartered
131 g sugar
2 teaspoons almond extract

glaze ( optional )

170 g confectioners ' sugar , sifted
28 g to 43 g heavy cream
2 teaspoons orange zest ( grated orange rind )
toasted sliced almonds , for garnish

to make the dough : in a large bowl , combine the water , yeast , and 1/2 cup of the flour . let sit for 10 minutes to give the yeast some time to get going . add the milk , eggs , sugar , vanilla , orange oil or rind , butter , and salt . stir to mix well . add the remaining flour 1 cup at a time , stirring until the dough forms a shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead it to form a smooth and satiny ball . flour your hands and the counter as necessary to keep the dough from sticking , but try not to add more flour to the dough . when the dough springs back when you give it a poke , it 's ready for its first rise . place the dough in a bowl , cover with greased plastic wrap , and let it rise in a warm spot until doubled in size , about 1 1/2 hours . to make the filling : pour the boiling water over the apricots and cover with plastic wrap ; let them soften for 15 minutes . drain , then put the apricots , sugar , and almond extract in a food processor and pulse until you have a thick purée . to assemble : line two baking sheets with parchment paper . after the dough has doubled , deflate it and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface . divide it in half , and knead each half briefly . roll each piece of dough into a rectangle 6 '' wide and 15 '' long . spread each rectangle with half the filling , leaving a 1 '' border on one long edge uncovered . roll each rectangle up , starting with the filling-covered long edge . place each log on one of the prepared baking sheets , and join the ends of the log together to form a circle , pinching to seal . let the coffeecakes rise for 15 minutes . make several parallel slashes 1 '' deep in each coffeecake . let rise again , this time for 20 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the coffeecakes for 25 minutes , until golden brown . remove them from the oven and cool before glazing or cutting . to make the glaze : whisk the ingredients together until smooth ; drizzle over the coffeecakes and sprinkle with toasted almonds , if desired , before serving .

tips from our bakers

if you have a small ramekin or heatproof bowl , grease its outside and place in the center of the baking sheet . form your coffee cake around it , and leave it in place as the dough rises and bakes . after baking and cooling , remove the ramekin or bowl , and you 'll have a perfect circle in the center of your treat .


`` seeduction '' challah

this delightfully soft loaf , from blogger molly yeh and her book , molly on the range , is guaranteed to make you swoon . slightly sweet , packed full of seeds and other flavorful crunchy bits , it more than lives up to its sultry title . you can shape it into a traditional braid or a more swirly shape , depending on your preference .

dough

4 1/2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
340 g warm water
50 g sugar
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
397 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon kosher salt
53 g millet ( whole , not flour )
85 g pumpkin seeds
35 g sunflower seeds
35 g whole flax seed
21 g poppy seeds
18 g sesame seeds
4 large eggs
131 g vegetable oil
85 g molasses or honey

topping

1 egg yolk lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water
pumpkin seeds
sunflower seeds
sesame seeds

in a medium bowl , combine the yeast , water , and 1 teaspoon of the sugar and give it a little stir . let it sit for about 5 minutes , until it becomes foamy on top . meanwhile , in a large bowl , mix together the flours , salt , remaining 1/4 cup sugar , millet , and the pumpkin , sunflower , flax , poppy , and sesame seeds . in a medium bowl , whisk together the eggs , oil , and molasses . when the yeast is foamy , add it to the dry mixture immediately followed by the egg mixture and stir to combine . knead for 7 to 10 minutes , until you have a nice smooth dough , adding more flour as necessary . transfer the dough to an oiled bowl , cover , and let it sit at room temperature until doubled in size , 2 to 3 hours . alternatively , you can refrigerate the dough overnight and then let it sit at room temperature for about 1 hour before shaping . for traditional braided loaves : line a large baking sheet with parchment . divide the dough in half , and on a clean work surface pat the dough out into a long rectangle , about 3 '' x 12 '' . cut the rectangle into three long rectangles and then roll them out a bit to get three long logs . pinch them together at one end and then braid the logs , pinching together at the other end to form a loaf . transfer the loaf to the baking sheet and repeat with the remaining half of the dough . place the loaves at least 3 '' apart . let them rise at room temperature , covered , for 30 minutes . to make a swirl : line two baking sheets with parchment . divide the dough in quarters and roll each into a skinny log about 18 '' long . coil each log up like a snail . place two coils at least 4 '' apart on each baking sheet and let them rise at room temperature , covered , for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . brush a light coating of egg wash all over the tops of the loaves and sprinkle with additional seeds as desired . bake until the loaves are golden brown and have an internal temperature of 190°f . begin checking for doneness at 28 minutes . remove from the oven and cool before slicing . store any leftovers at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage .




swiss onion rye loaf

we modeled this cheese-swirled rye loaf after that of a small family bakery , then added some onions for a little extra zing . you 'll enjoy this hearty loaf on its own or as a great base for reuben sandwiches .

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
128 g rye flour or 131 g pumpernickel flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 to 2 teaspoons deli rye flavor , optional , but very good
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 to 2 teaspoons caraway seeds , optional
1 teaspoon burnt sugar syrup , caramel color , or black cocoa , optional ; for a medium dark loaf
340 g water

filling

142 g onion , peeled , chopped , and sautéed in 11 g olive oil until lightly browned
113 g swiss cheese , diced in 1/4 '' pieces

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — mixing and kneading to form a smooth and shiny dough . place the dough into a greased bowl , turn to coat , and cover . place it in a warm spot to rise for 1 to 2 hours , until the dough has expanded by at least a third . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . to assemble the loaf : turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured surface , then pat it out into a 12 '' square . sprinkle the dough with the onions and cheese . fold it into thirds ( like a letter ) to enclose the onions and cheese . form it into a 15 '' to 16 '' fat baguette — in other words , a bâtard . ( or divide and shape it into two smaller loaves ) . place the loaf/loaves on the baking sheet , and cover lightly with greased plastic wrap or a dough cover . allow the bread to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until doubled in size . to bake the bread : toward the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 400°f . just before placing the bread into the oven cut 4 to 5 diagonal slashes across the top , each about 1/4 '' deep . spritz the bread with water , then place it into the oven . bake it for 15 minutes , then reduce the oven heat to 350°f and bake for an additional 15 minutes ( for 1 large loaf ) . for two smaller loaves , check after an additional 10 minutes . bread is done when an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

as with any loaf containing rye , allowing it to cool for several hours or overnight will reduce the slight gumminess that rye has when it first comes out of the oven . but with this bread , it 'll be hard to wait , as its aroma is so enticing !


artisan sourdough bread made with a stiff starter

this bread has it all : great sourdough flavor , an open crumb , and a wonderfully crisp crust . before you make this bread , you need to create a slightly different starter from your existing sourdough starter ; please read our stiff sourdough starter recipe for the information you need .

dough

482 g room-temperature water
113 g ripe ( fed ) stiff sourdough starter
567 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
2 1/2 teaspoons bread salt ( or any finely ground salt )

topping

artisan bread topping or the seeds of your choice , optional

pour the water into a large mixing bowl . add the ripe starter to the water by ripping it into small pieces . add the flour and salt , and stir the ingredients ( a dough scraper works well here ) until the dough becomes shaggy . scrape the dough out of the bowl and smear the dough with the heel of your hand , so that all the flour hydrates and the starter begins to break down . this should only take 1 to 2 minutes . make sure there are no remaining dry pockets of flour . return the dough to the bowl . to use a stand mixer , simply mix 1 minute on lowest speed , scraping down the bowl to be sure all the flour is hydrated cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the dough to sit for 30 minutes . knead the dough by hand for 2 minutes ( 1 minute on speed 2 using a stand mixer ) , then place it in an oiled bowl and cover it with plastic wrap . let the dough rise for 1 hour at warm room temperature ; 76°f is ideal . if your room is cooler , let it rise for 75 to 90 minutes . gently deflate the risen dough by folding it ; please watch our video on how to deflate yeast dough for details . place it folded side down in the bowl , and let it rise for another hour . fold the dough one more time , and let it rise for 90 minutes . the dough should feel light and airy . if it still feels stiff and cool , give it another fold and one more hour of rising time . turn the dough out of the bowl onto a lightly floured surface . cut off 8 ounces ( about 1 cup , lightly packed ) , round it up , and place it in a lightly oiled , covered container . keep it in your refrigerator for up to a week ; feed as directed in our stiff sourdough starter recipe when you want to bake bread again . do n't want to maintain another starter in the fridge ? see `` tips , '' at left . to preshape the loaf , give the dough a light fold . place the loaf fold side up on a floured surface , cover it with plastic wrap , and let it rest for 20 minutes . shape the dough into a large round , and let it sit on the table for a minute or two to seal the bottom seam . for details , see our video on how to shape bread . place the loaf seam-side up in a floured brotform or in a bowl lined with a well-floured dishtowel or cloth napkin . refrigerate the loaf , covered with plastic wrap , overnight or for up to 24 hours . about 16 to 18 hours of refrigeration is ideal . the next day , preheat the oven to 450°f . if baking in a dutch oven or other covered baker , gently turn the loaf into the prepared pot , replace the lid , and allow the loaf to rest at room temperature for at least 45 minutes before baking . loaves baked on a stone or on a baking sheet can be loaded into the oven directly from the refrigerator . just before baking , brush or spray the loaf with water , and sprinkle it with artisan bread topping or the seeds of your choice , if desired . use a lame or a very sharp knife to score the bread several times across the top . bake the bread for 30 minutes . remove the lid ( if baking in a covered baker ) , and continue to bake for 20 minutes , or until the loaf is a rich golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom . a loaf baked on a stone or baking sheet will be done in approximately 40 to 45 minutes . remove the bread from the oven and allow it to cool on a rack before slicing .

tips from our bakers

a half and half mixture of brown rice flour and all-purpose flour works well for sprinkling on the bottom of your oiled pot to help prevent sticking , and is also a good flour mixture to rub into the liner of your brotform , or the cloth that lines your bowl . make up a batch of this mixture and keep it in the freezer in a freezer bag , so it 's fresh and ready when you want to bake bread . remember to take it out beforehand so it comes to room temperature . if you do n't wish to maintain a stiff starter in the fridge by removing 8 ounces of dough when it comes time to shape your loaves , simply make one large loaf or two smaller loaves . baking times will be a bit longer or shorter , depending on the size of the loaves . for a more mildly flavored sourdough , allow the shaped loaf to rise for 2 to 3 hours , then bake , skipping the overnight refrigeration.steam will help your sourdough loaf achieve the rich , golden crackly crust you 've been dreaming about . luckily there are lots of ways home bakers can add steam to their bread baking , including pouring boiling water into a preheated cast iron skillet set on the lowest rack of your oven just after loading the loaf.if you 're a baker who prefers the `` cold start '' method : place the loaf and lidded pot in the center of the cold oven and turn the oven on to 450°f . remove the lid after 35 minutes . set the timer for 20 minutes and check the loaf periodically after that until it 's a rich , golden brown .
covered bakers and dutch ovens vary quite a bit , and consequently baking times will also vary . this recipe was tested with our staub dutch oven , which bakes relatively quickly . if you 're using a ceramic baker you may need to bake the bread longer than the recipe indicates .


classic 100 % whole wheat bread

who says whole wheat bread has to be dense , dry , and tasteless ? this 100 % whole wheat recipe features the delightfully nutty taste of wheat in a fine-grained , moist , faintly sweet loaf .

227 to 255 g lukewarm water*
50 g vegetable oil
85 g honey , molasses , or maple syrup
397 g kking arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour , white whole wheat flour , or organic white whole wheat flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast , or 1 packet active dry yeast dissolved in 2 tablespoons of the water in the recipe
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dried milk
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
*use the greater amount in winter or in a dry climate ; the lesser amount in summer or a humid climate .

in a large bowl , combine all of the ingredients and stir until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . for easiest , most effective kneading , let the dough rest for 20 to 30 minutes in the bowl ; this gives the flour a chance to absorb some of the liquid , and the bran to soften . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface , oil your hands , and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes , or until it begins to become smooth and supple . ( you may also knead this dough in an electric mixer or food processor , or in a bread machine programmed for `` dough '' or `` manual . '' ) note : this dough should be soft , yet still firm enough to knead . adjust its consistency with additional water or flour , if necessary . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or large measuring cup , cover it , and allow the dough to rise till puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 to 2 hours , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place the log in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cover the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the bread to rise for about 1 to 2 hours , or till the center has crowned about 1 '' above the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after 20 minutes to prevent over-browning . the finished loaf will register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . if desired , rub the crust with a stick of butter ; this will yield a soft , flavorful crust . cool completely before slicing . store the bread in a plastic bag at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

why the range of water in the dough ? a lot depends on the weather , the season , and how you measure flour . you 'll need the lesser amount of water in the summer ; or when it 's humid/stormy ; if you measure flour by weight ; or if you sprinkle your flour into the measuring cup , then level it off . you 'll need the greater amount of water in winter ; when it 's dry out , and the humidity is low ; or if you measure flour by dipping your cup into the canister , then leveling it off . the liquid sweetener you choose makes a difference . molasses produces the darkest loaf , one with old-fashioned flavor . honey yields a lighter , milder loaf . maple syrup makes a less-sweet loaf — unless you use real maple syrup , in which case it 'll be similar to a loaf made with honey , albeit with a faint hint of maple.if you 're someone who tends to taste whole wheat as somewhat bitter , try substituting 1/4 cup of orange juice for 1/4 cup of the water in this recipe . a bit of orange juice tones down whole wheat 's somewhat tannic taste .


turkey chili hand pies

hand pies are part of a growing trend of old-becomes-new-again recipes taking the country by storm . at their most basic , they are sweet or savory fillings in pastry or pie dough , small enough to be held in the hand for on-the-go enjoyment.these hand pies make the most of leftover turkey from your holiday roast , blending meat , tomato , cheese and spices into a zesty , flavorful filling surrounded with an incredibly flaky crust . before you know it , you 'll want one for each hand !

one recipe quick flaky pastry or your favorite pie dough
283 g shredded cooked turkey
142 g diced onion
2 cloves garlic , minced
1 tablespoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper
425 g ground tomatoes
113 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese
1 to 2 tablespoons tomato paste , as needed

prepare your flaky pastry or pie dough recipe and set aside to chill for at least 30 minutes . this can be made the day before if desired . keep chilled until ready to use . prepare the turkey chili . begin by sautéing the onion and garlic in a small amount of water or oil . when the onion begins to turn opaque , stir in the chili powder , cumin , salt and pepper . continue to sauté for 1 minute , until the mixture is very fragrant . add the tomatoes and cooked turkey , bring to a boil , and reduce the heat to low . simmer for 10 minutes . stir in the cheese and check for consistency . if the chili seems on the wet side , add a tablespoon or two of tomato paste to thicken it up . as a filling , it will need to be slightly thicker than regular-in-the-bowl chili . simmer for another 10 minutes . remove from the heat , transfer to a large bowl , and place in the fridge until cooled . when you 're ready to bake , preheat the oven to 375°f . roll the crust 1/4 '' thick and cut circles with a biscuit cutter or other round cutter . you can cut any size up to 6 '' . depending on the size of the circle , place a few tablespoons of cooled chili to the left of center , then fold the crust over the chili to make a half-moon shape . use a touch of water to seal the seam , and press firmly with a fork to complete the seal . place several hand pies on a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake for 15 to 30 minutes , again depending on the size of the pies . when done , the crust will be golden all over and sizzling . serve hot with fresh salsa , salsa verde , sour cream , and your other favorite toppings .




classic american salt-rising bread

this recipe comes to us courtesy of the late bernard clayton , a fine gentleman and author whose books we 've long admired . we 've made a few minor changes , but a very similar version of this recipe appears in bernard clayton 's new complete book of breads . clayton , in turn , cited its publication by the ladies aid society of the first presbyterian church of polson , montana , in 1912 . now , we 're pleased to pass it along to you . this traditional american bread recipe , made without yeast , is worth saving — and savoring . we urge you to read this recipe start to finish before beginning , in order to plan a timeline . we also suggest you read our `` tips , '' below — so you 're not surprised by the bread 's unusual aroma as it rises and bakes .

starter 1

57 g milk
14 g cornmeal
1 teaspoon sugar

starter 2

227 g hot water ( 120°f to 130°f )
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon sugar
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

57 g soft butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
269 g to 298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make starter 1 : heat the milk until it 's nearly but not quite boiling ; small bubbles will form around the edge of the pan ( or microwave container ) , and you might see a bit of steam . this is called `` scalding '' the milk . cool the milk until it 's lukewarm , then whisk together the milk , cornmeal , and sugar in a small heatproof container . the container should be large enough to let the starter expand a bit . whisking vigorously will help prevent lumps . cover the container with plastic wrap , and place it somewhere warm , between 90°f and 100°f . we find our turned-off electric oven , with the light turned on for about 2 hours ahead of time , holds a temperature of 95°f to 97°f , perfect for this starter . let the starter rest in its warm place overnight , or for 8 to 12 hours . it wo n't expand much , but will develop a bubbly foam on its surface . it 'll also smell a bit fermented . if it does n't bubble at all , and does n't smell fermented , your starter has failed ; try again , using different cornmeal , or finding a warmer spot . to make starter 2 : combine the hot water ( 120°f to 130°f ) with the salt , baking soda , and sugar , stirring to combine . add the flour , stirring until everything is thoroughly moistened . stir starter 1 into starter 2 . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and place it in the same warm spot starter 1 was in . let it rest until very bubbly and doubled in size , 2 to 4 hours . if it 's not showing any bubbles after a couple of hours , move it somewhere warmer . if it still does n't bubble after a couple of hours , give it up ; you 'll need to start over . transfer your bubbly starter to a larger bowl , or the bowl of a stand mixer ( or your bread machine bucket ) . stir in the soft butter , salt , and flour . knead until smooth ; the dough will be soft , and fairly elastic/stretchy . shape the dough into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and place it back in its warm spot . let the loaf rise until it 's crowned about 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' over the rim of the pan , which could take up to 4 hours or so . this wo n't form the typical large , domed top ; it will rise straight up , with just a slight dome . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's nicely browned . again , it wo n't rise much ; that 's ok . remove the bread from the oven ; if you have a digital thermometer , it should read about 190°f to 200°f at its center . wait 5 minutes , then turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . store cooled bread at room temperature for 5 to 7 days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

if you 've never made salt-rising bread , please be prepared to trust us through some of the following procedures . yes , it 's supposed to smell that way . yes , it 's very important to keep the starter warm . if you 're willing to take on a challenge ( which this will be , if you live in a drafty house in a cold climate ) , the end result will be a distinctively flavored , fine-grained loaf of bread that will stay fresh for almost a week ; and makes wonderful toast , as well . the bread 's aroma is redolent of cheese , but there 's no cheese in this bread ; the flavor comes from the slight fermentation of the ingredients , during the bread 's preparation . speaking of fermentation , be prepared ; the starter and dough will smell like ... dirty socks ? old sneakers mixed with parmesan cheese ? somewhat unpleasant , anyway , but please bear with it — it 's just the enzymes and bacteria doing their jobs and giving the bread its special qualities . if you 've ever made cheese or yogurt , you know exactly what we mean.can you double this recipe ? thanks to our intrepid readers , who tested this out for us , yes . one reader reports having better results with the doubled recipe when cooling the scalded milk in starter # 1 to lukewarm before combining with the cornmeal , so keep that in mind .


stuffing buns

the flavor of these sage-scented yeast buns will remind you of mildly herbed turkey stuffing . they manage to be simultaneously hearty , and soft . the heartiness comes from the harvest grains blend , our proprietary mix of seeds and grains ; the softness , from milk , potato , and oil . serve these as a dinner roll ; a sandwich roll ( they make great turkey sandwiches ) ; or cut them up to use as the base for your stuffing .

284 g lukewarm water
50 g vegetable oil
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour , organic preferred
74 g harvest grains blend
2 1/2 teaspoons bell 's seasoning or ground sage
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
11 g sugar
46 g potato flour or dry potato flakes
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter , melted , optional , for brushing on buns

combine all the ingredients , and mix and knead them by hand , mixer , or bread machine until cohesive and fairly smooth ( considering the seeds ) . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's noticeably puffy . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface , and divide it into 16 pieces . round each piece into a smooth ball . place the shaped buns about 1 '' apart in a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan , two 9 '' round pans , 11 '' x 11 '' pan , or equivalent . cover the pan , and let the rolls rise for 1 hour , or until they 're touching one another and starting to fill the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 30 to 35 minutes , until they 're golden brown on top . remove them from the oven , and brush with melted butter , if desired ; this will keep their crust soft . store in a plastic bag at room temperature for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

substitute 1/4 cup ( 1 1/4 ounces , 35g ) sunflower seeds and 1/4 cup ( 1 1/4 ounces , 35g ) toasted sesame seeds for the harvest grains blend , if desired .


white chocolate-cinnamon bread

some of the white chips melt in this dough , contributing to the smooth texture of this bread , while other chips stay whole , giving you a potent burst of the flavor of white chocolate with each bite .

113 g milk , lukewarm
113 g water , lukewarm
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons cinnamon
28 g unsalted butter
361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
227 g white chocolate chips
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

place all of the ingredients , except the white chocolate , into the pan of your bread machine and program for the basic cycle , light crust ( if possible ) . check the dough after 10 to 15 minutes of kneading ; it should have formed a smooth ball , soft , but not sticky . if necessary , adjust the dough 's consistency with additional water or flour . add the white chocolate when the machine signals , or about 3 minutes before the end of the kneading cycle . when the kneading cycle stops , check and see if all the chips have been kneaded in ; if not , take the dough out of the machine , and knead in any remaining chips by hand . return the bread to the machine , and allow it to complete its cycle .

tips from our bakers

chocolate breads , rich in fat and sugar , are never an exact science in the bread machine . if desired , use your machine 's dough or manual cycle , adding the chips at the end of the second kneading cycle . then , at the conclusion of the dough or manual cycle , remove the dough , shape it as you wish , let it rise until it 's just about doubled in size , and bake it in a 350°f oven for about 35 minutes . check the loaf after 20 minutes of baking , as its high sugar content will cause early browning .


refrigerator dough for quick soft rolls

throw refrigerator dough together in the morning or evening , or whenever you have a few spare moments . the small amount of yeast allows the dough to keep in the fridge for up to 5 days without developing a `` sour '' taste . we kept one batch for 6 days ; the rolls were a little denser , but still tasted good .

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons salt
57 g unsalted butter
64 g potato flour or 28 g dried potato buds
53 g baker 's special dry milk or 32 g non-fat dry milk
340 g water
1 teaspoon instant yeast

to make by hand or in a mixer : combine all of the ingredients and mix until cohesive . knead the dough , by hand or mixer , until it 's smooth , about 5 to 10 minutes , adding up to 4 tablespoons additional water if needed . the dough will become shiny and elastic , but should stay very soft , since it firms up quite a bit in the refrigerator . to make in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine . program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . check the dough after about 15 minutes ; it should be smooth-looking , but very soft . add additional water or flour as needed . cancel the machine after the final kneading cycle . place the kneaded dough in a greased bowl , cover it , and refrigerate at least overnight , or for up to 5 days . to shape the rolls : remove the dough from the refrigerator , fold it over gently a few times , and cut off the desired amount for the number of rolls you want . you 'll need about 1 1/2 to 2 ounces dough per dinner roll ( golf-ball sized pieces ) ; about 4 1/2 ounces per hamburger bun ( a ball of dough about 2 1/2 '' in diameter ) ; or 3 ounces per hotdog bun ( about 2 1/4 '' in diameter ) . return the remaining dough to the refrigerator . to form dinner rolls : shape the pieces into balls , then roll them under your lightly cupped fingers on an unfloured work surface to make smooth balls . to form hamburger buns , shape each piece into a smooth ball , and flatten the balls until they 're about 4 '' in diameter , trying to keep the tops of the rolls smooth ; the nicer the top looks at this point , the nicer it will turn out to be once it 's baked . to form hotdog buns : roll the balls into cylinders 5 1/2 '' in length . flatten the cylinders slightly ; dough rises more in the center , so this will give the buns gently rounded tops . place the shaped rolls onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover them , and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until they 're very puffy . note that these rolls need to rise longer than rolls made from unrefrigerated dough ; be sure to leave yourself sufficient time for this extra rise . preheat the oven to 375°f for rolls , or to 350°f for hamburger or hotdog buns . bake the dinner rolls for 15 to 18 minutes . bake the hamburger or hotdog buns for 20 to 22 minutes . the rolls or buns will be golden brown when done . store the rolls in plastic for 3 days at room temperature , or for 3 months in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

if you plan to use the dough within 12 hours or so , knead it and then let it rise at room temperature for 1 hour before refrigerating.use up to 4 tablespoons sugar ( 2 ounces ) if you prefer a sweeter roll .


tropical treat sweet bread

milk and butter make this loaf soft and tender , while dried pineapple and coconut give it `` tropical '' flavor .

113 g lukewarm milk
2 large eggs
57 g butter , soft
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g coconut milk powder
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon coconut flavor or orange oil , or 1/8 teaspoon fiori de sicilia
64 g dried apricots , diced
71 g dried pineapple , diced
57 g unsweetened coconut
57 g diced nuts ( macadamia , walnuts , or pecans )

combine the milk , eggs , butter , flour , coconut milk powder , yeast , sugar , and salt . mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , shiny dough . knead in the fruit and nuts , then form the dough into a ball . place in a greased bowl , cover , and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours , until it 's puffy . lightly grease one-quart souffle pan , or a large brioche mold . turn the dough onto a greased or floured work surface , and form into a ball . place it , smooth side up , in your pan . cover the loaf with a piece of greased plastic . let the loaf rise for about 1 1/2 hours , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . toward the end of the rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until deeply browned . remove it from the oven , and leave in the pan for about 10 minutes before turning it out onto a rack to cool completely . dust with confectioners ' sugar before serving .

tips from our bakers

instead of a single large loaf , you can divide the dough into four pieces , place them in four mini brioche molds , and bake for about 25 to 30 minutes , until golden brown.to make an apricot-orange sweet bread , omit the coconut milk powder , pineapple , and coconut , and substitute orange oil or fiori di sicilia for the coconut flavor . increase the dried apricots to 1 1/2 cups .


golden cheese bread

this pull-apart bread includes whole wheat flour to add a bit of character and nutrition to the loaf . melted cheddar cheese , laced throughout and on top , makes it super-tempting — and a great party dish !

dough

227 g lukewarm water
57 g softened or sliced butter
177 g sir lancelot unbleached hi-gluten flour
170 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
14 g sugar
28 g baker 's special dry milk
39 g vermont cheese powder , optional but good
4 teaspoons pizza dough flavor
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
3/4 teaspoon onion powder , optional but good
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
*reduce the salt to 1 teaspoon if you use the cheese powder .

filling and topping

152 g shredded cheese : pizza blend , mozzarella , cheddar , or the cheese of your choice
35 g melted butter

combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing and kneading to make a smooth , fairly soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or large ( 8-cup ) measure , cover it , and let it rise till very puffy , though not necessarily doubled ; about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into chestnut-sized ( about 1 '' ) pieces . do n't be too fussy here ; the pieces do n't have to be exactly the same size , nor do they need to be rolled into balls . dividing the dough into half , then each piece into half again , etc . works well ; you want to end up with 64 pieces of dough , more or less . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan , and line the bottom with parchment or foil . grease the parchment or foil . place 16 dough pieces in the bottom of the pan , putting them close together . sprinkle with 1/3 cup of the shredded cheese . drizzle or brush with some of the melted butter . place another 16 pieces of dough atop the first layer . sprinkle with 1/3 cup cheese , and drizzle or brush with some more of the melted butter . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough , making two more layers . brush the top layer with butter , but do n't sprinkle with cheese ; that 'll be added after the loaf is baked . cover the pan , and let the bread rise for 30 to 60 minutes , till it 's slightly crowned over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 20 minutes . tent it lightly with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and immediately loosen the edges with a table knife or heatproof spatula . wait 2 minutes , and turn it out of the pan onto a baking sheet . carefully turn it right side up , sprinkle the top with the remaining 1/3 cup cheese , and return it to the oven for about 2 minutes , just till the cheese softens and starts to melt . remove the bread from the oven , and serve warm . yield : 8 to 10 servings .

tips from our bakers

want to prepare the bread ahead ? bake it for 25 minutes , till it 's set but not completely baked through . remove it from the oven , cool completely , wrap airtight , and freeze till you want to serve it . prior to serving , remove it from the freezer , and place it into a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' pan . let the bread thaw at room temperature for 2 hours , or until it 's thawed all the way through . tent with aluminum foil , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 15 minutes . turn it out of the pan onto a baking sheet , sprinkle with 1/3 cup cheese , and bake for an additional minute or two , till the cheese has barely melted .


potato bread perfect for toast

this recipe is based on a recipe of elizabeth david 's , an iconic english food writer . as elizabeth says , `` usually associated with times of grain shortage , or with a need for strict economy in the kitchen , potato bread is also advocated by some nineteenth-century writers as being the best bread for toast . '' david also quotes a `` doctor a . hunter , '' who wrote in 1805 , `` ... lovers of toast and butter will be much pleased with this kind of bread . the potato is not here added with a view to economy , but to increase the lightness of the bread , in which state it will imbibe the butter with more freedom ... ''

340 g lukewarm water*
35 g baker 's special dry milk or non-fat dry milk
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g vegetable oil
170 g mashed potato**
510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*reduce the water to 1 1/3 cups water during the summer , or if you 're in a humid climate .
**see `` tips , '' below .

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or using the dough cycle on a bread machine — to make a smooth , very soft dough . do n't be tempted to add more flour ; slack dough is what will give the bread its open structure , which makes it able to `` imbibe the butter with more freedom . '' transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's noticeably puffy . if you started this dough in your bread machine , transfer it to a bowl to rise ; you do n't want to risk `` dough overflow , '' as this is a larger-than-usual amount of flour for the typical machine . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured surface , and gently deflate it . the dough is very slack , so you wo n't be able to shape it into a log ; simply pat it into a greased 13 '' x 4 '' pain de mie pan , or a 10 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and let the loaf rise for 45 minutes to an hour , or until it 's puffy . if you 're using a pain de mie pan , the dough should come to within about 1/2 '' of the pan 's rim . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . if you 're using a pain de mie pan , add the lid and slide it shut . bake the loaf for 35 minutes . remove the lid and bake for another 10 minutes . the 10 '' x 5 '' loaf will bake for about the same amount of time : 45 minutes or so . when done , the bread will be golden brown , and its interior temperature at the center will be at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 to 10 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . store the bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

you can use mashed potato flakes , following the directions on the box . but it 's just as easy to put a large , thoroughly pricked baking potato ( such as an idaho ) in your microwave oven , microwave for 3 minutes , then turn over and microwave for a further 3 minutes . let the potato cool , peel it , and mash it . this is pretty simple , and the flavor is significantly better .


lemon sour cream bread

lemon and almond combine in this tender yeast loaf ; it 's lovely toasted , with fresh strawberry or raspberry preserves .

113 g sour cream
28 g water
28 g butter
1 tablespoon lemon zest
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g almond flour or very finely ground almonds
35 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
3 large eggs
1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia , or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil , or 1 teaspoon lemon zest

warm the sour cream and water to lukewarm in a microwave , or over very low heat , stirring constantly . add the butter and stir until it has melted . in another bowl , whisk together the lemon zest , flour , almond flour or almonds , sugar , yeast , and salt . add the dry ingredients to the sour cream mixture , then mix in the eggs and flavor ( or additional zest ) . stir until the mixture becomes cohesive , then cover the bowl and set it aside for 15 minutes . knead the dough — by hand , electric mixer , food processor or bread machine — until it 's smooth and elastic , adding a small amount of water or flour to make a smooth dough , if needed . place it in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and set the dough aside to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until it 's doubled in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface and knead it gently a few times . form it into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it 's almost even with the top of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 45 minutes , or until its internal temperature registers 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , then remove it from the pan ( s ) after 5 minutes , and let it cool completely on a rack . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you 're using a bread machine , as long as the butter is n't super-cold you can skip stirring it into the sour cream . just put the ingredients into the bucket of the machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . you may also choose to bake the bread right in the machine . instead of programming for dough , program for basic or white bread .


alexandra 's crescents

these soft , rich crescent rolls go perfectly with a bowl of hot soup on a cold winter 's day .

170 g warm water
92 g vegetable shortening
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon sweet dough flavor or fiori di sicilia or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon ground coriander
113 g honey
2 large eggs
2 1/4 teaspoons saf gold instant yeast or 1 tablespoon instant yeast
421 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g to 43 g butter or margarine , melted
milk , for brushing the rolls

combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . place in a lightly greased bowl and allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . lightly grease ( or line with parchment paper ) two baking sheets . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface . divide the dough in half . roll each half into a large , 1/2 '' thick circle , and lightly brush each circle with melted butter or margarine . cut each circle into 16 wedges . starting with the wide end , roll each wedge into a crescent . place the crescents , points tucked underneath , on the baking sheets , cover them , and allow them to rise until nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . while the crescents are rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the crescents lightly with milk , and bake them for 12 to 15 minutes , or until they 're lightly browned . remove them from the oven , and cool them on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up a month .

tips from our bakers

note : dough can be refrigerated for up to 2 days before shaping and baking .


blueberry and raspberry charlotte with custard sauce

an old-fashioned treat that deserves to be rekindled , a charlotte incorporates leftover slices of bread layered with imperfect — but still quite delicious — berries , then baked in a mold . it 's served with a creamy custard sauce . a charlotte 's next-of-kin is a betty , which is thickened with crumbs , not slices .

charlotte

340 g blueberries
241 g raspberries
135 g sugar
21 g quick-cooking tapioca
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
57 g butter , optional
340 g to 383 g of hearty homemade bread

custard sauce

1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
25 g sugar
pinch of salt
227 g milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

preheat your oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in two small saucepans , place the berries . to each add 1/3 cup sugar , 1 tablespoon tapioca , and 1 teaspoon lemon juice . heat for about 10 minutes or until the sugar is dissolved and the fruit has released its juice . stir in 2 tablespoons of butter ( optional ) . while the fruit is cooking , trim the slices of bread into squares , wasting as little as possible . cut each square into thirds so you have pieces about 1 '' x 3 '' . place bread on bottom and sides of the pan . the pieces on the sides should be upright . pour the raspberries on the first layer of bread . place a layer of bread slices on top of the raspberries . pour the blueberries on top of the second layer of bread slices . put a final layer of slices on top and sprinkle it gently with sugar . bake for 20 to 30 minutes . if you 're going to serve this hot , it 's best to serve it from the pan as it wo n't keep its shape if you turn it out . if you 'd like to chill it , once it 's cool , you can turn it out onto a serving platter . to make the custard sauce : beat the egg and yolk , sugar and salt together . in a double boiler , or very carefully in a saucepan , barely heat the milk . pour a little into the egg mixture , blend it together and pour this back into the saucepan . cook slowly , stirring with a wire whisk without letting it come to a boil or it will curdle . when it begins to thicken , remove the pan from heat and stir occasionally to cool it and prevent it from developing a skin . if it does curdle , use an immersion blender to smooth it out . add the flavoring . serve warm over the chilled charlotte . store both the charlotte and the sauce in the fridge for up to 4 days .




herb bread with biga gone wild

a biga is a pre-fermented dough that the french call pâte fermentée . it 's started with a tiny bit of yeast , and allowed to work for several hours . the advantage of making a biga is that because it ferments for a long time , it adds flavor and character to the bread you make with it . bigas work well in lean doughs , doughs used to make baguettes and country-style breads , but what would it do in a more conventional ( american-type ) loaf ? here is a recipe that resulted from a little experimentation .

biga

198 g water
78 g pumpernickel
135 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
the biga left in a container previously used , 14 g ( or , if you do n't have any leftover biga , 1/4 teaspoon commercial yeast )

dough

340 g water
71 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk , optional , for a mellower flavor
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g olive oil
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
482 g to 539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon fresh dill weed , minced ( or 1 teaspoon dried )
2 tablespoons fresh rosemary , minced ( or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried )
198 g to 227 g vidalia or other sweet onion , chopped

to make the biga : in a small mixing bowl , combine all of the biga ingredients , cover , and set aside for 8 to 12 hours . to make the dough : combine the biga and all of the dough ingredients except the onion — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading until the dough begins to smooth out . add in the onion near the end of the kneading process . if using a bread machine , remove the dough at the end of the kneading cycle . lightly grease the bowl , place the dough in it , cover , and let it rest/rise for about 45 minutes . take out the dough , gently deflate it by folding it in onto itself , turn it over , and place it back in the bowl . let it continue to rise for a further 45 minutes to an hour . when the dough has not quite doubled in size , take it out of the bowl and place it on a lightly floured surface . cut it in half . you can shape each half to make loaves in 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pans ; you can make free-form boules , or you can a sandwich loaf and a boule ( for those of you who have trouble making choices , or just like to fill your breadbox with a variety of different shapes ) . let the loaves rise until they 're emerging over the top edge of the pan ( in the case of the pan loaves ) , or until the boules appear fully ( but not overly ) expanded . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f for pan loaves , or 425°f for boules or hearth-style breads . bake the pan loaves for about 35 minutes . for boules , bake in approximately the same length of time . the boule will be crustier , more of a `` country '' loaf . remove the bread from the oven and , if it 's in a pan , turn it out of the pan . cool the loaves on a wire rack . store well-wrapped at room temperature for up to 5 days , or frozen for 3 months .




swedish tea ring

in sweden this tea ring is most often enjoyed at christmas time . think cinnamon roll in the shape of a ring . this — and many european pastries — are n't as over-the-top decadent as the typical american sticky buns , cream-filled layer cakes , and gooey fudge brownies . if you 're after a classic swedish tea ring , this is it ; for a more `` americanized '' version , see `` tips from our bakers , '' below .

dough

227 g milk
50 g sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoon instant yeast , saf gold instant yeast preferred

filling

39 g sugar
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon instant clearjel , optional ; to keep the filling from seeping out during baking
43 g unsalted butter , melted
57 g chopped walnuts
85 g cinnamon chips

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . let rise , covered , for 1 hour . to make the filling : stir together the sugar , cinnamon , and clearjel , then add the melted butter . combine the walnuts and cinnamon chips separately . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and roll it into a 12 '' x 18 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the dough . top with the walnuts and chips . starting with one long side , roll the dough into a log and form it into a ring , pinching the edges together to seal . place the ring on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . using a pair of scissors , cut two-thirds of the way into the edge of the ring at 2 '' intervals . turn each cut section onto its side . cover and let rise for 30 to 45 minutes , until puffy . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the tea ring for about 25 minutes , until golden ; tent it with foil after 15 to 20 minutes if it 's browning too quickly . remove the loaf from the oven , and carefully transfer it to a rack to cool . yield : 1 ring .

tips from our bakers

for an added touch of decadence , make a glaze with 1 cup glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract , and 3 tablespoons cream or 2 to 3 tablespoons water or milk . drizzle the glaze over the warm tea ring .
for a sweeter , richer , more cinnamon-y treat , add 2 tablespoons butter to the dough ; and double the amount of sugar , cinnamon , instant clearjel , and butter in the filling .


banana bread

banana bread is oh-so-simple ... yet like many simple recipes , requires a few out of the ordinary ingredients to bring it from potentially boring to memorable . a hint of spice , honey for sweetness and moist texture , and one final toucha few spoonfuls of jamdistinguish this tasty bread from run-of-the-mill versions . our guarantee : this moist , dense banana bread is a deep golden brown , with mild-to-medium banana flavor and a light touch of spice . baking gluten-free ? for great results , substitute king arthur gluten-free measure for measure flour for the all-purpose flour in this recipe ; no other changes needed . from amaranth to teff , ancient grains offer a world of baking possibilities . find out how to make this recipe using ancient grains in our complete guide to baking with ancient grains .

113 g unsalted butter , at cool room temperature
142 g brown sugar , light or dark , firmly packed
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
340 g mashed ripe bananas ( about 1 pound , unpeeled )
64 g apricot jam or orange marmalade , optional but tasty
85 g honey
2 large eggs
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or gluten-free measure for measure flour
57 g chopped walnuts , optional

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan ; or a 12 '' x 4 '' tea loaf pan . in a large bowl , combine the butter , sugar , vanilla , cinnamon , nutmeg , baking soda , baking powder , and salt , beating till smooth . add the mashed bananas , jam , honey , and eggs , again beating until smooth . add the flour , then the walnuts , stirring just until smooth . spoon the batter into the prepared loaf pan , smoothing the top . let it rest at room temperature for 10 minutes . bake the bread for 45 minutes , then gently lay a piece of aluminum foil across the top , to prevent over-browning . bake for an additional 25 minutes ( 20 minutes if you 're baking in a tea loaf pan ) . remove the bread from the oven ; a long toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center should come out clean , with at most a few wet crumbs clinging to it . the tester should n't show any sign of uncooked batter . if it does , bake the bread an additional 5 minutes , or until it tests done . allow the bread to cool for 10 minutes in the pan . remove it from the pan , and cool it completely on a rack .

tips from our bakers

be sure to use ripe bananas ; their peels should be bright yellow , with no green showing at all , and beginning to turn brown . for more pronounced banana flavor , use extra-ripe bananas , ones whose peels are mostly black-brown.an easy way to mash bananas is to peel , cut into chunks , and place in a zip-top plastic bag , leaving about 1/4 '' open at the top of the bag for air to escape . gently knead/flatten/squash the banana chunks with your fingers.for a reduced-sugar version of this bread , cut the brown sugar in half , to 1/3 cup . for an even greater reduction , use just 2 tablespoons brown sugar . each version will retain its moist texture , and taste fine — simply less sweet , more banana-y.our gluten-free measure for measure flour makes it easy to make many of your favorite traditional recipes ( like this one ) gluten-free . simply substitute measure for measure flour 1:1 for the flour called for in your recipe ; no additional ingredients or other changes needed .
to make banana bread french toast : cut your several-day-old loaf into 3/4 '' -thick slices . dip the slices into your favorite french toast batter , and cook in a skillet or on a griddle . for added crunch , crush 2 to 3 cups of cornflakes in a wide shallow dish , and dip both sides of your battered banana bread slices into the flakes before cooking.interested in learning more about ancient grains — and how to use them ? see our complete guide to baking with ancient grains .


deli rye rolls

these soft , savory rolls are equally delicious in the dinner bread basket , or for sandwiches .

dough

21 g minced dried onions
340 g lukewarm water
25 g vegetable oil
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
135 g pumpernickel flour
1 tablespoon king arthur whole-grain bread improver or vital wheat gluten
2 teaspoons deli rye flavor , optional but delicious
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

topping

28 g everything bread and bagel topping , or poppy seeds

soften the dried onions in the water for 30 minutes or so . add the remaining dough ingredients , and mix and knead by hand , mixer , or bread machine , until you 've made a slightly sticky , shiny dough . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise in a warm spot for 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hours , until almost doubled . transfer the dough to a lightly greased or floured work surface and divide it into 12 pieces . roll each piece into a ball , and dip the tops into seeds . if the dough is dry , spritz with water and sprinkle with seeds . cover and let rise 30 minutes to 1 hour , until almost doubled in size . preheat the oven to 375°f while the rolls are rising . bake the rolls for 15 to 20 minutes , until they sound hollow when tapped and feel firm to the touch ; their internal temperature should be at least 190°f . remove the rolls from the oven , and cool on a rack . store cooled rolls wrapped in plastic , at room temperature . yield : 12 rolls .

tips from our bakers

for deeper color , add 1 tablespoon cocoa powder to the dough along with the flours .


easy pumpkin bread

whenever we have a company gathering , this pumpkin bread is one of the first things to disappear . super-moist and packed with flavor , it can be made into a simple pumpkin loaf ; or enhanced with chocolate chips and/or nuts . or raisins . or cinnamon chips . or ...

198 g vegetable oil
528 g granulated sugar
4 large eggs
425 g canned pumpkin ( not pumpkin pie filling )
152 g water
400 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
113 g chopped walnuts or pecans , optional
255 g chocolate chips , optional
coarse white sugar for sprinkling on top , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans ( if you 're making the plain version of the bread ) ; two 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pans ( if you 're adding chocolate chips and nuts ) ; or one of each , if you 're making one plain loaf , and one loaf with chips and nuts . in a large bowl , beat together the oil , sugar , eggs , pumpkin , and water . add the flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , nutmeg , and vanilla , stirring to combine . mix in the chips and nuts , if you 're using them . to make one loaf with chips/nuts , one loaf without , divide the batter in half . leave one half plain , and add 3/4 cup chips and 1/2 cup nuts to the other half . spoon the batter into the prepared pans . sprinkle the tops of the loaves with coarse sparkling sugar , if desired . bake the bread for 60 to 80 minutes , or until a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean ; and that same tester inserted about 1/2 '' into the top of the loaf does n't encounter any totally unbaked batter . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . when it 's completely cool , wrap it well in plastic wrap , and store it overnight before serving . yield : 2 loaves .

tips from our bakers

can you use your own homemade puréed pumpkin ? sure . just be aware that it 'll probably be thinner than canned pumpkin , so you 'd want to add a bit more flour . results may vary ... want to add a simple icing ? just before serving , drizzle with a mixture of 1 cup confectioners ' or glazing sugar , 2 tablespoons melted butter , and 1 tablespoon milk .

how about making gift loaves ? this recipe makes eight 3 '' x 5 '' loaves , with the addition of the chips and nuts . bake the loaves for about 45 to 60 minutes ; start testing at 45 minutes , and remove from the oven when a toothpick inserted into the center of one of the loaves comes out free of crumbs.variation : substitute diced crystallized ginger ( mini diced ginger ) , golden raisins , or dried cranberries for the chocolate chips and/or nuts .


onion rolls

unlike the famous bialy , these onion rolls have the filling tucked inside a soft dough .

sponge

2 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g lukewarm water
25 g sugar
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

113 g milk
1 large egg
50 g vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
241 g to 298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

28 g butter or margarine
312 g peeled , chopped onions
7 g poppy seeds , optional

topping

28 g butter , melted
poppy seeds , optional

to make the sponge : in a large bowl , or in the bucket of a bread machine , mix together the yeast , lukewarm water , sugar and 1 cup of the flour . let the sponge sit until bubbly , about 30 minutes . to make the dough : combine all the dough ingredients with the sponge — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — and mix and knead until the dough is smooth and supple . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's almost doubled in bulk . to make the filling : while the dough is rising , prepare the onions . melt the butter in a large frying pan and add the onions . sauté them over low-to-medium heat until they 're soft and barely golden , about 20 minutes . remove them from the heat and set them aside . stir in 1 tablespoon poppy seeds , if desired . to shape the rolls : gently deflate the dough , and turn it out onto a lightly floured or oiled work surface . divide it into eight pieces . flatten each piece into a rough rectangle approximately 4 '' by 7 '' . spoon 1/8 of the onion mixture in a strip down the `` short center '' of each dough rectangle ( i.e. , spoon filling the short way across the dough , not the long way ) . fold both sides of dough over the onions and pinch together to seal all around , making eight rolls which are each approximately 4 '' long by 2 1/2 '' wide . place the rolls , about an inch apart , on a lightly greased ( or parchment-lined ) baking sheet , and cover . set them in a warm place to rise until puffy , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 500°f . gently brush the rolls with a little melted butter , then sprinkle with poppy seeds , if desired . bake the rolls for 10 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . this quick baking at a high temperature makes rolls that are golden brown outside , but still very soft inside . store them in a plastic bag . these rolls are actually better , in taste and texture , if they 're allowed to `` ripen '' overnight . freeze for up to 3 months .




a smaller pain de mie

pain de mie is a fine-textured , moist bread baked in a special lidded pan . the lid keeps the loaf from crowning , giving it a flat top and perfectly square-edged slices . for toast ( and french toast ) , sandwiches ( including our favorite , grilled cheese ) , and the best bread-and-butter ever , you simply ca n't beat pain de mie . while most pain de mie recipes call for a traditional 13 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' pan , this one is perfect for our smaller 9 '' x 4 '' pan . if you have the larger pan , see our recipe for classic pain de mie .

198 to 227 g lukewarm water*
32 g honey
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
28 g soft butter
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk powder
*use the lesser amount in a humid environment or during the summer ; the greater amount in a dry climate , or during the winter .

mix all of the ingredients in the order listed , and mix and knead — by hand , or using a stand mixer — to make a smooth dough . it wo n't be particularly soft nor stiff ; it should be smooth and feel bouncy and elastic under your hands . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , or large ( 8-cup ) measuring cup . cover it , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , till it 's become quite puffy , though not necessarily doubled in size . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a 9 '' log . place it in a lightly greased 9 '' pain de mie pan . cover the top of the pan with plastic wrap , to protect the dough as it rises . let the dough rise for about 60 minutes , till it 's within about 1/2 '' of the top edge of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . remove the plastic wrap , and slide the greased lid onto the pan . bake the bread for 25 minutes . remove the lid , and bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes , till it 's a rich golden brown . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will read 195°f to 200°f . if you prefer a lighter-colored crust , tent the loaf with foil as soon as you remove the pan lid . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out onto a rack to cool . when completely cool , wrap in plastic , and store at room temperature . yield : one 9 '' loaf , about 18 to 24 servings , depending on how you slice it .




sue 's favorite potato rolls

sue gray , a long-time king arthur flour employee-owner and creator of so many of our wonderful mixes and gluten-free products , says these rolls are a thanksgiving must-have in her house . `` butter in the dough plus extra butter brushed on once they 're baked really takes these over the top , '' says sue .

227 g lukewarm potato water*
1 large egg
2 teaspoons instant yeast
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
57 g unsalted butter , very soft ( plus a bit extra to brush on the tops of the rolls )
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
*water in which you 've boiled potatoes . if you do n't have potato water , use about 7/8 cup water plus 1/4 cup dried potato flakes .

whisk together the egg and potato water . place into a bowl , or the bucket of a bread machine , if you have one . `` that 's my favorite method of kneading yeast dough , '' says sue . add the soft butter . whisk together the remaining dry ingredients , stirring everything together as best you can . if you 're using a bread machine , just add the ingredients to the bucket . mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take 5 to 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , the dough should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans , or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide it into 16 pieces . shape each piece into a rough ball by pulling the dough into a very small knot at the bottom , then rolling it under the palm of your hand into a smooth ball . place eight rolls in each of the round cake pans ( or all 16 rolls in the 9 '' x 13 '' pan ) , spacing them evenly ; they wo n't touch one another . cover the pan ( s ) with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the rolls to rise till they 're very puffy , and have reached out and touched one another , about 1 hour . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls until they 're a deep golden brown on top , and lighter on the sides , 20 to 25 minutes . remove the rolls from the oven , and after 2 or 3 minutes , carefully transfer them to a rack . they 'll be hot and delicate , so be careful . brush with melted butter , if desired . serve warm , or at room temperature . yield : 16 rolls .

tips from our bakers

when boiling potatoes for mashed potatoes or potato salad , save the water in which they 're boiled ; it 's full of starch , and makes marvelously moist sandwich bread or dinner rolls . keep it in the fridge for 3-4 days ; for longer storage , freeze in 1-cup portions .


jewish rye bread

looking for a jewish rye bread recipe made the traditional way , with a rye sour and old bread soaker ? this jewish rye delivers tangy rye flavor and a moist , chewy crumb . it 's the perfect foundation for the thickest , juiciest deli sandwich you can assemble . please read this recipe all the way through before starting ; it 's good to understand right up front the time commitment , and there are several useful tips at the end . also , your successful execution of this recipe will be greatly enhanced if you read and reference its accompanying blog post , how to make jewish rye bread , along the way . the post includes numerous helpful photos illustrating preparation techniques .

rye sour

14 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
237 g organic pumpernickel flour
198 g room-temperature water ( 70°f )

old bread soaker

74 g cubed rye bread ( or other old/stale bread )
74 g cool water

dough

418 g king arthur organic all-purpose flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
425 g rye sour from above*
241 g water ( 80°f )
85 g old bread soaker from above , at room temperature
1 tablespoon caraway seeds ( optional )
1/2 teaspoon ground caraway seeds ( optional )
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
*the remaining rounded tablespoon of rye sour can either be discarded or used to start rye sourdough starter .

to make the rye sour : mix the ingredients until all the flour is fully moistened ; the mixture will be very stiff . place the sour in a nonreactive container , sprinkle with a light coating of pumpernickel flour , cover , and let rest for 13 to 16 hours , preferably at a temperature of 70°f . to make the old bread soaker : cut the bread into 1 '' cubes and place them in a lidded container . add the cool water , shaking the container to fully moisten the bread . store the mixture overnight in the refrigerator . next day , squeeze out the excess water and stir the bread until it breaks down and becomes the consistency of stiff oatmeal . measure out 1/3 cup ( 3 ounces , 85g ) , and bring to room temperature ( or warm briefly in the microwave ) . the remainder can be stored in the refrigerator for up to a week . to make the dough : place all of the dough ingredients in a mixing bowl . for best ( and easiest ) mixing and kneading , use a stand mixer ; see manual kneading directions in `` tips , '' below . using the dough hook , mix on lowest speed for 3 minutes , then speed 2 for 3 minutes . ideal dough temperature after mixing is 78°f . place the dough in an oiled bowl and cover . allow the dough to rise in a warm spot ( 78°f ) for 1 hour . deflate the dough ; for best technique , see our video , how to deflate risen dough . cover the dough and allow it to rest for 10 minutes on a floured surface , folded side up . preheat the oven and a baking stone ( if you have one ) for 1 hour at 460°f . for added steam , preheat a cast iron frying pan on the shelf below the stone for the same amount of time . shape the loaf into a bâtard , or football shape , taking care not to rip the surface of the dough . use flour on your hands and the table to help prevent sticking . pinch the bottom seam closed , if necessary . place the loaf on a lightly greased piece of parchment paper ; sprinkle the parchment with coarse cornmeal , if desired , before adding the loaf . cover and let rise for 40 to 45 minutes in a warm spot ( 78°f ) . spray or brush the top of the loaf with room-temperature water and sprinkle with caraway seeds , if desired . score the loaf with 5 horizontal cuts across the top of the loaf , holding the blade perpendicular to the surface of the loaf . the cuts should slightly diminish in length as they approach the tips of the loaf . carefully place the parchment onto a peel ( or the bottom on a baking sheet ) , and slide parchment and loaf onto the hot stone , partially covering the loaf with a stainless steel bowl ( see `` tips , '' below ) , to trap the rising steam . if you 're not baking on a stone , simply transfer the parchment and loaf to a baking sheet , and place in the oven — cover partially with a stainless steel bowl . pour 1/2 cup boiling water into the frying pan and shut the oven door ; this will create the steam necessary for a chewy , shiny crust . bake the bread for 10 minutes , then remove the bowl . reduce the oven temperature to 430°f , and bake for 30 to 35 more minutes , checking often for color . the finished loaf should be a deep golden brown when done ; its internal temperature should be at least 205°f . spray or brush the loaf with water again after removing it from the oven . cool the bread on a rack overnight before slicing .

tips from our bakers

this is difficult dough to knead by hand because it 's very sticky . if you 're up for the challenge , stir all the ingredients together in a bowl until the mixture forms a shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto an unfloured work surface . using a bowl scraper to help , knead by hand for 10 minutes , or until the dough is relatively smooth . scrape the kneading surface frequently to help prevent sticking ; the dough will continue to be sticky throughout the process . wetting your hands , rather than adding more flour , will help prevent sticking without making the dough too dry .
for best steam , cover the loaf with a large metal bowl , with the front of the bowl hanging over the front of the baking sheet or stone so the steam from the frying pan below can vent into the bowl . when you 're ready to remove the bowl , use a butter knife to lift it , then grip and remove .
once you 've baked this loaf , be sure to save a large slice in the freezer to make old bread soaker the next time you want to bake this recipe .


sweet potato cloverleaf buns

these deep orange yeasted buns are memorable , both in appearance and taste . the flavor of the potatoes , combined with just a touch of honey , give these buns a natural sweetness which is truly delicious . these are a natural for the thanksgiving dinner table .

213 g sweet potato , mashed ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 large egg , lightly beaten
43 g honey
28 g butter
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g water
361 g to 418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg white , lightly beaten with 1 teaspoon water , for glaze

place the sweet potato , egg , honey , butter and salt in a large bowl and mix well . add the yeast and water , then stir in just enough flour to make a soft dough . turn the dough onto a floured work surface and knead , adding more flour if necessary , until smooth and elastic ( about 10 minutes ) . grease a large bowl . place the dough in the bowl , turning to coat all sides , cover , and refrigerate overnight . you can also make the dough in your bread machine , using the dough cycle . the next day , remove the dough from refrigerator and let it come to room temperature , about 1 hour . deflate the dough , knead for 1 minute , then let it rest , covered with a greased plastic or an inverted bowl for 10 minutes . divide the dough into 36 pieces . roll each piece into a ball . grease 12 muffin cups , and place three balls in each cup . let the buns rise until puffy in bulk , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 400°f . when the buns are puffy-looking , gently brush with egg white glaze . bake the buns for about 20 minutes , until they are golden brown . remove the buns from pan and cool slightly on a wire rack . serve warm . store leftovers , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days , or in the freezer for a month .

tips from our bakers

you can use leftover sweet potato or microwave , or bake 1 medium sweet potato ( about 10 ounces , 283g ) , skin on , scrubbed , until soft . scrape out the inside to use in the recipe .


strawberry and cream bread

strawberries and cream are magical together ; strawberries and cream cheese are another fine pair . this loaf , with its subtle strawberry color and flavor and creamy texture , will fill the house with a wonderful fruit aroma as it bakes .

170 g whole milk
113 g cream cheese ( see `` tips '' , below . )
57 g fresh sliced strawberries
14 g butter
1 teaspoon salt
25 g sugar
50 g rolled oats
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program for white or basic bread , light setting , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a smooth , soft ball of dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . remove the bread when it 's done , and let it cool completely before slicing . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

try substituting devon cream for cream cheese .


stiff sourdough starter

this dough-like stiff starter has double the amount of flour as the typical liquid starter , which is equal parts water and flour . use it in our recipe for artisan sourdough bread .

first feeding

227 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard*
113 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*use starter that 's 100 % hydration : equal parts flour and water by weight .

second feeding

57 g room-temperature water
57 g stiff starter ( from first feeding above )
113 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

for the first feeding : mix the liquid starter and flour together in a bowl until the dough becomes a shaggy mass . knead until the dough becomes smooth and firm and there are no dry spots . you may need to add an extra tablespoon or two of flour if the dough feels very sticky . place the starter in an oiled container with the lid on and allow it to ferment at room temperature for approximately 8 hours . for the second feeding : tear the stiff starter into pieces , and place it in a bowl . add the water and flour . mix and then knead to make a firm , smooth dough , with no dry pockets of flour . this should only take a few minutes . place the starter in a bowl , and cover the bowl with plastic . allow the starter to ferment for approximately 8 hours , or until it 's doubled in size and domed , with the center just beginning to recede . this mature or `` fed '' stiff starter is now ready to use in your recipe . if you plan to maintain your stiff starter but are n't going to bake with it immediately , let it ferment at room temperature for 2 hours ( instead of the 8 hours mentioned in step # 5 ) , then refrigerate .

tips from our bakers

want to turn your stiff starter back into a liquid starter ? rip the stiff starter into small pieces and mix it with lukewarm water . the ratio is 3 parts starter to 1 part water , by either weight or volume : e.g. , 3/4 cup ( 6 ounces ) stiff starter added to 1/4 cup ( 2 ounces ) water . the easiest way to mix the stiff starter and water is at low speed in a stand mixer , using the beater attachment .

if after 8 hours you find the starter has fermented too quickly and collapsed , it will still work . if this happens consistently , use cooler water and add a pinch of salt . alternatively , mix the starter earlier in the day and refrigerate it immediately , removing it from the refrigerator right before you go to bed , then using it in your bread recipe the next day .


no-knead balsamic-glazed cherry focaccia

balsamic-glazed cherries complement this salty/chewy bread beautifully .

dough

482 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
46 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
25 g olive oil
340 g lukewarm water

topping

35 g olive oil , divided
3 cups ( 12 ounces ) bing cherries , pitted and halved ; or one 14.5-ounce can tart pitted cherries , drained
28 g balsamic vinegar
14 g kirsch ( cherry liqueur ) , or water
2 tablespoons fresh rosemary or 1 tablespoon dried rosemary
1/2 teaspoon sea salt , maldon preferred

to make the dough : mix the dough ingredients briefly , to form a rough ball . cover ; let rest for 3 hours . to make the topping : heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat . sauté the cherries for about 3 minutes , until they begin to release their juices . stir in the vinegar and kirsch , cooking until the liquid turns syrupy and coats the cherries . remove from the heat and cool . drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil into the bottom of a half-sheet ( 13 '' x 18 '' ) pan . spread dough into the pan , pushing it to the edges . if it shrinks back , walk away for 10 to 15 minutes ; when you return , it should be easier to work with . repeat the short rest , if necessary . brush 1 tablespoon olive oil over the dough , and top with cherries , rosemary , and sea salt . cover and let rest 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the focaccia for 20 to 25 minutes , until the top is golden brown and crusty . remove it from the oven , cut , and serve . yield : about 12 servings .




toast & sandwich bread

ah , sandwiches ... the centerpiece of any picnic . here 's a moist , soft bread that 's perfect for anything from pb & j to smoked salmon and capers .

2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g sugar
227 g lukewarm milk
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g butter , melted

combine all the ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , food processor , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy . shape the dough into a loaf , and place it in a greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . tent the dough with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned 1 '' over the rim of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , or until it tests done ( its internal temperature will read 190°f on an instant-read thermometer ) . remove the bread from the pan to cool . store the bread , well-wrapped , on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




hawaiian buns

these pillowy soft dinner rolls are lightly , irresistibly sweet thanks to pineapple juice and brown sugar . the pineapple flavor is subtle , but it 'll have you going back for bite after bite . sweet dough rises slower than those without sugar , and these are no exception . power through the long rises ; though ; these addictive buns are so worth it . by the way , this dough makes absolutely delicious hamburger buns ; see the tips at the bottom of the recipe for complete instructions .

sponge

28 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast , saf gold instant yeast preferred
28 g water

dough

113 g pineapple juice , canned
57 g ( 4 tablespoons ) softened , unsalted butter
71 g brown sugar
2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk , white reserved
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g potato flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

for the sponge : in the bowl of your stand mixer or the bucket of your bread machine , combine the sponge ingredients . allow the sponge to rest for 15 minutes . add the pineapple juice , butter , brown sugar , eggs and yolk , and vanilla , mixing until well combined . whisk together the remaining flour , potato flour , and salt before adding to the liquid ingredients . mix and knead until the dough is cohesive and smooth ; it 'll be very sticky at first . if you 're using a stand mixer , beat with the flat beater for about 3 minutes at medium-high speed ; then scrape the dough into the center of the bowl , switch to the dough hook , and knead for about 5 minutes at medium speed . it may have formed a very soft ball , but will probably still be sticking to the bottom of the bowl . if you 're using a bread machine , simply let it go through its entire cycle . if you find the dough is n't coming together , add a tablespoon or two of flour . lightly grease the mixing bowl or a large ( 8-cup ) measure ; round the dough into a ball , and place it in the bowl or measure . cover , and let rise until very puffy , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . if you 're using a bread machine and the dough has n't doubled in size when the cycle is complete , simply let it rest in the machine for another 30 to 60 minutes . lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . gently deflate the dough . divide it into 16 equal pieces , by dividing in half , then in halves again , etc . round each piece into a smooth ball . space the buns in the pan . tent the dough gently with lightly greased plastic wrap . let the dough rise in the pan for 1 hour , until it 's nicely puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . mix the reserved egg white with 1 tablespoon cold water , and brush some onto the surface of the rolls ; this will give them a satiny crust . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , or until the internal temperature reads 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the rolls from the oven , and after a few minutes , turn them out onto a cooling rack . serve warm . store leftovers , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 16 buns

tips from our bakers

sweet breads can be agonizingly slow risers . why ? because sugar attracts water , and when it 's in bread dough , it pulls water away from yeast — leaving the yeast thirsty and unable to grow . if you 're using regular yeast not formulated for sweet dough , you may find the rising time for these rolls will be longer by 30 minutes or more for each rise.this is a very wet dough , and can be tricky to handle . if you 're having difficulty , we suggest lightly oiling your hands and counter before attempting to roll out the buns.if you want to use fresh pineapple juice : microwave the juice for 2 minutes until it reaches 200°f and allow to cool to lukewarm before using . the process of heating will kill any enzymes in the juice , which would otherwise destroy the gluten . to make hamburger-sized buns , prepare the dough according to the recipe instructions , and after the rise divide it into six equal pieces . round each piece into a smooth ball , and place them into the lightly-greased wells of a hamburger bun pan , flattening them gently . let the buns rise for an hour , until they fill the wells and are nicely puffy , then brush the rolls with the egg wash , and bake them for 20 to 25 minutes until they 're a deep golden brown .


traditional boston brown bread

this dark , moist bread is traditionally served with baked beans and franks . it 's a cinch to put together , is moist and delicious , and is a saturday supper boston tradition . the ingredients can be mixed up quickly ; the steaming takes about 2 hours .

138 g yellow cornmeal
106 g pumpernickel flour
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
149 g raisins ; optional , but good
454 g buttermilk
255 g molasses

mix the cornmeal , flours , baking soda , salt and raisins together . combine the buttermilk and molasses and stir them into the dry ingredients . place the mixture in an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan , or 2-quart pudding mold . cover loosely with foil that has been greased on the inside ( to prevent sticking ) and secure with a rubber band . or grease the inside lid of the pudding mold . place the pan , or mold , in a kettle or saucepan on top of something ( crinkled aluminum foil or a stainless steel vegetable steaming insert will do nicely ) to keep the pan off the bottom of the kettle . the kettle should be deep enough so its lid can cover the pudding container . fill the kettle with boiling water two-thirds of the way up the pan . cover , bring the water back to a boil , then lower to a simmer . steam for about 2 hours , adding water if necessary . the bread is done when a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean , or with a few moist crumbs clinging to it . remove the bread from the kettle , and let it cool in the pan for about 10 minutes before turning it out of the pan to cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for a day or so . refrigerate up to several days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




pillow bread

these mild-flavored , golden rounds earn their name via their texture : both inside and out , they 're soft enough to imagine using as a pillow ! served as is , they 're a wonderful soup , stew or salad `` go-with . '' or top the baked breads with meat and cheese , or sauteed vegetables , or your choice of pizza-type toppings , bake just to heat the toppings , and you 've got a great open-faced sandwich .

starter

113 g pastry flour blend or 120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ( see `` tips , '' below . )
74 g cool water ( see `` tips , '' below . )
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
226 g pastry flour blend or 241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
31 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
92 g unseasoned riced potatoes ( about 1 small-to-medium baking potato ) or 46 g potato flour or 57 g dried potato flakes ( see `` tips , '' below . )
43 g butter
1 egg
74 g water

in a small mixing bowl , combine the flour , water and yeast . mix to form a soft dough , cover the bowl , and let the dough rest at room temperature overnight . using your hands , an electric mixer , a food processor or bread machine , mix and knead together all of the ingredients to form a smooth , soft , slightly sticky dough . allow the dough to rise at room temperature , in a covered bowl , for 2 hours ; gently deflate it after 1 hour , then cover and allow it to rise again . divide the dough into eight balls ; each will be about 3 1/8 ounces , or about the size of a handball . cover the dough balls , and refrigerate them while you preheat your oven to 500°f . if you have an oven stone , put it on the oven 's lower shelf . roll the dough balls until they 're about 1/4 '' -thick round disks ; they 'll be about 5 '' to 5 1/2 '' in diameter , and look like large pancakes . if you 're using a baking stone , put a piece of parchment paper on a large baker 's peel . place the disks , four at a time , onto the parchment , leaving about 1 '' between them . use the peel to slide parchment and disks onto the hot stone . bake them until their bottoms are light brown , about 3 1/2 minutes . flip them over , and bake them for an additional 90 seconds ; their tops should be starting to color . remove them from the oven , and repeat with the remaining four disks . if you do n't have a baking stone , place the disks , four at a time , on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . place the pan in the lower third of the oven , and bake the disks as directed above , increasing the time slightly . serve the breads warm , or place them , while they 're still very slightly warm , in a plastic bag , and serve them later . a toaster does a good job reheating them .

tips from our bakers

if you use our unbleached all-purpose flour rather than our pastry flour blend , increase the water in the starter to 1/2 cup ( 4 ounces , 113g ) .
if you use potato flour or flakes rather than riced potato , increase the water by 4 teaspoons .


five-seed loaf

this crunchy , nutty loaf features whole grains and a variety of seeds . it makes wonderful sandwiches , and is also nice simply toasted and spread with butter .

418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g bakers ' special dry milk
37 g artisan bread topping
28 g toasted sesame seeds
11 g vegetable oil or 14 g butter
340 g water

combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 1/4 hours , or until it 's puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . place the dough on a lightly greased work surface , and knead it gently to expel some of the gas . shape it into a 9 '' log , and place it in the pan . cover the pan , and allow the bread to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 50 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 190°f . if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it lightly with aluminum foil . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan to cool completely on a wire rack . store the loaves , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it lightly with aluminum foil . this bread can also be baked in a 1 1/2-pound or larger bread machine . program the machine for basic or white bread , medium crust .


golden buttermilk loaf

this soft , tender loaf is great for sandwiches and toast .

dough

340 g pastry flour blend ( see `` tips '' , below . )
82 g semolina flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
11 g buttermilk powder
25 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor , optional
8 g instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
43 g butter
255 g water

topping ( optional )

1 large egg white
sesame seeds
14 g water

combine all of the dough ingredients and mix , then knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to form a smooth , soft dough , adding additional water or flour as necessary , about 8 minutes . allow the dough to rise , covered , until almost doubled , about 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough out onto a greased surface , gently deflate it , and shape it into an 8 1/2 '' log . place the log in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' pan , cover the pan , and allow the loaf to rise for 45 minutes , until it 's just crowned over the top of the pan . to make the topping : whisk egg white with water . brush the top of the loaf with lightly beaten egg white , and sprinkle with sesame seeds . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's golden brown and its internal temperature registers 190°f or above on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , cool it in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn it out of the pan and cool completely for easiest slicing . store , wrapped , at room temperature for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

use all king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , if you choose , increasing the water to about 1 1/4 cups .


soft sandwich bread with flax

sometimes mistakes make wonderful things happen . in a bit of a fog one morning , we left the eggs out of the challah . not realizing why the dough was so dry , we added water until the dough looked right , and this fabulous bread is the result : a beautiful crumb and perfect crust , plus the nutrition of flax . we couldn ? t have made a better flax-enhanced sandwich loaf if we 'd tried !

227 g lukewarm water
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g vegetable oil
43 g honey
43 g whole flax meal
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all the ingredients , and mix and knead , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , to make a soft , smooth , slightly sticky dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow it to rise till it 's almost doubled in size , about 60 to 90 minutes . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . gently shape the dough into a smooth log , and settle it into the pan , smooth side up . tent the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the loaf to rise till it 's crowned over the rim of the pan by about 3/4 '' , 30 to 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , or until the center registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . remove the bread from the oven , and place on a rack to cool . yield : 1 loaf .




double light rye bread

this sandwich rye bread is super-light and moist ; and the recipe makes two loaves , thus the `` double . '' our thanks to the cooks on the classic maine schooner sylvina w. beal , launched in 1911 in east boothbay . they shared a version of this recipe with one of their passengers nearly 20 years ago , on a cruise he took out of belfast ; and he kindly passed it along to us . we 've modernized it a bit , and are happy to share this bit of maine nautical/culinary history with you .

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
213 g rye flour : white , medium , or pumpernickel
2 ½ teaspoons instant yeast
28 g brown sugar
2 ½ teaspoons salt
43 g butter
85 g molasses
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
397 g to 454 g lukewarm water*
*use the greater amount of liquid in winter or in drier climates ; the lesser amount in summer , or in a humid environment .

mix all of the ingredients together just until everything is moistened . cover the bowl , and let the dough rest for 15 minutes ; this gives the flour a chance to start absorbing the liquid , which will make the dough a bit less sticky to knead . knead the dough for about 7 minutes in a stand mixer , or 10 minutes by hand . it 'll be quite sticky ; rye flour does have that propensity . but it should also be smooth , and feel elastic . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let the dough rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's nicely puffy , though not necessarily doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it in half . shape each half into a log . lightly grease two 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pans ; two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans , or one of each . the smaller pan will make a loaf that `` mushrooms '' a bit ; we prefer 9 '' x 5 '' pans here . settle the shaped dough into the pans . cover the pans , and let the dough rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the smaller pan , and is about even or slightly over the rim of the larger pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the loaves for 35 to 45 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of one registers at least 190°f . if the loaves seem to be browning too quickly , tent them loosely with aluminum foil . remove the bread from the oven , and after 10 minutes turn it out of the pans onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . store airtight at room temperature for 5 days or so ; for longer storage , wrap and freeze . yield : 2 loaves .




whole wheat zucchini-nut bread

if you want to make a dent in your zucchini surplus , try this bread . it 's moist , scented with cinnamon , and studded with golden raisins and walnuts . you can use brown sugar instead of white for a darker , richer loaf .

2 large eggs
85 g molasses
99 g vegetable oil
99 g granulated or 92 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
106 g whole wheat pastry flour or king arthur white whole wheat flour
89 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
340 g shredded , unpeeled zucchini ( 1 small to medium )
113 g raisins ( golden are nice )
85 g chopped walnuts

preheat the oven to 350°f ; lightly grease a standard 8 1/2 '' by 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , or line it with parchment . in a large mixing bowl , beat the eggs , oil , molasses , sugar , and vanilla until smooth . in a separate bowl , whisk together the flours , baking soda , baking powder , salt and cinnamon . stir the dry ingredients into the wet mixture . stir in the zucchini , raisins and walnuts . pour the batter into the prepared pan . bake for 50 to 55 minutes , until the loaf tests done ( a wooden tester inserted in the center will come out clean ) . remove the bread from the oven , and place on a rack to cool for 20 minutes before removing from the pan and returning to the rack to cool completely .




sharon 's whole grain dinner rolls & bread

sharon daley of harwich port , ma emailed us this recipe , with the accompanying note : `` my youngest son came home from college this weekend , and i wanted to bake rolls for dinner , and also send a loaf of bread back to school with him . i decided to try a couple of the king arthur specialty ingredients , so i just started 'playing around . ' the result was quite tasty , and i thought you folks might be interested . '' interested ? of course . it 's always a pleasure to hear about what our readers are baking — and to share their kitchen inspirations . this recipe produces rolls and bread with a deep-gold outer crust and soft interior . the touch of whole wheat and oats adds rich , nutty flavor . thanks , sharon !

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
110 g irish-style flour or 113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
99 g old-fashioned rolled oats
57 g wheat germ
46 g potato flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or non-fat dry milk
1 tablespoon instant yeast or active dry yeast
2 teaspoons salt
50 g olive oil
85 g honey
1 large egg
340 g lukewarm water

topping

1 large egg whisked with 1 tablespoon cold water
old-fashioned rolled oats

mix and knead all of the ingredients — by hand , with a stand mixer , or in a bread machine set to the dough cycle — to make a soft , smooth dough . using a stand mixer , it may stick a bit in the bottom of the bowl ; that 's fine . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it 's doubled in bulk , 60 to 90 minutes . gently deflate the dough , and divide it in half . take one half , and divide it into seven round rolls ; each will be a generous 3 ounces . place them in a lightly greased 9 '' round cake pan . working with the other half of the dough , divide it in half , and shape each piece into a short , fat log ; or a round . alternatively , make one large oval or round loaf . place the loaves onto a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . cover the rolls/loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for about 90 minutes , or until they 're nearly doubled in size . the rolls in the pan will be touching one another . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f with a rack in the center . you do n't want to bake this bread too close to the top element , as it browns quickly . brush the rolls and loaves with the egg/water , and sprinkle with rolled oats . bake the rolls/loaves until they 're golden brown , about 25 minutes for the rolls , 30 minutes for the loaves , or 40 to 45 minutes for one large loaf . if they appear to be browning too quickly , tent them lightly with aluminum foil . remove the rolls and bread from the oven , and place them on a rack to cool . serve warm or at room temperature . store any leftovers , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

want to make two pans of rolls instead of rolls plus a loaf or loaves ? go for it . want to make two large loaves , or two smaller loaves plus one large one ? be our guest . this recipe is open to all kinds of interpretations , shaping-wise .


roasted garlic potato bread

this filling and hearty loaf is a great accompaniment to soup or fondue on a cold winter 's night .

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g potato flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
340 g water
21 g olive oil
113 g garlic , baked
454 g to 510 g , raw weight , roasted potatoes diced in 1/2 '' -chunks

combine the flour , potato flour , yeast , pizza seasoning , salt , water and olive oil , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . remove the baked garlic from its skin by gently squeezing . knead in the garlic and then the potatoes . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until it has doubled . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface and knead gently to deflate it , then shape it into a ball . some potatoes may pop out — that 's fine . place the loaf into a lightly greased 9 '' to 10 '' round baker or cake pan ( this will help the bread rise in an even shape ) , or onto a baking sheet . cover with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and let the loaf rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . just before placing the bread in the oven , gently score the top of the bread about 1/2 '' deep in a grid pattern , and spritz it with water . bake the bread for 32 to 38 minutes , until it 's deeply browned . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store the bread , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature or up to 3 months in the freezer .




herbed tomato ciabatta

this simple , light and airy ciabatta bread is flavored with sun-dried tomatoes and mediterranean-inspired herbs .

340 g cool water
43 g sun-dried tomatoes , diced
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning ( or a mixture of dried basil , oregano , thyme , and red pepper )
418 g king arthur organic all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

mix together the water , tomatoes , pizza seasoning , 2 cups of the flour , and 1 teaspoon of the yeast . set the mixture aside to rise , covered , for several hours ( or overnight ) . mix in the remaining flour , yeast , and salt until the dough is smooth . this is a very sticky dough ; add more flour only if it 's `` soupy . '' ( see `` tips '' , below . ) let the dough rise , in a lightly floured bowl , for 1 hour , then gently deflate and fold it over a few times to help develop the gluten . let it rise another hour , then turn it out onto a liberally floured work surface , and sprinkle lots of flour on top . gently stretch the dough into an 8 '' x 10 '' rectangle , and cut it into two 4 '' x 10 '' pieces . transfer the loaves onto a piece of parchment , leaving about 6 '' between them . cover the loaves with heavily oiled plastic wrap , and let rise until they 're very puffy , about 2 hours . while the dough is rising , preheat your oven to 500°f ( with a baking stone inside , if you have one ) . spritz the loaves with water , then transfer the bread to the stone , parchment and all , and lower the oven temperature to 425°f . if you 're not using a baking stone , place the parchment and loaves on a baking sheet . bake the ciabatta until it 's golden brown , approximately 22 to 25 minutes . cool on a rack . store well-wrapped for 5 days at room temperature , or 3 months frozen .

tips from our bakers

a bowl scraper is helpful for stirring together a very sticky dough . use one hand to rotate the bowl and the other to lift and stir from the outside to the center , until the dough is homogeneous and seems to have a little bit of `` muscle '' .


tender sandwich rye bread

this moist , easy-to-slice bread fairly sings with `` deli rye '' flavor . and do n't worry-no one will ever guess that sauerkraut 's the secret ingredient that makes this bread special .

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g white rye flour
32 g pumpernickel
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
8 g caraway seeds
1 1/2 teaspoons each yellow and black mustard seeds
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
11 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g sour pickle juice or dill pickle juice
397 g can sauerkraut , drained and wrung dry
50 g vegetable oil
149 g water
additional mustard seeds to sprinkle on loaves ( optional )

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead to form a smooth ( though sticky ) dough . let the dough rise in a lightly greased bowl until it 's almost double in bulk , 60 minutes or so . turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled or lightly floured surface , and shape it into a log . place the log in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cover the pan with a proof cover or greased plastic wrap , and allow the loaf to rise until it 's reached the edge of the pan . this will take 1 to 2 hours . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , or until it 's a deep , golden brown and its internal temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it with aluminum foil , shiny side up , for the final 15 minutes of baking . remove the bread from the oven , take it out of the pan , and allow it to cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




cinnamon swirl bread

classic cinnamon-swirl bread makes wonderful toast . spread with soft butter or peanut butter , there 's nothing better — except perhaps cinnamon-swirl french toast !

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g potato flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
35 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g butter
227 g lukewarm water

filling

50 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon
35 g raisins or currants
2 teaspoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg beaten with 14 g water

streusel topping

28 g butter
28 g sugar
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
28 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

in a large mixing bowl , combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing until the dough begins to come away from the sides of the bowl . knead the dough with an electric mixer for 2 minutes ; allow it to rest for 15 minutes , then continue kneading it for an additional 5 to 7 minutes , or until it 's smooth . if you 're kneading by hand , transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface ; knead it for 3 minutes ; allow it to rest for 15 minutes , then continue kneading till smooth , an additional 8 to 10 minutes . you can also simply knead the dough using the dough cycle of your bread machine . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl ( if you 're not using your bread machine 's dough cycle ) , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours ; it 'll be puffy , if not doubled in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into a long , thin rectangle , about 16 '' x 8 '' . to make the filling , combine the sugar , cinnamon , raisins or currants , and flour in a food processor ( mini preferred ) or blender , processing until the fruit is chopped . brush the dough with some of the egg/water , and pat the filling onto the dough . beginning with a short edge , roll the dough into a log . pinch the side seam and ends closed ( to keep the filling from bubbling out ) , and place the log in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the bread to rise for about 1 hour at room temperature , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . in a small bowl or mini processor , combine the streusel ingredients , cutting in the butter until the mixture is crumbly . if you 're using a mini processor , watch carefully ; streusel will go from crumbly to a cohesive mass in just a second or so . brush the loaf with some ( or all ) of the remaining beaten egg , and add the streusel , using your fingers to gently apply it to the dough , being careful not to deflate the loaf . bake the bread for about 45 minutes , tenting the loaf lightly with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes or so if it appears to be browning too quickly . remove the loaf from the oven , and after about 5 minutes , gently remove it from the pan . some of the streusel will fall off , but you can alleviate this by first loosening all around the edges of the loaf with a knife , then turning the pan on its side and gently pulling it away from the loaf . streusel will continue to fall off as you maneuver the bread — we 've never figured out how they make that stuff adhere so nicely on the store-bought loaves ! — but you 'll still be left with some nice , sweet topping .

tips from our bakers

for a deep-dark , moist , cinnamon swirl inside the bread , we like to blend together sugar , cinnamon , raisins or currants , and flour until smooth . the addition of raisins or currants adds moistness , as well as subtle flavor.unlike traditional cinnamon-swirl breads , that use melted butter as a base for the cinnamon-sugar filling , this loaf is brushed with beaten egg . butter acts as a barrier between the pieces of rolled-up dough , preventing them from cohering , and giving you bread that `` unravels '' when you cut it . on the other hand , the protein in egg acts like glue , cementing the bread and filling together , and allowing much less ( though still a bit ) unraveling .


no-knead harvest bread

plan ahead for this easy breadan overnight or all-day rise gives it terrific flavor . for the best crust , bake in a ceramic bread crock , or a covered clay baker .

390 g high-gluten flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or king arthur white whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
397 g cool water
85 g dried cranberries
85 g golden raisins
113 g coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts

mix the flours , salt , yeast , and water in a large bowl . stir , then use your hands to mix and form a sticky dough . work the dough just enough to incorporate all the flour , then work in the fruit and nuts . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let it rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 8 hours ; it 'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit , so use a large bowl . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and form it into a log or round loaf to fit your 14 '' to 15 '' long lidded stoneware baker ; 9 '' x 12 '' oval deep casserole dish with cover ; or 9 '' to 10 '' round lidded baking crock . place the dough in the lightly greased pan , smooth side up . cover and let rise at room temperature for about 2 hours , until it 's become puffy . it should rise noticeably , but it 's not a real high-riser . using a sharp knife or lame , slash the bread in a crosshatch pattern . place the lid on the pan , and put the bread in the cold oven . set the oven temperature to 450°f . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes , until it 's deep brown in color , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn out onto a rack , and cool before slicing .

tips from our bakers

using high-gluten flour , with its higher protein level , allows this bread to rise higher than it will with all-purpose flour . walnuts sometimes give this bread a faint purple tinge . if this bothers you , use pecans instead .


soft garlic knots

drenched in garlic and butter , these soft rolls are even better than the ones you get at the pizza parlor .

dough

390 g pastry flour blend or 361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or 31 g nonfat dry milk
35 g potato flour
14 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
8 g pizza dough flavor
25 g olive oil
227 g lukewarm water*
*add an additional 2 tablespoons water in the winter , or if you live in a very dry climate .

glaze

2 to 6 cloves peeled , crushed garlic
57 g melted butter
freshly grated parmesan cheese , optional
1/2 teaspoon pizza seasoning or italian seasoning , optional

to make the dough : whisk the dry ingredients together to prevent the potato flour from clumping when liquid is added . stir in the olive oil and water , then mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth , elastic dough , adding additional water or flour as needed . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for about 1 hour , until it 's doubled in bulk . preheat the oven to 350°f . divide the dough into 16 pieces , and roll each into a rope about 11 '' long ; tie each rope into a knot , tucking the loose ends into the center . place the knots on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover , and let rise for 45 minutes to about an hour , until very puffy looking . bake the knots for 15 to 18 minutes . they should be set , but only very lightly browned . to make the glaze : whisk together the melted butter and garlic . remove the knots from the oven , and brush or drizzle them with the garlic butter . sprinkle with pizza seasoning or italian seasoning or parmesan cheese , if desired . serve warm .

tips from our bakers

for garlic knots with an extra crackly-crunchy crust , set a baking stone in the middle of your oven before preheating . place the prepared knots on a piece of parchment , transfer them to the hot stone — either with the help of a large peel or an upside-down baking sheet — and bake and finish the knots according to the recipe instructions .


roasted hazelnut and raisin flutes

these chewy , dense , fruit-and-nut filled sticks are a specialty of le pain quotidien , a bakery chain with select outposts across america . the flutes are flavorful on their own , but like everything in life , they 're even better with a smear of cheese or butter .

starter

120 g artisan bread flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g cool water
pinch of instant yeast ( about 1/16 teaspoon )

dough

340 g skinned hazelnuts or 262 g coarsely chopped walnuts
298 g artisan bread flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
170 g cool water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
340 g golden raisins

to make the starter : combine the starter ingredients , cover , and let rise at cool room temperature overnight , until expanded and bubbly . preheat the oven to 350°f . place the hazelnuts in an ungreased 9 '' x 13 '' pan . bake them for 24 minutes , or until they 're a light golden brown . set them aside . if you 're using walnuts , bake them for about 12 minutes . turn the oven off . to make the dough : combine the starter , flour , salt , water , and yeast , mixing and kneading to make a soft dough . knead it for several minutes . the dough will be sticky , but try to avoid adding more flour . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise for 45 minutes . gently deflate the dough , turn it over , and let it rise an additional 45 minutes . knead the nuts and raisins into the dough . yes , this is a lot of fruit and nuts to try to knead in , just keep working at it . the finished breadsticks are more fruit and nuts than dough ! divide the dough into 12 equal pieces . working on a floured surface , stretch and roll the pieces 10 '' long . place the flutes 2 '' apart on two lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets , six to a sheet . cover with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for 2 hours at room temperature . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the flutes for 10 minutes . gently lay a sheet of aluminum foil over each pan . bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , rotating the pans in the oven ( top to bottom , bottom to top ) midway through the baking time . the finished flutes will be set and barely beginning to turn golden . store , well-wrapped , for up to 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to avoid the potential of burned raisins on the bottom of the flutes , bake each pan separately , placing it in the upper third of the oven . or bake pans at the same time , but for 30 minutes only , even if the flutes have n't yet begun to brown .


warm-your-heart buns

these are quintessential hot yeast buns — but with an unexpected and refreshing jolt of citrus . the citrus essence elevates them beyond ordinary dinner rolls to something special : tea or breakfast rolls , perfect for spreading with homemade raspberry preserves . tender and buttery , with a crisp , sugar-sweetened crust , they 're distinctly and assertively citrus , but not inherently sweet .

dough

170 g water
57 g unsalted butter
1 large egg + 1 egg yolk ( reserve white for topping )
1/4 teaspoon lemon oil , or 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia*
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
* 1/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia is mild ; 1/2 teaspoon is very assertive . we recommend something in between .

glaze

1 egg white mixed with 71 g sparkling white sugar ; or 1 egg white + pearl sugar

combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth , soft and supple dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy , though it probably wo n't have doubled in bulk . ( if using a bread machine , allow the dough to rise for another 30 minutes after the end of the cycle . ) transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and divide it into 16 pieces . allow the pieces to rest , covered , for 10 minutes . lightly grease a 12 '' x 12 '' sticky bun pan , 12 '' round pan , or 9 '' x 13 '' pan . round the dough into balls , and place them in the prepared pan . cover the pan , and allow the buns to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until they 're nice and puffy ; when you press a finger gently into a bun , the resulting indentation should n't spring back . while the buns are rising , combine the egg white and sparkling white ( coarse ) sugar , and set aside . if you 're using pearl sugar , simply beat the egg white to loosen it up , and have the pearl sugar on hand . toward the end of the rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . when the buns are risen , slather them heavily with the egg white/sugar glaze . or , if you 're using pearl sugar , brush them with egg white , and sprinkle heavily with pearl sugar . bake the buns for 22 to 25 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove the buns from the oven , and transfer them to a wire rack to cool . serve warm , or store in an airtight container for up to 3 days . freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

apricots are a nice touch in these buns . use 2/3 cup ( 3 ounces , 85g ) slivered , dried apricots , kneading them into the dough after the first rise , just before shaping .


sprouted wheat pain de mie

this tasty variation on classic pain de mie includes sprouted wheat flour and ground sprouted grains . the result is a loaf that ’ s still soft and perfect for sandwiches , but also provides the nutrition and flavor of bread made with whole and sprouted grains . this recipe comes to us from richard miscovich , a professional baker , teacher , and author . for best results , miscovich highly recommends weighing ingredients in grams rather than volume ; to do so , simply toggle to the gram display below .

145 g sprouted wheat berries*
290 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
291 g king arthur sprouted wheat flour
6 g instant yeast
15 g salt
23 g sugar
29 g baker 's special dry milk
395 g room-temperature water
104 g unsalted butter , softened*
wheat bran , to coat the loaf
*see `` tips , '' below .

first , grind the sprouts using a food mill , food grinder , or the food grinder attachment of a stand mixer . you want the sprouts fully ground , with no hard bits remaining . combine all the ingredients , except the ground sprouts , butter , and bran , in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook . mix on low speed for 4 minutes , until everything is well combined . increase the mixer speed to medium , and add half the softened butter . mix for 1 minute . add the remaining softened butter ; mix at medium speed for 5 minutes . add the ground sprouts , mixing until thoroughly incorporated . place the dough in a lightly greased container , cover it , and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it ’ s noticeably puffy . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a 13 ” log . dampen the log , and roll it in wheat bran , if desired . place the log in a lightly greased standard ( 13 ” x 4 ” ) lidded pain de mie pan ( grease the inside of the pan 's lid , as well ) . cover the pan , and let the dough rise until it ’ s about 1/2 ” from the rim of the pan , about 1 1/2 hours . do n't have a pain de mie pan ? see `` tips , '' below . towards the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 350°f . place the lid on the pan . bake the bread for 30 minutes . remove the lid , and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes , until the bread is golden brown and it interior temperature is at least 190°f at the center . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a baking sheet . return it to the oven and bake for 3 to 5 minutes , just until its sidewalls are firm . remove the bread from the oven , and place it on a rack to cool completely before slicing . store leftover bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

to sprout wheat berries : start with a scant 1/2 cup dried red wheat berries . place the berries in a colander , rinse them , and cover with an inch or two or water . allow the berries to soak for 36 hours , changing the soaking water after about 12 hours . then rinse the berries , shake off the excess water , and place the colander back in the empty bowl . drape the bowl lightly with plastic , and allow the berries to sit at room temperature for 24 hours . rinse the berries once or twice , but don ’ t let them sit in water ; you want them to remain damp , neither too wet nor too dry . rootlets will start to emerge from the berries after about 24 hours . sprouts are best when the rootlet is no longer than the length of the berry , so try to catch them at just that point . under-sprouted grain won ’ t be as sweet and may remain a little chewy ; old sprouts get starchy and less flavorful.soften the butter by pounding it with a rolling pin , not simply by bringing it to room temperature . the butter should be `` plasticized , '' but not warm ; if it 's warm it may melt and make the dough greasy . perfectly softened butter will easily take the impression of your finger without actually feeling warm.no pain de mie pan this time ? you can divide the dough in half and use two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans . baking temperature will stay at 350°f , baking time will be about 30-35 minutes total .


butter roll-ups

these really are n't crescent rolls , since we prefer to leave them just plain log-shaped . but if you want to make them into crescent rolls , follow the directions below , bending them into the characteristic curve after they 've been rolled up .

dough

283 g milk
46 g potato flour
36 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver , optional , but helpful
113 g butter
2 teaspoons salt ( use 1 3/4 teaspoons if you 're using salted butter )
50 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or 482 g pastry flour blend

topping

85 g butter , melted

combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or machine — stirring and kneading to form as smooth , supple dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow it to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy . do n't worry about it doubling in bulk , because it probably wo n't . to shape and bake the rolls : gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide it in half , and roll each half into a 14 '' circle . brush each circle with about 1 tablespoon melted butter . cut each circle into 8 or 12 pie-shaped wedges . starting with an outer edge , roll each piece up towards its point . pinch the point to the bottom of the roll to seal it . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) two baking sheets . place the rolls on the baking sheet , with the points tucked underneath . cover them with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow them to rise for about 90 minutes , or until they 're puffy ( though they wo n't be doubled in bulk ) . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the rolls with 2 tablespoons of butter before you put them in the oven . bake them for 18 to 20 minutes , until they 're a light , golden brown . do n't let them get deep brown , as they 'll dry out and become tough . these rolls are designed to be soft and a bit squishy . remove the rolls from the oven , and brush them with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter . store at room temperature for up to 3 days or up to a month in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

if you make a total of 16 rolls rather than 24 , each will be larger and more likely to hold its crescent shape.for cheese rolls , brush the rolled-out dough with butter , then sprinkle it with the cheese ( or cheese powder ) of your choice . cut , roll and bake as directed above .


soft cinnamon rolls

the chief attribute setting these rolls apart from their peers is their texture . while all cinnamon rolls are delicious straight from the oven , they often harden up and become dry as they cool . thanks to tangzhong , an asian method used to produce light , fluffy , moist yeast bread , these rolls will stay soft for several days after baking .

tangzhong ( starter )

71 g water
71 g whole milk
28 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

dough

496 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
21 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
170 g lukewarm whole milk
2 large eggs
85 g unsalted butter , melted

filling

142 g brown sugar
4 teaspoons ground cinnamon

icing

227 g confectioners ' sugar
pinch of salt
28 g melted butter
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
28 g to 43 g whole milk or cream , enough to make a thick but spreadable frosting

to make the tangzhong : combine all of the starter ingredients in a small saucepan , and whisk until no lumps remain . place the saucepan over medium heat , and cook the mixture , whisking constantly , until thick and the whisk leaves lines on the bottom of the pan . this will probably take only a minute or so . remove from the heat , and set it aside for several minutes . to make the dough : mix the tangzhong with the remaining dough ingredients until everything comes together . let the dough rest , covered , for 20 minutes ; this will give the flour a chance to absorb the liquid , making it easier to knead . after 20 minutes , knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , elastic , somewhat sticky dough . shape the dough into a ball , and let it rest in a lightly greased covered bowl for 60 to 90 minutes , until puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk . to make the filling : combine the brown sugar and cinnamon , mixing until the cinnamon is thoroughly distributed . gently deflate the risen dough , divide it in half , and shape each piece into a rough rectangle . working with one piece at a time , roll the dough into an 18 '' x 8 '' rectangle . sprinkle half the filling over the rolled-out dough . starting with a long edge , roll the dough into a log . with the seam underneath , cut the log into 12 slices , 1 1/2 '' each . repeat with the second piece of dough and the remaining filling . lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . space the rolls in the pan . cover the pan and let the rolls rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until they 're crowding one another and are quite puffy . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f with a rack in the bottom third . uncover the rolls , and bake them for 22 to 25 minutes , until they feel set . they might be just barely browned ; that 's ok . it 's better to under-bake these rolls than bake them too long . their interior temperature at the center should be about 188°f . while the rolls are baking , stir together the icing ingredients , adding enough of the milk to make a thick spreadable icing . the icing should be quite stiff , about the consistency of softened cream cheese . remove the rolls from the oven , and turn them out of the pan onto a rack . spread them with the icing ; it 'll partially melt into the rolls . serve the rolls warm . store completely cool rolls for a couple of days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 1 month .

tips from our bakers

this recipe is based on our recipe for japanese milk bread rolls ; try them if you 're looking for a wonderfully soft , tender dinner roll .
for just-baked freshness , reheat rolls by tenting with aluminum foil , and heating in a 350°f oven until toasty warm.some readers have asked why there 's no sugar in the dough for these rolls . first , we feel sugar in dough , being hygroscopic , tends to attract all the water molecules to itself , leaving the surrounding bread with a somewhat dry mouth feel . and second , between their filling and glaze , the rolls have the perfect amount of sugar to taste wonderfully sweet — without seeming too sweet .


asiago sun-dried tomato bread

this recipe comes from robyn brown sargent , one of our baking education specialists . if the spirit moves you to cook , this savory leave-in-the-machine bread is a great accompaniment to scrambled or poached eggs .

283 g water
25 g extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon lemon juice
11 g granulated sugar
14 g baker 's special dry milk or instant powdered milk
1 teaspoon salt
361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
21 g chopped sun-dried tomatoes
28 g grated asiago cheese
1 teaspoon dried basil , optional
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons instant yeast

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for the basic setting , light crust , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth ball of dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . cool the bread completely before serving . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




rustic italian ciabatta

this rustic italian loaf is filled with irregular holes , all the better to trap a drizzle of olive oil . cut lengthwise , ciabatta makes a wonderful italian-style sandwich .

340 g cool water
418 g king arthur european-style artisan bread flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , divided
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast , divided
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

stir the water , 2 cups of the flour , and 1 teaspoon of the yeast together , cover , and let rest at room temperature for several hours , or overnight . add the remaining flour , yeast , and salt , mixing vigorously until the dough begins to hold together . this is a very sticky dough ; add more flour only if it 's `` soupy . '' place the dough in a lightly floured bowl . let it rise for 1 hour , then gently deflate it . let it rise another hour , then turn it out onto a liberally floured work surface or silicone rolling mat , and sprinkle lots of flour on top . flatten the dough to an 8 '' x 10 '' rectangle , about 3/4 '' thick , and cut it into two pieces , each about 4 '' x 10 '' . transfer the loaves onto a piece of parchment , leaving about 6 '' between them . cover with heavily oiled plastic wrap or a freestanding plastic cover , and let rise until they 're very puffy , about 2 hours . preheat the oven to 500°f for 30 minutes . if you have a baking stone , place it in the oven when you start preheating , so it gets nice and hot . spritz the dough with water . if you 're baking on a stone , transfer the bread to the stone , parchment and all . if you 're using a pan , transfer the loaves on their parchment to a baking sheet , and place them on a middle rack of the oven . lower the oven temperature to 425°f . bake the ciabatta until it 's golden brown , approximately 22 to 25 minutes . turn the oven off , place ciabatta on the oven 's middle rack , crack the door open about 2 '' , and allow ciabatta to cool completely in the turned-off oven . fresh ciabatta is best enjoyed within a couple of days . for longer storage , wrap well and freeze .




focaccia

focaccia , a simple italian flatbread , can be patted thin for bread with a lot of chew , or thicker for a softer bread . the drizzle of olive oil and scattering of herbs is key to the bread 's delicious flavor .

1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
1/2 teaspoon sugar
227 g warm water
1/2 teaspoon salt
57 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
301 g ( approximately ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g extra-virgin olive oil , to drizzle on the focaccia after baking

dissolve the yeast and sugar in the water . add 1/4 cup of the all-purpose flour . stir with a whisk and let this sit for 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going . add the salt and the whole wheat flour . add the rest of the all-purpose flour , 1/2 cup at a time , until the dough is pulling away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it , adding more flour as necessary , until the dough has formed a smooth ball . place the dough in an oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat it with the oil . cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a damp towel . let the dough rise in a draft-free place for 1 1/2 to 2 hours . when the dough has doubled in bulk , gently deflate it , and turn it out onto a lightly floured counter . stretch the dough into a 14 '' circle and place on a greased baking sheet . preheat the oven to 425°f while the focaccia is rising . let it rise for 30 minutes . dimple the focaccia with your fingers and place it in the oven . bake for approximately 25 minutes , or until lightly browned and cooked through . drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with fresh or dried rosemary and/or oregano . cut into 6 to 12 wedges . serve as is , or with marinara sauce , if desired .

tips from our bakers

while the 1/2 cup of whole wheat flour lends this bread a bit of compelling earthiness , substitute all-purpose flour for the whole wheat , if you like .


polish sweet bread

sweet bread recipes of all nations involve enriching a dough with fat , milk and sugars to create a softer dough . definitely not an everyday dining experience , this particular version contains orange flavoring and dried fruit , and is topped with a thin sugar and flour coating .

dough

227 g milk
57 g butter
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
67 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs plus 1 yolk ( save the white for glaze )
1/4 teaspoon orange oil or fiori di sicilia
85 g dried cherries , currants , or golden raisins

topping

25 g sugar
21 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g butter
egg white , from above , lightly beaten

in a small saucepan or in the microwave , melt the butter in the milk , and let the mixture cool to lukewarm . combine the milk mixture with the remaining dough ingredients , except for the fruit , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 1/2 hours . deflate the dough and knead in the fruit . divide the dough in half and form each half into a loaf . place the loaves in two lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans , and let them rise for about 1 1/2 hours , until they 've crowned about 1 '' over the rims of the pans . alternately , place the shaped loaves on a parchment-lined sheet tray and let them rise until puffy . mix the topping sugar , flour , and butter together , brush the tops of the loaves with beaten egg white , then sprinkle each loaf with the topping mixture . while the bread finishes rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , until lightly browned . remove it from the oven , and cool completely on a wire rack . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

this recipe comes from linda askew of quad/graphics .


cinnamon bread

this soft white loaf features a lovely spiral of cinnamon-sugar inside . it makes a delicious peanut butter and jelly sandwich . and , of course , it 's ideal for cinnamon toast , and french toast . our guarantee : this tender , close-grained loaf rises to a lovely dome , and bakes up golden brown . the thin layer of cinnamon filling forms a pretty spiral inside . from amaranth to teff , ancient grains offer a world of baking possibilities . find out how to make this recipe using ancient grains in our complete guide to baking with ancient grains .

dough

1/4-ounce packet `` highly active '' active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
198 to 255 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
18 g nonfat dry milk
43 g instant mashed potato flakes
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

filling

50 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water , to brush on dough

if you 're using `` highly active '' or active dry yeast , dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water . let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes , until the mixture has bubbled and expanded . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the dissolved yeast ( or instant yeast ) with the remainder of the ingredients . mix and knead everything togetherby hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycletill you 've made a smooth dough . adjust the dough 's consistency with additional flour or water as needed ; but remember , the more flour you add while you 're kneading , the heavier and drier your final loaf will be . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take about 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , make the filling by stirring together the sugar , cinnamon , and flour . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat it into a 6 '' x 20 '' rectangle . brush the dough with the egg/water mixture , and sprinkle it evenly with the filling . starting with a short end , roll the dough into a log . pinch the ends to seal , and pinch the long seam closed . transfer the log , seam-side down , to a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . tent the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap . allow the bread to rise till it 's crested about 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 1 hour . again , it may rise more slowly for you ; let it rise till it 's 1 '' over the rim of the pan , even if that takes longer than an hour . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after the first 15 minutes . the bread 's crust will be golden brown , and the interior of the finished loaf should measure 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and gently loosen the edges with a heatproof spatula or table knife . turn it out of the pan , and brush the top surface with butter , if desired ; this will give it a soft , satiny crust . allow the bread to cool completely before slicing .

tips from our bakers

when making yeast bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time.do n't skip the step of brushing the dough with the egg/water wash before sprinkling on the filling . the egg is what keeps the bread from `` gapping '' around the filling.if you bake this bread in a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan , it 'll be flatter and not as nicely domed . it will have risen to about even with the rim of the pan when it 's ready to go into the oven.interested in learning more about ancient grains — and how to use them ? see our complete guide to baking with ancient grains .


salami and herb star bread

with a dramatic shape that 's easy to execute , this savory loaf impresses just as much with its flavors as it does with its look .

dough

113 g lukewarm milk
57 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
113 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
1 large egg
35 g olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

egg wash

1 large egg beaten with 14 g water

filling

1/2 teaspoon ground paprika
85 g grated parmesan or asiago cheese
43 g finely diced sun-dried tomatoes
85 g genoa salami or thinly sliced pepperoni
124 g basil pesto

to make the dough : place the milk , water , yeast , and whole wheat flour in a large mixing bowl and stir to combine . cover and let rest for 15 minutes . add the egg , olive oil , salt , and all-purpose flour . mix to make a soft dough , then knead for 6 to 8 minutes , until smooth and supple . place in an oiled bowl , cover , and let rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , until doubled . to assemble : divide the dough into four pieces and shape into balls . cover and let rest for 10 minutes . place one piece of dough on a piece of parchment . roll it into a 10 '' circle . brush the circle all over with egg wash. stir the paprika into the cheese , then sprinkle over the dough , leaving 1/2 '' around the outside edge uncovered . scatter the sun-dried tomatoes over the cheese . roll another ball of dough to the same size as the first . place it on top of the first circle , brush with egg wash , and shingle slices of salami over the dough , again leaving the outer 1/2 '' around the edge uncovered . roll out the third ball of dough , place on top , and brush with egg wash . spread with pesto , leaving the outer edge uncovered . roll out the last ball of dough and place it on top . place a 2 '' round biscuit cutter or drinking glass in the center of the dough to serve as a guide . using a sharp knife , cut the circle into 16 equal strips , from the outside edge to the cutter/glass in the center , through all the layers . using two hands , pick up two adjacent strips of dough and twist them away from each other twice , so the top side is facing up again . repeat with the remaining strips of dough all the way around the circle . remove the cutter/glass . pinch the ends of adjacent strips together all the way around the bread to create eight star-like points . transfer the star on the parchment to a baking sheet . cover with greased plastic and let rise until noticeably puffy , about 45 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . when risen , remove the plastic and brush the star with a thin coat of the egg wash. bake for 20 to 23 minutes , until nicely golden . remove the bread from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving warm . store any leftovers , well wrapped , in the refrigerator for a day or so . freeze for longer storage .




honeycomb buns

these brioche-style buns , with their drizzle of honey glaze , are over-the-top decadent . serve them warm at breakfast , or with afternoon tea .

buns

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
43 g honey
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g warm milk
57 g unsalted butter , melted
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

glaze

28 g unsalted butter
85 g honey

to make the buns : combine the flour , salt , honey , and yeast . mix in the milk , melted butter , eggs , and vanilla . knead to make a smooth , elastic dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rest for 60 minutes . grease a honeycomb cake pan or mini-muffin pan . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 19 equal pieces ( 20 pieces if you 're using a mini muffin pan ) . pat each piece of dough into the separate cups of the pan . allow the buns to rest , covered , until just about doubled in bulk , about 45 minutes . towards the end of the resting time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 20 to 22 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven . after 5 minutes , turn them out onto a plate . to make the glaze : combine the butter and honey , and microwave for 45 seconds to melt the butter . brush the glaze over the hot buns , and let them rest for 5 minutes to allow them to absorb the glaze . yield : 19 or 20 buns .




gluten-free flax seed bread

tired of your gluten free bread failing in your bread machine ? are you ready for a soft , healthy loaf of gluten free bread that only involves one pan ? the zojirushi virtuoso is here with an exclusive setting for your favorite gluten-free recipes . enjoy this bread , studded with nutritious flax seeds , as an accompaniment to your usual sandwich toppings ; or simply toasted and dressed with creamy butter .

379 g lukewarm milk
3 large eggs , beaten
14 g apple cider vinegar
35 g vegetable oil
64 g honey
230 g brown rice flour
354 g potato starch
1 tablespoon xanthan gum
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
46 g whole flax seeds
11 g instant yeast

place all the liquid ingredients ( milk , eggs , vinegar , oil , and honey ) into the bucket of your zojirushi virtuoso . place all the dry ingredients on top ; there 's no need to stir . choose the gluten-free setting on the machine , and the desired crust setting ; press start . when the cycle is finished and the bread is done , turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : 1 loaf .




stollen

stollen is a sweet yeasted bread flavored with bits of fruit , served at christmas and known for its keeping qualities . a native of germany and austria , and connected with dresden in particular , stollen is a must at every holiday table in those countries . because of stollen 's high sugar content , we find you 'll make a better loaf by beginning with an overnight sponge . this bubbly mixture of yeast , flour and water is a good base upon which the sugar , milk , and butter-rich stollen can successfully grow .

sponge

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g water
2 teaspoons instant yeast

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g butter , diced
1 large egg
57 g milk
67 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon almond extract
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
74 g chopped dates
85 g golden raisins
99 g candied cherries , coarsely chopped ( see `` tips '' , below . )
14 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g slivered almonds , toasted

topping

21 g butter , melted
confectioners ' sugar

to make the sponge : combine the flour , water and yeast — by hand , mixer or bread machine — in a large bowl , stirring until smooth . cover , and let the mixture rest overnight at room temperature . to make the dough : add the flour , butter , egg , milk , sugar , salt , yeast , almond extract , and vanilla to the sponge . stir to combine , then knead thoroughly , using your hands , a mixer , a food processor or a bread machine , until the dough is very smooth and supple . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl ( or leave it in the bread machine ) , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . it probably wo n't double in bulk , but will become puffy . while the dough is rising , stir together the dates , raisins , cherries , flour and almonds . transfer the dough to a clean , lightly greased work surface . knead the fruit into the dough until it 's well-distributed ; a good way to do this is to pat or roll the dough into a rough 12 '' x 15 '' rectangle , press the fruit and nuts evenly over its surface , then roll it up like a jelly roll , starting with a long edge . divide the roll into two pieces , shape each piece into a rough 9 '' log , cover the logs , and let them rest for 10 minutes . pat each log into a 10 '' x 8 '' inch oval . the fruit may try to `` fall out '' of the dough ; that 's ok , just stick it back in . fold each oval lengthwise , bringing one side over the other but leaving a 1 '' gap , as if you were making a parker house roll ( in other words , fold the dough not quite in half ) . press the edge of the top half to seal it to the bottom half , tent the dough with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for 2 hours , or until it 's noticeably puffy . preheat the oven to 350° . bake the stollen for 30 to 35 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil after 20 minutes if it appears to be browning too quickly . the finished loaves should be golden brown , and their internal temperature should register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . the finished loaves should be golden brown , and their internal temperature should register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . when the stollen are cool , dust them heavily with confectioners ' sugar . wrap well and store for up to 2 weeks at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

the easiest way to chop candied cherries , which tend to be very sticky , is by snipping each in half with a pair of scissors . dip the scissors in water occasionally.for a more traditional stollen , substitute 1/2 cup candied peel , citron or angelica for the 1/2 cup chopped dates .


steph 's rye bread

rye breads inspire passion , both in the baking and the consuming afterward . this particular rye has the seeds for texture and the first clear flour for the strength and the chew in the crumb .

starter/ sponge

206 g medium rye flour
25 g instant yeast
1 tablespoon artisan bread topping , or your favorite blend of seeds
340 g water

dough

all of the sponge ( above )
227 g water
85 g molasses
9 g artisan bread topping
1 large egg
14 g salt
206 g rye flour
213 g first clear flour
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

1 tablespoon artisan bread topping , or your favorite seeds or blend of seeds ( caraway , sesame , etc . )

to make the sponge : mix the above ingredients in a large bowl , cover with plastic wrap and let stand at least 2 hours or up to three days . the longer it stands , the more flavor it will develop . to make the dough : mix all of the ingredients until the dough is a shaggy mass that no longer adheres significantly to the bowl . turn it out onto a well-floured board . it 'll be fairly sticky and soft throughout the kneading process , but knead it until it 's smooth and supple . place in a well-greased bowl , cover and let rise until doubled in size , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . deflate the dough , shape it into two round loaves , and place on a lightly greased pan . let stand , covered , for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 450°f . brush loaves with water or egg white , and sprinkle with seeds . bake for 30 to 40 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers 190°f to 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack . store the loaves , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to a week or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

stephanie stone , a member of our baker 's store and catalogue teams , is a regular participant in the new york city marathon . her training sessions are often fueled by this bread , which she comments on as follows :

`` this recipe is based on one in bernard clayton 's new complete book of breads . my father is a rye bread fanatic who grew up in a jewish household in albany , n.y. and has yet to find a rye bread that compares to the great bakery stuff he ate growing up . this bread has gone through many variations and taste tests , and this version is the one he likes the best . ''


buttertop bread

no need to buy those wide-body buttertop loaves you see at the supermarket — it 's easy to make your own .

bread

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
32 g potato flour or dry potato flakes
50 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast , saf gold instant yeast preferred
1 large egg
28 g soft or melted butter
170 g to 198 g lukewarm milk*
*use the greater amount in the summer , the lesser amount in the winter , and somewhere in between in the spring and fall . your goal is a soft , elastic dough .

topping

14 g butter , melted

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together until you 've made a smooth , though somewhat sticky dough . if you 're uncertain about the amount of milk to use , start with the lesser amount ; you can always add more as you go along . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , or an 8-cup measure , which allows you to track the dough 's progress as it rises . cover , and allow the dough to rise for about 90 minutes ; it should become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a 9 '' log . place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . using a sharp knife , cut the loaf vertically down the middle from one end of the pan to the other , almost but not quite to the bottom of the pan . cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap ( or a shower cap ) , and allow it to rise until its top has crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 45 to 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's golden brown . tent it lightly with aluminum foil after about 15 minutes of baking ; because of its somewhat higher sugar content , this bread tends to over-brown if not covered . remove the bread from the oven , and brush it with melted butter . cool completely before slicing . store bread , tightly wrapped , for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf , about 18 servings .

tips from our bakers

when assessing whether your dough or bread has risen enough , go more by how much its volume has increased , rather than by how long it 's been rising . rising times in recipes are n't hard and fast ; they 're more a guideline , since there are so many variables that can affect how dough rises . if the recipe calls for your dough to `` double in bulk , '' then that 's the desired result ; put away your stopwatch and let the dough rise on its own schedule.if you do n't use saf gold yeast , expect your rising times to be longer ; saf gold is specially formulated to provide higher-sugar breads with a good , strong rise .


honey caramel sticky buns

soft , perfumed with cinnamon , with lots of luxuriant , glazed nuts shining on top , these buns are an excellent breakfast treat . the recipe doubles easily to feed a bigger audience .

dough

2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
113 g milk
28 g unsalted butter
25 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

213 g brown sugar
64 g honey
28 g butter
85 g chopped nuts ( pecans , walnuts , and almonds are all tasty )

filling

57 g butter , softened
50 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g raisins

to make the dough : mix and knead the dough ingredients by hand , with a mixer , or in a bread machine using the dough cycle . knead until smooth , and let rise , covered , for 45 minutes to 1 hour . to make the topping : in a small saucepan heat and stir the brown sugar , honey , and butter until the sugar is dissolved . spread on the bottom of a greased 8 '' square pan . sprinkle with the nuts ; set aside . to make the filling : stir together the butter , sugar , cinnamon , and flour to make a spreadable paste . to shape the buns : after the dough has risen , deflate it and roll into a 10 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the surface , and sprinkle with the raisins . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log and pinch the edge of the lengthwise seam together . cut into 9 equal slices . place the buns cut side down in the prepared pan . flatten each bun with your fingers , until they 're barely touching each other . cover and let rise until light and doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the buns for 30 to 35 minutes or until they 're a deep , golden brown , tenting the top with foil for the last 15 minutes of baking . remove them from the oven and invert the pan immediately onto a large plate . remove the pan , and scrape any topping left in the bottom onto the buns . let cool for 20 minutes before eating , so you do n't burn your mouth on the good sticky stuff .

tips from our bakers

you can absolutely make these rolls a day in advance . follow the recipe through the point of assembling the rolls in the pan , then cover them without letting them rise and put them in the refrigerator overnight . the next morning , take them out of the fridge while you 're preheating the oven . when the oven 's ready , uncover and bake . the rolls may need an extra 10 minutes to cook all the way through in the center , but for the sake of a warm from the oven treat , we 'll cope ...


st. patrick 's day irish-american soda bread

irish-american soda bread is a sweeter , lighter , more interesting riff on the original irish soda bread , a simple combination of flour , salt , baking soda , and buttermilk . no eggs , no sugar , no raisins or caraway seeds ... all of those came later . and in america , land of `` too much is just enough , '' the formula became richer still , with the addition of butter , and yet more sugar . the following soda bread tastes like a sweet , rich scone , a tiny bit crumbly but moist enough to hold together nicely when it 's sliced . we bake it in a tall , round pan , to give it its classic shape . though you can use raisins or currants , we prefer the tinier currants , as they spread themselves more evenly throughout the loaf .

85 g butter
149 g sugar
2 large eggs
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
340 g buttermilk ( or 227 g milk + 113 g yogurt )
142 g currants or 170 g golden raisins , firmly packed
2 teaspoons caraway seeds
14 g milk , for glaze
14 g sparkling white sugar , for topping

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease an 8 '' x 3 1/2 '' round pan ( or a 9 '' x 3 '' round pan ) , one whose capacity is at least 5 1/2 cups . a souffle pan or panettone pan is a good choice . in a large bowl , beat together the butter and sugar until smooth . add the eggs , and beat on high speed until the mixture is thick and light-colored , about 2 minutes . stir in the baking powder , baking soda , and salt , then 1 cup of the flour . gently beat in half the buttermilk ( or milk/yogurt mixture ) , then another cup of the flour . add the remainder of the buttermilk , and the final cup of flour , mixing until smooth . stir in the currants and caraway seeds . spoon the mixture into your prepared pan . drizzle the milk atop the batter , and sprinkle with the sparkling white sugar . bake the bread for 1 hour 15 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean . tent a sheet of aluminum foil over the top for the final 15 minutes , if it appears to be browning too quickly . remove the bread from the oven , wait about 5 minutes , then carefully turn it out onto a rack to cool . allow the bread to cool for at least 1 hour before slicing . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

alternatively , spoon the batter into a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . bake the bread in a preheated 375°f oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until a cake tester inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean .


dilled peasant rye bread

though most people are more familiar with caraway-flavored rye breads , this one features the familiar flavor of dill . served it with a soft cheese and pickled onions or vegetables , it makes a good change from the norm .

2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g water
11 g sugar
14 g vegetable oil or butter
213 g rye flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon dill seeds or dill weed
85 g to 120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g rye bread improver
topping seeds of your choice : sesame , poppy , sunflower

in a large bowl ( or in a bread machine ) combine the yeast , water , sugar , oil or butter , and rye flour , mixing until smooth . cover and let rest for 45 minutes . add the salt , dill seeds or weed , 3/4 cup flour and rye bread improver . knead the dough until smooth ( adding additional flour if necessary ) , place it in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise for 1 hour . ( or prepare the dough in your bread machine set on the dough or manual cycle . ) shape the loaf into a slightly flattened round , set it on a sheet pan , and let it rise , covered , for 1 hour , or until it 's almost doubled in bulk . spray the loaf with water , and sprinkle with the seeds of your choice , if desired . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 40 to 45 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and tests done ; the center of the loaf should read 200°f on an instant-read thermometer . cool the loaf on a wire rack or , for an extra-crispy crust , allow it to cool in the turned-off oven with the door cracked open . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




buttery sourdough buns

when you think sourdough bread , you probably think an artisan loaf , one with a thick , chewy crust and coarse interior . these soft dinner rolls are at the opposite end of the texture spectrum . buttery spirals with a pleasingly mild sourdough tang , they 're soft on the inside , but sport a wonderfully crisp crust — think crescent roll . and , like a crescent roll , they 're fun to unravel and enjoy bit by buttery bit !

dough

120 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or organic all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
14 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 large egg
71 g soft butter
152 g lukewarm water

topping

57 g melted butter , divided
1/4 teaspoon paprika , optional

combine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl , and mix and knead — using your hands , a stand mixer , or a bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased container — an 8-cup measure works well here — and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . roll and pat the dough into a rough rectangle approximately 12 '' x 16 '' . put 2 tablespoons melted butter in a small bowl , and add the paprika , if desired ; it 's there for color , and accentuates the buns ' swirl , but omit it if you wish . spread the dough with the melted butter . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log . cut the log in 1 '' slices , using a sharp knife , or a piece of dental floss looped between your fingers . lightly grease two 8 '' or 9 '' round cake pans . arrange 8 buns in each pan . cover the pans , and let the buns rise for 60 minutes , until they 're noticeably puffy . do n't let these buns rise too long ; you want them to have enough rising power left to expand nicely in the oven . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the pans , and brush each bun with some of the remaining melted butter . bake the buns for 22 to 25 minutes ; they 'll color only slightly . remove the buns from the oven , and turn them out of the pan onto a rack . brush with any remaining melted butter . serve hot or warm . to reheat , place the buns on a baking sheet , tent lightly with aluminum foil , and bake for 10 minutes in a preheated 350°f oven . wrap any leftover buns airtight , and store at room temperature for several days . for longer storage , wrap airtight and freeze . yield : 16 buns .

tips from our bakers

you 'll notice these buns do n't brown as deeply as most dinner rolls — how come ? typically long rising , sourdough affects browning by changing the ph of the bun , as well as consuming the sugar that would otherwise caramelize ( brown ) on the bun 's surface .


potato wheat bread

soft and moist from the addition of fresh potato , this 100 % whole wheat bread rises tall , slices beautifully , and is a great keeper . who could ask for anything more ?

227 g water
1 medium-small potato , about 142 g
113 g lukewarm milk
57 g room-temperature butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
43 g honey
397 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

peel the potato , and cut it into chunks . combine it in a small saucepan with the water , which should just cover the potato ( if you 've cut it in small enough chunks ) . simmer the potato until it 's soft . remove the pan from the heat , and use a small food processor , blender , or hand beater to blend the potato/water into a smooth , chunk-free slurry . see `` tips , '' below left . once the potato mixture has cooled to lukewarm , combine it with the remaining ingredients . mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , 60 to 90 minutes . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , shape it into a log , and fit it into the pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap ( or , even better , a clear shower cap ) , and allow the dough to rise until its domed center is about 1 '' over the lip of the pan , about 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . remove the plastic , and put the bread into the oven . bake the bread for 37 to 40 minutes , until it 's golden-brown on top and tests done ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center will register at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . for a soft , flavorful crust , brush the loaf with melted butter while warm . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't want to prepare the potato as directed , simply add 3/4 to 1 cup water and 5 ounces ( about 2/3 cup ) unseasoned mashed potato to the dough . use the lesser amount of water to start , then add more , if necessary , to make a smooth , supple dough .


pottbrau

this is a traditional icelandic rye flatbread , iceland 's version of `` the wrap . '' you often find it on the breakfast table to be eaten with smoked lamb or other cured , sliced meat and cheese . it 's wonderful with gravlax , smoked salmon , herring or smoked mackerel . for best flavor , it 's preferably cooked quickly on a grill .

255 g buttermilk
1/2 teaspoon salt
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
159 g pumpernickel
1 teaspoon baking powder

in a small mixing bowl , combine the buttermilk and salt . whisk together the remaining dry ingredients , and stir them into the buttermilk . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface , and knead it until the dough is just developed , about 5 minutes . divide the dough into eight pieces , each approximately 2 1/2 ounces . on a lightly floured surface , roll each piece into a circle about 8 '' in diameter . if you have access to a grill , cook the circles quickly on both sides , allowing them to get quite dark so you have a hint of the fire in the flavor . if you do n't have a grill , or just want to make life easier , bake them quickly in a hot frying pan until there are dark brown spots covering the surface . if you 're baking them in a very hot oven ( 450°f ) , you 'll discover that they 'll become rye pitas , as they 'll blow up like little balloons . upon cooling , keep the pottbrau covered ( deflate them if you 've chosen the oven route ) , as they 're meant to be soft and pliable . store for two days at room temperature , or freeze for up a month .

tips from our bakers

if you have time to cover the dough and let it rest for a couple of hours ( or overnight in the refrigerator ) before grilling or baking , the flavor and texture will be improved .


soft dinner rolls

an old favorite , these timeless rolls are always in fashion . golden brown outside and cream-colored inside , with just a hint of sweetness , these rolls are the perfect vehicle for a melting pat of butter , and a wonderful accompaniment to everything from soup and salad to meat and potatoes .

7 g regular instant yeast or active dry yeast
39 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
71 g lukewarm water ( potato water , if you have any saved )
170 g lukewarm milk
43 g butter , softened or melted

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or using the dough cycle on a bread machine — to make a smooth , soft dough . knead the dough on a lightly oiled surface until it 's smooth and supple . add flour if you must , but the dough will continue to absorb liquid as you knead , so try to knead for 5 minutes or so before adding any additional flour . remember , the more flour in the dough , the heavier and dryer the rolls will be . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set the dough aside to rise until it has doubled in bulk , 1 to 2 hours , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . to make the rolls : divide the dough into 16 pieces . shape each piece into a smooth ball . lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans , or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . space the rolls in the pan ( s ) , cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow them to rise for about 1 hour , until they 're very puffy and are touching one another . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 22 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , set them on a wire rack to cool , and brush them with melted butter or margarine , if desired . this will give the rolls a soft crust . serve the rolls warm , or store them in an airtight container at room temperature for several days . freeze for up to a month .




dried fruit focaccia

easy to put together , sweet to eat , and vegan . make sure you use a good , fruity , extra-virgin olive oil for this treasure from the iowa state fair .

142 g dried cherries
85 g golden raisins
340 g boiling wateer
99 g extra-virgin olive oil , divided
298 g king arthur bread flour , plus more for dusting
50 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
50 g demerara sugar , for topping

in a large bowl , combine the cherries and raisins with the boiling water ; let soak for 10 to 15 minutes . drain the fruit , reserving 1 cup of the soaking liquid ; set the fruit aside . add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to the soaking liquid ; set aside . in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the beater paddle , combine the flour , granulated sugar , yeast , salt , and cinnamon ; mix just to combine . with the mixer on low speed , add the soaking liquid/olive oil mixture and the fruit . mix until the fruit is evenly distributed , but the dough is still tacky , about 3 minutes . turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface , and knead for 1 minute . prepare your choice of two 8 '' round pans or one 9 '' x 13 '' pan : pour 1/4 cup of the olive oil into the 9 '' x 13 '' pan , or divide it evenly between the two round pans . place all of the dough in the larger pan , or divide it evenly between the two round pans . grease your hands and spread the dough out as much as possible without tearing it . cover the dough and let it rest , pressing it out every 10 minutes until it fills the pan ; this may take up to about 40 minutes . then let the dough rise until doubled in size , about 1 hour . meanwhile , place a baking stone in your oven and preheat it to 425°f . just before baking , grease your fingers and press dimples into the risen dough . drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil , and sprinkle the demerara sugar over the top . set the pan ( s ) directly on the stone and bake until the focaccia is deep golden brown on the top and bottom , 25 to 30 minutes . remove from the oven and transfer from the pan ( s ) to a rack to cool . cut into wedges or squares using a pizza wheel or serrated knife , and serve warm .




whole wheat sourdough bread

we love the combination of sourdough and whole wheat . the tanginess of a fed and active starter complements the inherent nuttiness of the flour . together the two create a perfectly soft and moist loaf ideal for sandwiches , toast , and just about any other bread-based snack .

227 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
255 g lukewarm water
340 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium 100 % whole wheat flour
14 g whole grain bread improver , optional ; for a better , faster rise
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
25 g vegetable oil

combine all of the ingredients , mixing until a shaggy dough forms . let the dough rest , covered , for 20 minutes , then knead until fairly smooth and slightly sticky . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise until almost doubled , about 60 to 90 minutes . gently fold the dough over a few times on a lightly floured work surface . shape it into an 8 '' log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the loaf and let it rise until it 's crowned 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , or until the loaf is golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers 205°f to 210°f . remove the bread from the oven , let it sit in the pan for 5 minutes , then turn it out onto a rack to cool .

tips from our bakers

this bread gets a wonderfully hearty crust when made in our emile covered bread loaf baker . bake the loaf in a preheated 350°f oven with the lid on for 35 minutes then remove the lid and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer .


orange sweet rolls

these sweet rolls are perfect for citrus lovers . rolled up like cinnamon buns , they feature orange marmalade filling and orange-scented icing .

rolls

198 g to 255 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor , optional
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast , saf gold instant yeast preferred
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
43 g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

filling

78 g orange marmalade

icing

142 confectioners ' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract or 1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia
21 g to 28 g orange juice , enough to make a soft , spreadable icing

mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take about 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . rising may take longer , especially if you have n't used saf gold yeast , or if you 've kneaded by hand ; give the dough enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat or roll it into a 16 '' x 12 '' rectangle . it 's a nice , soft dough , and pats out easily . spread the marmalade evenly over the surface of the dough , leaving about 3/4 '' of one long side free of marmalade . roll the dough into a log the long way , rolling towards the bare edge . when the log is completely rolled , pinch the long seam closed as best you can . using a serrated knife , slice the log into 16 slices . in order to cut down on drag , it helps to rinse the blade in hot water and wipe it off between slices . space eight rolls in each of the prepared pans . cover the pans , and let the rolls rise until they 're noticeably puffy , about 45 minutes to 1 hour ( again , longer if you have n't used saf gold yeast ) ; they should spread out and start to crowd one another . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls until they 're brown around the edges and beginning to turn golden brown across the center , about 23 to 25 minutes . if you 're going to serve the rolls immediately , make the icing while the rolls are baking . combine the sugar , orange oil , vanilla , and enough orange juice to make a spreadable icing . if you 're not serving the rolls immediately , do n't make the icing yet . remove the rolls from the oven , and loosen their edges with a knife . turn them out of the pan onto a rack . to enjoy right away , spread with the icing and serve . to serve the rolls later , allow them to cool completely , then wrap in plastic wrap and store at room temperature for up to 3 days . shortly before you 're ready to serve , preheat the oven to 350°f . unwrap the rolls , place them on an ungreased baking sheet , and tent lightly with aluminum foil . bake for 10 to 15 minutes , until they 're nicely warmed . while the rolls are reheating , make the icing . remove the rolls from the oven , and spread with the icing . serve immediately . yield : 16 rolls .

tips from our bakers

saf gold yeast makes a big difference in the rising time for these rolls . if you use saf gold , each rise will take about 45 minutes ; using another yeast will extend the rising time up to about 2 hours for each rise.not a fan of orange marmalade ? substitute apricot preserves , if desired ; the rolls wo n't be as `` orange-y , '' but will be delicious nonetheless .


pdq* onion rye bread

*as in pretty darned quick . it 's almost oxymoronic to think of rye bread , traditionally made with a starter and treated to a long , slow rise , as being quickly made . but you can mix up the baking powder leavened batter for this tender , moist bread in just a couple of minutes . a hot , delicious loaf will be on your table in less than an hour , start to finish . we love to serve this toasted and buttered , with eggs at breakfast or with stew or soup later in the day . it also makes a tasty open-faced reuben or pastrami sandwich .

294 g rye flour blend
1/2 teaspoon deli rye flavor
1 teaspoon salt
14 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
57 g canned `` french fried '' onions
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
39 g vegetable oil
1 large egg
227 g water
113 g sour cream
artisan bread topping , for sprinkling on top

preheat the oven to 350°f and grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-sized bowl , whisk together the dry ingredients . in another medium-sized bowl , whisk together the oil , egg , water and sour cream , then stir the liquid ingredients into the dry ingredients , mixing just until blended . the mixture will look a bit lumpy ; that 's ok. pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake the bread for 50 to 55 minutes , or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the bread from the oven , wait 5 minutes , then turn it out of the pan and cool it on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .




organic wheat pita with fruit salsa

layer and fill pocket breads with meat and cheese , stuff with chicken or tuna salad , or spread with peanut butter and jelly ; this white whole wheat bread complements a wide range of ingredients .

salsa

227 g diced fresh pineapple
43 g diced red bell pepper
43 g diced green bell pepper
43 g diced red onion
1 ripe kiwi fruit , peeled and diced
2 teaspoons salsa seasoning

pitas

198 g king arthur white whole wheat flour , organic preferred
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
283 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil

to make the salsa : combine all of the salsa ingredients in a small bowl , tossing to combine . refrigerate for several hours , or overnight . to make the pitas : combine all of the pita ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth dough . cover the dough , and allow it to rise until it 's puffy , about 90 minutes . place a pizza stone on the bottom rack of your oven , or line a baking sheet with parchment ( or grease it lightly ) . preheat the oven to 450°f . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into eight pieces , shaping each piece into a rough ball . let the balls rest for 10 minutes , covered . lightly spray a silicone rolling mat , or clean work surface , with non-stick vegetable oil spray . use a rolling pin to roll one ball of dough into a 6 '' circle that 's slightly less than 1/4 '' thick . repeat with another ball of dough . place the pitas on the hot pizza stone , or place them on the prepared baking sheet , and put the baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven . bake the pitas for 4 to 5 minutes , until they puff up . turn them over , and bake for another minute or two ; total baking time should be about 6 minutes ( about 7 minutes , if you 're baking on a pan rather than a stone ) . remove them from the oven , stack them on a kitchen towel , and fold the towel up over them ; this will keep them from becoming crisp as they cool . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough . pitas can be stored at room temperature in a bag or closed container . to combine : carefully separate the two sides of the pita to make two large , thin rounds out of each . spray each round with olive oil spray , and cut into wedges or squares . place in a single layer on a baking sheet , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 15 to 20 minutes , until crisp and beginning to brown . remove from the oven , and cool on a rack , or right on the pan . serve with fruit salsa .

tips from our bakers

baking pitas on a hot stone produces a more reliable `` ballooning '' effect than baking them on a baking sheet . they 'll usually balloon when you use a baking sheet , but not always . it helps if your oven is 450°f ; do n't let the temperature edge down below that.the salsa is simple to make , and lends itself to a multitude of variations . substitute diced fresh peaches for the pineapple . add a bit of diced jalapeño pepper for extra heat , or a squeeze of lime juice , if you fear the fruit you 've used will discolor . we also made it with oven-dried pineapple , which intensifies its flavor . to bake pineapple , peel a fresh pineapple , and cut it into 1/4 '' thick slices ; no need to core it . place the slices on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet in a single layer . bake for 50 to 55 minutes , until the pineapple is barely beginning to brown around the edges . cool , and dice . and yes , if you insist , you can use canned pineapple in place of fresh .

not into fruit salsa ? make an easy corn and black bean salsa by substituting 1 cup cooked corn kernels and 1/2 cup cooked black beans for the pineapple , and 1 small tomato , diced , for the kiwi .


reuben strata

this classic corned-beef packed sandwich appears in casserole form , for an easy , make-ahead way to feed a crowd and still spend time with your guests .

319 g well-drained sauerkraut
6 large eggs
113 g milk
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce
18 slices rye bread , divided
198 g russian dressing , divided
2 pounds sliced corned beef
170 to 227 g sliced swiss cheese

preheat the oven to 350°f . generously butter a 9 '' x 13 '' casserole dish . place the drained sauerkraut on a parchment-lined baking sheet , spreading it out well , and bake for 20 minutes to dry it out . remove it from the oven and cool . while the sauerkraut is baking , beat the eggs with the milk and worcestershire sauce in a shallow 2-quart dish . take 9 slices of rye bread and trim them to be mostly square ( save the trimmings ) . dip the slices in the egg mixture ( submerging them completely , then drain off any excess ) and use them to line the bottom of the buttered casserole dish . use the trimmings to fill in any gaps as needed ( dip them first , too ) . spread the bread layer with 1/2 cup of russian dressing . put the dried sauerkraut over the dressing , and spread it evenly . layer all the meat over the sauerkraut , and spread with the remaining 1/2 cup russian dressing . cover with a layer of sliced swiss cheese . trim , then dip 9 more slices of rye bread , covering the top of the casserole completely . cover with a layer of parchment , then foil . you can refrigerate overnight if you 're making it ahead at this point . bake , covered , for 40 minutes ( 45 minutes if chilled overnight ) . after 40 minutes , uncover the pan and sprinkle with parmesan , if desired . bake for 10 to 15 minutes more , until the top is golden brown . remove the strata from the oven ( the edges are likely to be a bit juicy ) , and let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes for the juices to be reabsorbed . cut the strata into 9 large or 18 smaller squares . yield : 9 to 18 servings , depending on size .




soft bread sticks

if you 've ever enjoyed soft bread sticks at pizza hut , you 'll recognize these . the best part is , you can have them on the table in under 90 minutes , with just about 10 minutes of actual `` hands-on '' time . these are wonderful served with marinara sauce ( as they are in restaurants ) , or dipped in your favorite flavored olive oil .

340 g lukewarm water
35 g olive oil , plus additional for drizzling
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast
4 teaspoons pizza dough flavor , optional
pizza seasoning or italian seasoning , to sprinkle on top

lightly grease an 18 '' x 13 '' pan ( half sheet pan ) , and drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil in the bottom . combine all of the ingredients , and beat at high speed with an electric mixer for 60 seconds . scoop the sticky batter into the prepared pan , spreading it nearly to the edges . oiling your fingers helps with the job . use a rolling pizza wheel or knife to score the dough in 3/4 '' to 1 '' wide crosswise strips , to make 13 '' -long strips . score the dough once lengthwise , so that you now have 6 1/2 '' -long strips . cover the pan , and let the dough rise at room temperature for 60 minutes , till it 's become puffy . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . drizzle the dough lightly with olive oil , and sprinkle with pizza seasoning , and/or the dried herbs of your choice , if desired . bake the bread till it 's a very light golden brown , about 25 minutes . remove it from the oven , and carefully lift it out of the pan onto a rack . as soon as you can handle it , cut the dough along the score lines . a pair of scissors works well here . place the bread sticks back on their baking pan , on edge . you can put them close together . return them to the oven , and bake for 5 minutes ( for soft bread sticks ) , or 10 minutes ( for bread sticks that can stand up to a stiffer dip ) . remove them from the oven , and serve warm , or at room temperature . yield : about 3 dozen bread sticks .

tips from our bakers

for really soft bread sticks , bake the bread , cut it into strips , and serve immediately ; do n't bake further .


crusty old-world sesame braid

crusty , flavorful and golden-crusted , this sesame seed bread brings an old world bakery flair when it accompanies your sandwiches and soups . what could possibly be better ?

poolish ( starter )

227 g cool water , about 65°f
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon ( a pinch ) instant yeast

dough

113 g cool water , about 65°f
241 g to 305 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast ( remainder of yeast packet , if using one )
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 large egg white mixed with 14 g water
35 g sesame seeds

to make the poolish : combine all of the poolish ingredients , mixing just until a cohesive dough forms . allow it to rest , covered , for 12 to 16 hours at room temperature . when the poolish is ready , it will be filled with large holes and bubbles . to make the dough : add the water to the poolish , and mix until smooth . add the flour , yeast and salt , and knead the dough until it 's fairly smooth but not necessarily elastic , about 3 minutes by machine , or 5 minutes by hand . ( the gluten will continue to develop as the dough rises , so you do n't want to develop it fully during the kneading process . ) place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow the dough to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours . to help develop the gluten and distribute the yeast 's food , turn the dough twice during the rising time : gently fold all four sides into the middle , and turn the dough over . divide the dough in thirds , and roll each third into a 20 '' -long rope . braid the ropes . set the braid on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until just puffy . to bake the bread : preheat oven to 425°f . gently brush the braid with the beaten egg white mixture and sprinkle generously with sesame seeds . bake at 425°f for 25 to 35 minutes or until the loaf is golden and feels lighter when picked up . remove the braid from the oven and cool on a rack . store on the counter , well-wrapped , for 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




herbed texas toast

do n't mess with texas — toast , that is . double-thick slabs of bread , buttered and grilled , are just right for enormous sandwiches , chicken-fried steak or barbecue .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
7 g pizza dough flavor , optional
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning or mixed italian herbs
227 g milk
50 g olive oil or garlic oil
74 g water
olive oil or garlic oil , extra for grilling

combine the dry ingredients in a medium-sized mixing bowl . heat the milk , water and oil until lukewarm and add to the dry mixture . beat well , then stir in enough additional flour to make a stiff batter ; the dough should be too slack to knead by hand , but stiff enough to hold its shape . spoon the batter into an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and let the loaf rise in a warm place for 45 minutes , or until it 's crowned over the top of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes . remove it from the pan and cool before slicing . slice the bread about 3/4 '' thick , brush with olive oil or garlic oil , and grill — on your outdoor grill , or on a stovetop griddle .




crumpets

this traditional british teatime treat is midway between english muffin and pancake . like an english muffin , it 's full of holes , perfect for collecting rivulets of melted butter . but it 's also moister and thinner – more like a small pancake . these are best enjoyed toasted , and spread with butter , jam , and/or clotted cream . since their holes reach to the outside crust , there 's no need to split them before toasting . you can make crumpets without english muffin rings ( or cleaned tuna cans ) , but they 'll be perfectly round and ever so much nicer looking if you use rings .

340 g lukewarm water
227 g lukewarm milk
28 g melted butter
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

combine all of the ingredients in a bowl , and beat vigorously for 2 minutes . a stand or hand mixer , set on high speed , work well here . cover the bowl , and let the batter rest at room temperature for 1 hour . it will expand and become bubbly . towards the end of the rest , preheat a griddle to medium-low , about 325°f . if you do n't have an electric griddle , preheat a frying pan ; it should n't be as hot as the temperature you use to cook pancakes . lightly grease the griddle or frying pan , and place well-greased 3 3/4 '' english muffin rings in the pan , as many as will fit . ( if you do n't have english muffin rings , use well-cleaned tuna cans , from which you 've removed the top and bottom . ) pour sticky batter by the scant 1/4-cupful into each ring ; a muffin scoop works well here . after about 4 minutes , use a pair of tongs to slip the rings off . cook the crumpets for a total of about 10 minutes on the first side , until their tops are riddled with small bubbles/holes . they should be starting to look a bit dry around the edges . their bottoms will be a mottled , light-golden brown . note : they probably wo n't be as full of holes as store-bought crumpets ; that 's ok . turn the crumpets over , and cook for an additional 5 minutes , to finish cooking the insides and to brown the tops gently . this is n't traditional ; `` real '' crumpets are white on top , but the crumpet police wo n't chastise you for adding a little color to the tops . remove the crumpets from the pan , and repeat with the remaining batter , until all the crumpets are cooked . serve warm . or cool completely , wrap in plastic , and store at room temperature . to enjoy , warm in the toaster . serve with butter , or butter and jam .




the almost-no-knead baguette

here 's a great , easy way to launch your baguette-baking career . our thanks to jeff hertzberg 's `` artisan bread in five minutes a day '' for the inspiration . read our blog about this bread , with additional photos , at flourish .

680 g lukewarm water
964 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon table salt or 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast

find a large ( 6-quart ) bowl or bucket , for dough storage in the fridge . lightly grease the bowl or bucket . place the water directly into the bowl or or other large container . add the dry ingredients to the water , and stir to combine . mix until there are no dry spots ; the texture of the dough should be fairly soft . knead the dough gently for a few minutes , by hand ; it 'll be very sticky . or knead for 1 or 2 minutes in a stand mixer . cover the container , and let the dough rest at room temperature for 2 hours . refrigerate overnight , or for up to 7 days . to bake bread : scoop out a scant 1 pound of dough ( about ¼ of the batch , about 14 ½ ounces ) . place on a greased work surface . shape the dough into a rough , slightly flattened oval . fold the dough in half lengthwise , and seal the edges with the heel of your hand . flatten slightly , and fold lengthwise and seal again . with the seam side down , cup your fingers and gently roll the of dough into a 15 '' log . place the log seam-side down onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or into the well of a baguette pan . cover and allow the baguette to rise till it 's very puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 450°f . slash the baguette three or four times on the diagonal . spritz the baguette heavily with warm water , and bake until a very deep golden brown , 25 to 30 minutes . remove from the oven and cool on a rack . yield : 1 large baguette .




pear bran bread

this tasty quick bread , with its extremely low fat and sodium contents , absence of cholesterol , and healthy dose of fiber , is made with whole-wheat flour for added goodness . but do n't be put off by its `` good-for-you '' ingredients ; this bread is every bit as tasty as its two close relations , zucchini and banana bread , but much better nutritionally . and at only about 110 calories a 1/2-inch slice , it 's good for your diet , too .

85 g molasses
85 g honey
1 large egg white
227 g buttermilk
25 g vegetable oil , such as canola
198 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
32 g wheat bran
99 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
326 g finely chopped fresh hard pears
57 g chopped walnuts

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 10 '' x 5 '' or 9 '' x 5 '' pan . mix together molasses , honey , egg white , buttermilk and oil . mix flour , bran , sugar , baking soda and salt ; add all at once to wet mixture . stir in chopped pears and walnuts . scoop into pan , and place in the oven . bake at 350°f for 60 to 70 minutes , until bread tests done ( cake tester inserted in middle of loaf comes out clean ) . cool , then wrap and store at room temperature for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




grape-nut pudding

if you 're a new englander , you 'll know that grapenut pudding is a staple of truck stops and diners all over the region . this soft , sweet `` nursery food '' dessert has much in common with both rice pudding , and tapioca . if you love either of these old-fashioned treats , you 'll love this pudding , with its slight hint of nuttiness from the grape-nuts® cereal . serve it warm ( or cold ) with freshly whipped cream or ice cream ( rum raisin is a wonderful match ) , if desired .

454 g milk
227 g cream — half & half , light , whipping , or heavy
3 large eggs
8 g vanilla extract
85 g grape-nuts cereal
70 g to 106 g brown sugar , to taste
3 g salt

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease an 8 '' round cake that 's at least 2 '' deep . whisk together the milk , cream , eggs , and vanilla . add the grape-nuts , brown sugar , and salt , stirring to combine thoroughly . pour the mixture into the prepared pan . set the pan in a larger pan , and pour in warm water to come about 3/4 up the sides of the 8 '' pan ; this `` water bath '' will allow the custard to cook slowly and stay smooth . bake the pudding for 60 minutes ; a toothpick inserted into the center will come out clean . remove the pudding from the oven . allow the pudding to set for 15 to 30 minutes before serving ; or cool completely , then refrigerate . spoon individual servings onto plates or into bowls . top with whipped cream or ice cream , if desired . refrigerate any leftovers . yield : 6 to 8 servings .

tips from our bakers

for elegant presentation ( even though `` elegant grapenut pudding '' might be an oxymoron ) , cut pudding into rounds with a biscuit cutter and serve on a plate , rather than in a bowl.why the range in sugar ? some people prefer their pudding quite sweet ; others , knowing they 'll be adding whipped cream or ice cream , prefer it a bit less sweet .


sticky buns

sticky buns are a quintessential american breakfast treat . our version features soft , milk- and butter-enriched buns stuffed with aromatic cinnamon filling and glazed with a sticky , sugary topping loaded with pecans . it does n't get any better than this ! our guarantee : these buns will be soft and sticky right out of the oven , and will firm up as they cool . moderately scented with cinnamon , their main flavor is sweet . they 'll rise about 2 '' high .

dough

1 packet `` highly active '' active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
198 to 255 g lukewarm water*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g baker 's special dry milk or 5/8 ounce nonfat dry milk
43 g instant mashed potato flakes
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

glaze

156 g light corn syrup or maple syrup
14 g rum , optional
43 g butter , melted
50 g sticky bun sugar ; or 213 g brown sugar , light or dark
113 g diced pecans

cinnamon filling*

99 g granulated sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
* or use 74 g baker 's cinnamon filling mixed with 28 g water

first , make the dough . if you 're using active dry yeast , dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water . let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes , until the mixture has bubbled and expanded . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the dissolved yeast ( or instant yeast ) with the remainder of the dough ingredients . mix and knead everything togetherby hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycletill you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take 5 to 7 minutes at second speed , and the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's nearly doubled in bulk . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans . to make the glaze , whisk together the syrup , rum ( if you 're using it ) and melted butter . divide the glaze evenly between the pans . sprinkle the sugar and pecans atop the glaze . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat or roll it into a 16 '' x 12 '' rectangle . it 's a nice , soft dough , and pats out easily . to make the filling , whisk together the sugar , cinnamon , and flour . sprinkle filling evenly over the dough , leaving an uncovered strip about 1 '' wide along one long end of the rectangle . starting with the sugar-covered edge , roll the dough into a log the long way . using a serrated knife , slice the log into 16 slices . in order to cut down on drag , it helps to rinse the blade in hot water , and wipe it off , between slices . space eight buns in each of the prepared pans . cover the pans , and let the buns rise till they spread out and touch one another , about 60 to 90 minutes . while the buns are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the sticky buns for 15 minutes . tent them lightly with aluminum foil , and bake till they 're a light golden brown , about 10 more minutes . remove the buns from the oven , and loosen their edges with a knife . carefullythe sugar is hot ! turn them out onto a rack or parchment-covered sheet pan to cool , scraping any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns . serve warm , or at room temperature . wrap airtight and store at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

do n't like nuts ? not a problem ; leave out the pecans.be sure to turn the buns out of their pans immediately . if you wait , the sticky topping will remain in the pan , not on the bunswhen making anything with yeast , including these buns , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time.want to make these fresh and hot for breakfast ? make the dough , shape the buns , and place them in the pan ( with the glaze ) ; do n't let them rise . place the pan of buns in the refrigerator for up to 16 hours before you want to serve hot buns . remove the buns from the fridge , and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour . bake them in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes , until they 're golden brown and the filling is bubbly .


hearth bread

this recipe , also known as `` the easiest loaf of bread you 'll ever bake , '' appeared on the back of our king arthur flour bags for years . many a baker has learned to bake crusty hearth-style bread using this recipe — how about you ? with its directions geared towards the beginning bread baker , this is a wonderful place for a `` newbie '' to start .

1 packet active dry yeast or 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
14 g sugar
14 g salt
454 g lukewarm water ( not over 110°f )
663 g to 723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
cornmeal or semolina , for sprinkling on the pan

mix all of the ingredients together , using the smaller amount of flour . mix thoroughly until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl , adding more of the flour if necessary . turn the dough out onto a floured surface to knead . ( this may be a little messy , but do n't give up ! ) to knead : fold the far edge of the dough back over on itself towards you . press into the dough with the heels of your hands and push away . after each push , rotate the dough 90° . repeat this process in a rhythmic , rocking motion for 5 minutes , sprinkling only enough flour on your kneading surface to prevent sticking . let the dough rest while you scrape out and grease the mixing bowl . knead the dough again for 2 to 3 minutes . return the dough to the bowl and turn it over once to grease the top . cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm , draft-free place ( your turned-off oven works well ) until the dough doubles in bulk , about 1 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough . cut it in half and shape into two oval italian- or longer , thinner french-style loaves . place the loaves on a baking sheet generously sprinkled with cornmeal or semolina . let the loaves rise , gently covered in greased plastic wrap , for 45 minutes , until they 're noticeably puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . lightly slash the tops of the loaves three or more times diagonally and brush or spray them generously with lukewarm water . place the pan on the middle rack of the oven . bake the bread for 25 to 35 minutes , until the crust is golden brown and sounds hollow to the touch . the interior temperature of the bread should register at least 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the loaves from the oven , take them off the pan , and return them to the oven , placing them right on the rack . turn the oven off and crack the door open several inches . let the loaves cool in the cooling oven ; this will make them extra-crusty . store completely cool bread in a paper bag at room temperature for a couple of days . for longer storage , wrap well and freeze .

tips from our bakers

can you mix and knead this dough using a mixer or bread machine ? yes , of course . knead at medium speed in an electric mixer for about 7 minutes . to use a bread machine , set it on the dough cycle , and let the machine complete its cycle . shape , let rise , and bake bread as directed in the recipe above . as a result of reader feedback , as of 7/10/17 we 've omitted the instructions for baking the bread by starting it in a cold oven . not all ovens preheat the same way , and baking in a preheating oven may cause bread to burn . for those of you who 've been making this recipe successfully starting in a cold oven , here are the directions you 'd been using , starting with slashing the risen loaves : `` lightly slash the tops of the loaves three or more times diagonally and brush them with cold water . place the pan on the middle rack of a cold oven with a roasting filled about 1 '' deep with boiling water on the oven bottom . set the oven temperature to 450°f , and turn on the oven . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , until the crust is golden brown and sounds hollow to the touch . its interior temperature should register at least 190°f on a digital thermometer . ''


greek olive and onion bread

many greek breads are associated with specific religious holidays : the most famous of these are tsoureki , a golden braid enclosing colorful dyed hard-boiled eggs , at easter ; and citrus and spice christopsomo , at christmas . elioti , an olive-studded loaf , was originally a lenten bread , but is now commonly available year-round . the following is our take on that classic . this savory bread is softer than a typical hearth loaf , though it 's quite chewy . serve it plain ; toasted and drizzled with olive oil ; or sliced for sandwiches ( turkey , lettuce and tomato is a favorite ) .

sponge

227 g water
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
128 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the sponge
113 g water
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
142 g greek or kalamata olives , pitted and halved ( see `` tips , '' below . )
92 g red onion , peeled , finely minced , and lightly sauteed

to make the sponge : combine the water , flours and yeast in a medium-sized mixing bowl . stir until fairly smooth , cover , and let the mixture rest at room temperature for 12 to 18 hours . to make the dough : add the water , flour and salt to the sponge , and stir to combine . knead the dough — by hand , mixer , food processor or bread machine — until it 's smooth and supple . it 'll be a bit dry and stiff at this point , but once you add the onion and olives , and they release their juices , it 'll become soft . allow the dough to rest , covered , for about 15 minutes . knead in the olives and the onion , place the dough in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and set the dough aside to rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's doubled in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface . divide it in half and form each half into a ball or an oval . place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking pan or sheet , or one that 's been dusted with cornmeal . cover the loaves with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow them to rise for 1 hour , or until they 're nearly doubled in size . ( see `` tips , '' below . ) preheat your oven to 450°f . just before placing the loaves in the oven , make several slashes across the top of each , and spritz them lightly with water . bake the bread for 20 to 22 minutes , until it 's golden brown and the loaves sound hollow when tapped on the bottom , or an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 200°f . remove them from the oven , and cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

one 4-ounce jar of pitted olives , drained , will yield 1 cup of olives.for extra flavor , the dough may be refrigerated for 4 to 18 hours before baking . this will give the loaves their best flavor , and will contribute to a nice , open texture .


sourdough honey quinoa bread

a tender , rather nubby loaf that makes amazing whole-grain , protein-packed sandwiches , and is just as good simply toasted with butter and jam . from amaranth to teff , ancient grains offer a world of baking possibilities . find all the information you need — plus tasty recipes — in our complete guide to baking with ancient grains .

quinoa

89 g raw quinoa
227 g water

dough

cooked quinoa from above
113 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
113 g water , at room temperature
25gs old-fashioned rolled oats
43 g honey
25 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
149 g to 177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
11 g baker 's special dry milk or potato flour ( for vegan )
1 teaspoon salt

to prepare the quinoa : rinse the quinoa in a strainer for 1 minute . transfer it to a small saucepan , add the water , cover , and simmer over medium heat until all of the liquid is absorbed ( about 10 to 15 minutes ) . remove from the heat and cool to room temperature . to make the dough : in a large bowl combine the cooked quinoa , starter , water , oats , honey or brown sugar , oil , yeast , and whole wheat flour . stir until well combined , cover , and let sit for 10 minutes . after this rest , add 1 1/4 cups of bread flour , the dry milk or potato flour , and salt . knead the dough , by hand or mixer , until it becomes smooth and springy . it will seem dry at first , but will become more cohesive as you work with it . if it becomes sticky , use a little more flour . transfer the dough to a greased bowl , cover , and let rise for 1 hour , until almost doubled . after the first rise , deflate the dough and shape it into a loaf . place in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan and cover with greased plastic or an inverted bowl . let rise for 30 to 40 minutes , until the dough crowns 1 '' above the rim of the pan . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . when the dough has risen , slash the top and bake for 40 to 45 minutes , until deep golden brown . remove from the oven , tip out of the pan , and cool on a rack before slicing .

tips from our bakers

what is `` ripe '' sourdough starter ? it 's a starter that 's been fed and allowed to work at room temperature until at its peak level of activity . it should be full of bubbles ; if you watch it for 10 to 15 seconds , you should see bubbles coming to the surface and popping , as if a slow-motion boil is happening . to make this a vegan loaf , use maple syrup or brown sugar in place of the honey , and potato flour instead of milk powder.interested in learning more about ancient grains — and how to use them ? see our complete guide to baking with ancient grains .


potato-onion rye loaf

this moist , flavorful rye loaf is great for sandwiches — especially reubens !

340 g boiling water
32 g wheat berries
266 g first clear flour
103 g medium rye or 106 g pumpernickel
35 g potato flour
1 tablespoon king arthur whole-grain bread improver or vital wheat gluten
25 g vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 to 2 teaspoons deli rye flavor ( optional , but very good )
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon caramel color ( optional )
50 g `` french-fried onions ''

pour the boiling water over the rye berries , and cool to lukewarm . add the remaining ingredients ( except the onions ) and mix , then knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a slightly sticky , shiny dough . knead in the onions , place the dough into a greased bowl , and cover . let rise in warm spot for 1 to 2 hours , until it 's grown by at least a third . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface and form it into one large ( 15 '' to 16 '' ) batard , or two smaller loaves . cover and allow to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy looking . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . just before baking , spritz the bread with water and make four or five 1/4 '' deep diagonal slashes in the top of the crust . bake the large loaf for 10 minutes in the oven , then reduce oven heat to 350°f and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes . for two smaller loaves , turn the oven down immediately and bake at 350°f for 25 to 30 minutes . the bread will be done when its interior registers 195°f on an instant-read thermometer , the loaf is well-colored , and it feels lighter to pick it up . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




harvest grains stuffing loaf

this moist , whole-grain loaf tastes like stuffing ; use it as the base for your thanksgiving turkey 's stuffing , or to make wonderful turkey sandwiches the next day .

340 g lukewarm water
170 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
78 g harvest grains blend
21 g whole flax meal
43 g potato flour or potato flakes
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
28 g soft butter or 7/8 ounce vegetable oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons poultry seasoning or 1 1/2 teaspoons ground sage + 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth dough . cover the dough , and allow it to rise for 1 hour , until it becomes puffy . shape the dough into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . set the loaf aside to rise , covered , for about 45 minutes , or until it ? s crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for about 35 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and the interior of the loaf registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , and cool for 5 minutes before turning the loaf out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . yield : 1 loaf .




sesame semolina lunettas

this light-textured , golden loaf , shaped in a traditional italian `` lunetta , '' is perfect with pasta , and scrumptious for sandwiches . read our blog about this bread , with additional photos , at flourish .

dough

411 g semolina
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon diastatic malt powder , optional , for highest rise
301 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil or toasted sesame oil

topping

5 teaspoons sesame seeds or whole flax seeds
1 egg white whisked with 1 tablespoon cold water

combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing to form a cohesive dough . knead to make a smooth , fairly stiff dough . this will take about 6 minutes in a stand mixer equipped with a dough hook . you may also make the dough in your bread machine , set on the dough cycle . shape the dough into a ball , and let it rise in a covered bowl for about 90 minutes , till it 's just about doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it in half . shape each half into an 18 '' rope . working with one piece of dough at a time , mark the center of the rope , and coil one end to the center . coil the other end , as pictured , to make an `` s '' shape . place the loaves on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet , and cover with lightly greased plastic wrap , or a large casserole pan , such as an oversized disposable lasagna pan . let the loaves rise for about an hour , till they 're nice and puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the loaves with the beaten egg white , and sprinkle liberally with the sesame or flax seeds . bake the loaves for about 25 minutes , till they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack .




no-knead chocolate-cherry pecan bread

this easy , no-knead loaf features the best crust we 've ever obtained using our home ovens . based on the method from jim lahey outlined in the new york times article by mark bittman on november 8 , 2006 , this bread requires very little effort . but you do have to plan ahead — start it the night before , then bake the next day , or start early in the morning for bread in the evening . note that this recipe makes a very dark-brown loaf ; if you do n't like your bread `` continental-style '' — just shy of burned — cut back on the baking time , as suggested in the directions . recipe updated jan. 25 , 2018 ; see `` tips , '' below , for details .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
53 g medium rye flour
57 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
354 g cool water
92 g sweetened tart cherries
85 g chocolate chips
159 g diced pecans , toasted

mix flours , salt , yeast , and water in a large bowl . add cherries , chocolate chips , and pecans . stir well to make a tacky dough , and cover the bowl with plastic wrap . let rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 12 hours ; the dough will be bubbly and puffy . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface , and fold it onto itself a few times . let it rest 15 minutes , then form it into a ball . place it in a lightly greased bowl , smooth side down . cover and let rise at room temperature about 2 hours , until a slight indentation remains when poked with a finger . during the last 30 minutes of rising , preheat the oven to 450°f and place a heavy , 4- to 4 1/2-quart oven-safe pot in the oven while it heats . we 've found that black cast iron pots or dutch ovens do n't do well with this recipe , as the bread tends to burn . we suggest , if you 're using cast iron , to use a vessel that 's coated with enamel . if you do n't have a pot that can safely be preheated empty , preheat your oven without your pot inside ; and turn the dough into your room-temperature pot before baking . when the dough is risen , remove the pot from the oven . if you 're not sure how seasoned your pot is , you might want to grease it with some vegetable oil , to prevent sticking . alternatively , place a round of parchment in the bottom . turn the dough out of the bowl and into the pot ; the smooth side will be facing up . shake the crock gently to settle the dough , then cover with the lid and return to the oven . bake the bread for 20 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake another 30 to 40 minutes , until the bread is deep brown in color and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . if you prefer your bread more lightly browned , after its initial 20-minute bake start testing it after an additional 20 minutes , or when it 's as browned as you like . remove the crock from the oven , turn the bread onto a rack , and cool before slicing . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

as a result of reader feedback , we 've improved this bread 's rise and texture by increasing the yeast ( from 1/4 teaspoon to 1 teaspoon ) , and decreasing the water ( from 1 3/4 cups to 1 1/2 cups + 1 tablespoon ) .want to use pumpernickel flour ( or white/light rye ) in place of the medium rye flour in this recipe ? go right ahead.lacking a heavy oven-safe pot ? use a greased cake pan for the dough , and invert a heavy oven-safe pan over the top of the dough , creating a dome .


no-knead cheddar , tomato , and garlic bread

cheese , garlic , and sun-dried tomatoes are rolled into this savory , no-knead loaf , creating layers of bold flavors beneath a golden , chewy crust . you can use slices of this bread to make everything from exceptional grilled cheese and open-faced sandwiches to simple toast for breakfast or snacking .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
163 g semolina flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
57 g vermont cheese powder , optional ; for extra flavor
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g olive or garlic oil
340 g lukewarm water

filling

57 g dry-packed sun-dried tomatoes , julienned
6 garlic cloves , peeled and minced
113 g diced and/or grated cheddar cheese

topping

1 medium tomato or 1 pint assorted cherry tomatoes
3 to 6 garlic cloves

weigh the flours , or measure them by gently spooning them into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . combine the flours , yeast , cheese powder , salt , garlic oil , and water in a large mixing bowl , or a large ( 6-quart ) , food-safe plastic bucket . mix and stir everything together to make a sticky , elastic dough ; this will take about 90 seconds on medium speed in a stand mixer or 3 to 4 minutes by hand . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or rising bucket , cover it , and let it rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 8 hours ; the dough will become bubbly and rise quite a bit , so make sure it 's in a large container . when you 're ready to continue , turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , and pat it into a 12 '' x 14 '' rectangle . spread the sun-dried tomatoes , garlic , and cheese over the surface of the dough . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log . place the dough in a lightly greased long covered baker . cover the baker with its lid and allow the dough to rise until it 's very puffy , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . in the meantime , cut the tomato into five slices ( if using a full-size tomato ) . peel the garlic cloves ; slice them , if desired . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 450°f . line the tomato slices or scatter the cherry tomatoes down the loaf , and use the garlic cloves ( whole or sliced ) to fill any empty spaces . re-cover the baker . place the pan in the oven , and bake the bread for 40 minutes . remove the cover of the baker and bake the bread for 15 to 20 minutes longer , until the crust is golden brown ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf will read 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , allow it to cool for 10 minutes , then turn it out of the baker onto a rack to cool completely . store leftover bread in a plastic bag at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a long covered baker , bake the bread on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet for 35 to 40 minutes in a preheated 425° oven . tent it with aluminum foil about half-way through the bake time to prevent the top from browning too much . the loaf wo n't be quite as neatly shaped , but will be just as tasty .


zesty cornbread

take plain cornbread to new heights by adding your own favorite herb or spice mixture .

170 g yellow cornmeal
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g buttermilk powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning , taco seasoning , ground cumin , or mixed herbs
2 large eggs
227 g milk
57 g butter , melted
106 g diced red bell pepper ( about half a large pepper )
113 g corn ( roasted , fresh , or thawed frozen )
28 g grated cheese , optional , to sprinkle over the top

preheat the oven to 400°f . grease a round scone pan , or an 8 '' x 8 '' square pan . whisk together the cornmeal , flour , buttermilk powder , baking powder , salt , sugar , and seasoning . beat in the eggs , milk , and melted butter . stir in the diced pepper and corn . scoop the batter into the prepared pan , sprinkle with cheese , and bake for 20 to 22 minutes ( in a scone pan ) or 30 to 35 minutes ( in the 8 '' x 8 '' pan ) , until the bread is golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean . store at room temperature , well-wrapped , for 5 days or freeze for up to 3 months .




white chocolate bread

the white chocolate chips or chunks in this bread partially melt , scenting the whole bread with the aroma of white chocolate , and providing small `` pools '' of chocolate in every bite . the dough bakes into pillowy rolls for a morning snack .

dough

227 g low-fat milk
14 g water
28 g softened butter
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg , optional
170 g white chocolate chips or chunks

glaze , optional

85 g white chocolate chips or chunks
28 g butter
21 g honey or light corn syrup
14 g milk ( preferably whole ) or cream
113 g confectioners ' sugar or glazing sugar

topping

57 g white chocolate chips or chunks

to make the bread : place all of the dough ingredients ( see `` tips '' , below ) into the bucket of your bread machine . program the machine for basic bread , light crust , and press start . to make the glaze ( optional ) : in a small saucepan set over low heat , or in the microwave , melt together the white chocolate , butter , honey , and milk or cream , stirring until smooth . sift the sugar into the chocolate mixture , and stir ; thin with a teaspoon or so of extra milk if necessary to make a smooth , spreadable glaze . to make the topping : chop or crush the white chocolate . just before the final rise cycle begins , brush the top of the loaf with water or beaten egg white , and sprinkle with the crushed white chocolate . ( this step is optional , but if you like caramelized white chocolate , it really adds a nice touch . ) allow the machine to finish its cycle . to make into buns : after the rise , divide the dough into a dozen 2 1/2 ounce ( 71g ) pieces , shaped into round balls . place on a parchment-lined baking sheet . cover and let rise for 30 to 45 minutes ; the buns will be quite puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . gently brush the buns with water or beaten egg white , and sprinkle the white chocolate for the topping on them . bake the buns in a preheated 350°f oven for 18 to 20 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . optionally , spread the glaze over the warm rolls , then allow them to cool for an hour or so , for the glaze to harden . store for up to 5 days , well-wrapped at room temperature , or freeze for 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you have a bread machine that seems to heat the dough a lot as it kneads , such as the breadman , add half the chocolate at the beginning of the kneading cycle and half near the end , as otherwise it may all melt . adding all of the chocolate at the beginning worked fine with the zojirushi , which is a `` cooler kneader '' than breadman.bread machines are terrific tools and there 's always a few tips to improve the experience . check out our blog successful loaves from your bread machine to ensure a beautifully kneaded and baked loaf .


colomba pasquale ( easter dove bread )

while italy offers many traditional easter breads , the best-known by far is colomba pasquale , easter dove bread , a native of lombardy in the north , but available everywhere when easter rolls around . even in america one can find these panettone-like breads in their paper `` dove '' pans around the easter holidays . studded with citrus peel or the dried fruits of your choice ; gilded with a shiny coat of sugar-nut syrup , then sprinkled with almonds and pearl sugar , this is wonderful fresh , and makes delicious toast . ( be careful of sugar melting into your upright toaster , however ; either be prepared for a bit of burnt sugar smell , or toast the dove bread in a toaster oven . ) the dough for this bread is quite sticky , and it 's easiest mixed and kneaded in a machine of some sort . with its fairly high sugar and fat content , the dough is slow to come together , and equally slow to rise . have patience , and plan on extra time for rising if your house is cool . this is a perfect place to use saf gold instant yeast , which is designed specifically for high-sugar yeast breads . you 'll save at least an hour during each rise by using saf gold . while colomba is usually made with candied orange peel , we 've americanized it with dried fruit . use your favorite combination ; we 've chosen golden raisins , cranberries , and diced apricots .

biga ( overnight starter )

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g cool water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon saf gold instant yeast , or instant yeast
67 g granulated sugar
57 g butter , at room temperature
2 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved for topping ; room temperature preferred
1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract +1/8 teaspoon orange oil
grated peel of 1 large orange
170 g dried fruit of your choice , chopped if large

topping

1 large egg white , reserved from dough
3 tablespoons almond flour or 3 tablespoons blanched almonds , finely ground
25 g granulated sugar
14 g sliced almonds
28 g coarse white sugar or pearl sugar

the night before you want to make the bread , mix together the biga ( overnight starter ) ingredients . cover the bowl , and leave it at room temperature for up to 15 hours or so . next day , combine the bubbly starter with all of the remaining dough ingredients except the grated orange rind and the fruit . mix to combine . switch to the dough hook , and knead for about 12 minutes at medium speed , stopping the mixer every 3 minutes to scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl . by the end of the kneading time , the dough should have become elastic and satiny . it should be starting to leave the bottom and sides of the bowl , though it wo n't form a smooth ball . knead in the grated orange rind and dried fruit . cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for 2 hours ( 3 hours if you 're not using saf gold yeast ) . it should have become quite puffy . divide the dough in two pieces , with one slightly larger than the other . shape one into a 10 '' log , with one tapered end ; and the other into a 7 '' log . place the longest log lengthwise on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet ; use the edge of your hand to form a crease in the center . lay the shorter log crosswise across it , right at the crease . shape the shorter log into `` wings '' by pulling it into a crescent shape . ( we know , this does n't really look too awfully much like a dove ; think of it as a symbolic representation ! ) cover the shaped loaf with a cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise until it 's puffy ; this will take about 1 to 2 hours , depending on what type of yeast you 've used . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . make the topping by mixing the egg white , ground almonds , and sugar . gently paint this glaze all over the loaf ; be generous . sprinkle with the sliced almonds , then the pearl or coarse sugar . bake the loaf for 15 minutes , then reduce the oven heat to 350°f and bake for an additional 20 minutes , tenting it for the final 10 minutes of baking . the finished loaf will be golden brown , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and carefully slide it onto a rack to cool . serve in thin slices . some enjoy fresh colomba with a glass of wine ; some prefer it toasted , then drizzled with heavy cream or honey , and served with coffee . it 's delicious just plain , too ; serve it easter morning , or later in the day , as a sweet accompaniment to the easter ham . yield : 1 large loaf .




irish buttermilk brown bread

this 100 % whole wheat , craggy `` everyday '' loaf is enriched with a touch of sugar and a butter-brushed crust .

bread

454 g king arthur irish-style wholemeal flour or king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
35 g sugar
67 g buttermilk powder*
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
340 g water*
1 large egg
57 g melted butter or vegetable oil ( 1 3/4 ounces )
*or substitute 1 1/2 cups buttermilk in place of the water and buttermilk powder .

topping

14 g melted butter

preheat the oven to 375°f . grease a 1 1/2 to 2-quart baking dish , or an 8 '' or 9 '' cast-iron skillet or cake pan that 's at least 1 1/2 '' deep . in a large bowl , stir together the flour , sugar , buttermilk powder , salt , baking soda , and baking powder . in a smaller bowl , whisk together the water ( or buttermilk ) , egg , and melted butter or oil . make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the liquids . stir together until blended and no dry spots remain ; the dough will be soft and sticky . in fact , it 's probably more of a stiff batter than a soft dough . scoop the dough into the prepared pan , mounding it in the center . brush the top with the melted butter . wait 5 minutes for liquid to be absorbed by the flour before baking . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , or until it tests done ( a cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean . ) remove it from the oven , and serve warm . yield : one loaf , about 8 to 10 servings .




boston brown bread made in a loaf pan

and you thought it only came out of a can , right ? boston brown bread is actually a mixture of rye and wheat flours and cornmeal , sweetened with molasses , moistened with buttermilk , and steamed in a steamer for hours atop the stove . but we were willing to bet this bread could be baked as well as steamed . so we fooled around with the ingredients in several recipes — all remarkably the same , by the way — until we had something that would fit into a standard loaf pan . then , to somewhat imitate the steaming process , we covered the top with aluminum foil . after an hour in the oven , we peeled off the foil to reveal — brown bread !

78 g pumpernickel flour
106 g yellow cornmeal
85 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
106 g currants
340 g buttermilk
170 g molasses

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-size mixing bowl , whisk together the pumpernickel flour , cornmeal , whole wheat , baking soda , salt and currants . in a separate bowl , beat the buttermilk and molasses together until smooth . add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined ; there 's no need to beat the batter . spoon the batter into your loaf pan , and cover it with buttered aluminum foil , fastening the foil tight to the edges of the pan ( so the bread will steam a bit ) , but ballooning it in the center , so the bread has room to expand without hitting the foil . bake the bread for 1 hour . remove the foil ( the middle may be slightly sunken ; that 's ok ) , and bake for an additional 10 minutes . store leftover bread in the refrigerator for up to 5 days .




walter sands ' basic white bread

walter sands , one-time president and owner of the king arthur flour company , was a member of just one of the many generations of the sands family associated with the business . walter made this bread faithfully once a week for years . because of his arthritic hands , he used a bread bucket with a crank , which kneaded hundreds of loaves of this fragrant , soft sandwich bread with all its happy associations . the recipe makes two loaves , and we 'll show you how to turn the second into a raisin-cinnamon swirl variation for an extra treat .

dough

454 grams warm water
25 g sugar or 42 g honey
1 packet active dry yeast ; or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
71 g baker 's special dry milk
28 g soft butter , or 7/8 ounce vegetable oil
723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt

cinnamon-raisin swirl

42 g butter , melted and cooled
170 g raisins
92 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon

pour the warm water into a mixing bowl . add and let dissolve the sugar or honey and then the yeast . when the yeast is bubbling , add the butter , 3 cups of flour , the dry milk , and salt . mix together . stir in another 2 1/2 cups of flour , keeping the last 1/2 cup in reserve . knead the dough for 3 to 4 minutes , until it begins to behave as if it belongs together . cover and let the dough rest while you clean and grease the mixing bowl . continue kneading for 3 or 4 more minutes , until the dough feels smooth and springy . use up to 1/2 cup of the reserved flour , if necessary , to keep the dough from sticking to the kneading surface . place the dough in the greased bowl , turn it over to coat both sides , and cover the bowl . let it rise in a draft-free place until doubled , 1 to 2 hours . deflate the dough , and divide it in half . form into loaves ( or make into cinnamon-raisin bread as described in tips , below ) , and place in greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pans . cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise until the dough domes an inch above the rim of the pans . after the dough has been rising for 20 minutes , preheat the oven to 350°f . when the loaves are sufficiently risen , bake for 35 to 40 minutes , or until nicely browned and the center of the loaves reads 190°f when measured with an instant-read thermometer . remove from the oven and tip the breads out of their pans . place on a rack to cool completely before slicing .

tips from our bakers

you can make this bread with milk instead of water ; just bring 2 cups of milk to a simmer , then cool to lukewarm before using . for cinnamon-swirl bread , roll each piece of dough into a rough 9 '' x 15 '' rectangle . spread each piece with half the melted butter , then sprinkle with half the raisins , sugar , and cinnamon . starting with a short edge , roll into a cylinder . place the loaves in the pans , seam-side down , and let rise and bake as directed at right . want to make this bread using a mixer , or a bread machine set on the dough cycle ? combine all of the ingredients except 1/2 cup of the flour . mix and knead , using your machine of choice , and adding just enough of the remaining 1/2 cup flour ( if necessary ) to make a soft , slightly sticky dough . continue at step 5 , letting the dough rise in a bowl , then finishing the bread as directed .


deli-style hard rolls

these hard rolls are crisp on the outside , and light and airy inside , with satisfying chew . top them with sesame or poppy seeds for that authentic `` deli look . '' and , for the tempting sandwich pictured at right , check out our recipe for sam 's pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw .

dough

43 g hi-maize fiber
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg white
28 g unsalted butter or 7/8 ounce vegetable oil
170 g lukewarm water
269 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

topping

18 to 14 g sesame seeds or poppy seeds , or artisan bread topping

to make the dough : mix and knead the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth dough . cover the dough and let it rise until it 's noticeably puffy , about 1 hour . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and divide it into 6 pieces ( about 3 1/4 ounces each ) . shape into balls . dip the top half of each roll into water , then into the seeds . place the rolls into the cups of a lightly greased hamburger roll pan , or onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . press gently to flatten . cover the rolls and let them rise until puffy , 30 to 40 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the rolls until they 're a deep golden brown , 22 to 26 minutes . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . if desired , just before serving , reheat the rolls in a 375°f oven for 5 minutes or so , to crisp . yield : 6 hard rolls .




crostini with toppings

a coarse-grained bread with lots of large , uneven holes — a typical italian or french loaf — comes from dough which is very slack , or wet . it 's simple to make a slack dough in the bread machine : you never have to knead it by hand , so you do n't have to deal with sticky fingers . this dough should never form a ball which cleans the sides of the pan , but should remain sticky . it 'll mound up as if trying to form a ball , but it wo n't .

bread for crostini

2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons sugar
283 g lukewarm water
50 g olive oil
semolina or cornmeal , for dusting the pan

to make the bread for the crostini : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for dough , and press start . check the dough 10 minutes before the end of the second knead cycle . it should be extremely soft and sticky . adjust the consistency as necessary with flour or water . when the machine has completed its cycle , transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface . divide it into three pieces . if you 're using a baguette pan , grease the molds of the pan , and sprinkle them with coarse semolina or yellow cornmeal . working with one piece at a time , lay the dough in the pan and stretch and pat it to within 1 '' of each end . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough . if you 're not using a baguette pan , roll the dough as best you can into three 16 '' logs , and place them on a couple of lightly greased ( or parchment-lined ) baking sheets . if you 're not using a baguette pan , roll the dough as best you can into three 16 '' logs , and place them on a couple of lightly oiled cookie sheets . cover the dough with lightly oiled plastic wrap , and set aside to rise until it 's very puffy , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . when the bread has risen , bake it in a preheated 425°f oven for 20 to 25 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . remove the bread from the oven , and transfer it to a wire rack to cool completely . when the bread is cool , drape it with a cloth towel and let it rest overnight ; it needs to be a bit stale before you cut it . slice the bread crosswise into 1/3-inch rounds . slice the bread crosswise into 1/3 '' rounds . put the bread slices into the pans in one layer , as close together as you can get them . remove the crostini from the oven , and let them cool . remove the crostini from the oven , and let them cool . if not serving them the same day , store the crostini in an airtight container for up to 5 days .

tips from our bakers

note that all of the amounts for the topping ingredients are approximate . you 'll use more or less depending on a variety of factors , including how big the basil leaves and tomatoes are , how thinly you slice the garlic , and how generous you are with the cheese . to say nothing of how many crostini you 've sampled before even getting to the topping ... if you find yourself with leftover topping ingredients , make salad.crostini topping
• 2 cups ( 16 ounces , 454g ) goat cheese ( plain or herbed )
• 3 cups ( 4 3/4 ounces , 135g ) loosely packed fresh basil leaves
• 1 to 1 1/2 heads ( 4 to 6 ounces , 113 to 170g ) fresh garlic , cloves separated , peeled , and thinly sliced
• 2 to 3 cups ( 9 to 14 ounces , 255g to 397g ) sun-dried tomato slices packed in oil , drained
unwrap the goat cheese , and gently crumble it into a small bowl . spread each crostini with 1 teaspoon of cheese , then top with a basil leaf , a slice or slices of garlic , and a sun-dried tomato slice , cut in half if overly large . serve immediately . the crostini will get soggy if they wait more than about half an hour .


strawberry-pecan bread

this moist , dark loaf looks as if it must contain whole wheat flour , but it 's the cinnamon that gives it both its color and its snap . serve this at breakfast , toasted with butter , or at tea-time , when you can really gild the lily by spreading strawberry preserves on top .

397 g granulated sugar*
389 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour*
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
248 g vegetable oil*
4 large eggs
1 teaspoon almond extract
283 g diced fresh strawberries
142 g diced pecans
*see `` tips , '' below .

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans . in a large mixing bowl , combine the sugar , flour , cinnamon , salt , and baking soda . in a separate bowl , whisk together the oil , eggs , and almond extract . add the wet ingredients to the dry mixture , stirring gently to blend . fold in the strawberries and pecans . spoon the batter into the prepared pans . bake the bread for 60 to 70 minutes , tenting the pans lightly with foil after 55 minutes , if the loaves appear to be browning too quickly . when the bread is done , a toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean . remove the loaves from the oven , and after 5 to 10 minutes turn them out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . store leftovers , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

for a lower-sugar , lower-fat , but still very tasty version of this bread , reduce the flour to 3 cups ( 12 3/4 ounces ) ; the vegetable oil to 1 cup , and the sugar to 1 3/4 cups ; and add 2 tablespoons milk or water to the liquid ingredients .


gluten-free cinnamon star bread

this lovely bread is perfect for any special occasion . stuffed with cinnamon-sugar , it 's as tasty as it is pretty . and , despite its intricate look , it 's surprisingly easy to make .

dough

241 g king arthur gluten-free measure for measure flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
21 g potato flour , optional ; for softer texture
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 large eggs , at room temperature
113 g lukewarm water
57 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

filling

1 large egg , beaten
99 g sugar*
1 tablespoon cinnamon or 2 teaspoons vietnamese cinnamon*
*or substitute 1/2 cup cinnamon-sugar

stir and knead all the dough ingredients together until a soft , smooth , easy-to-handle dough forms . using a stand mixer equipped with the paddle attachment , this will take about 3 minutes at low speed . scrape the sides of the bowl halfway through the mix time , adding more flour or water a tablespoon at a time if needed to bring the dough together . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and allow to rise for 60 minutes . it won ’ t appear to rise much ; it ’ s ok if it just puffs slightly . divide the dough into two equal pieces and shape each piece into a disk . cover one disk with plastic , and roll the second disk into a 10 '' circle on a piece of parchment ; it helps to use a 10 ” plate or upside-down pan to trace a circle onto the parchment first . dust the top surface of the dough circle with flour , then flip it over onto a fresh parchment sheet . this step keeps the dough from sticking as you shape your star . brush the dough with the beaten egg and sprinkle the cinnamon-sugar evenly over the surface , leaving 1/4 '' of bare dough around the perimeter . set it aside . roll the second piece of dough onto the same piece of parchment with the traced circle . brush the surface with the beaten egg . swiftly , using the parchment to help you , turn the dough over onto the filling-covered dough circle , trying to line up the edges as accurately as possible . place a 2 1/2 '' to 3 '' round bowl or cup upside-down in the center of the dough circle as a guide . the bowl or cup should n't be too heavy and should have a dull edge , as the dough is fairly delicate . with a bench knife or sharp knife , cut the circle into 16 equal strips , from the edge to the cutter , cutting all the way through the two layers . using two hands , pick up two adjacent strips and carefully twist them away from each other 1 1/2 times so that they 're standing on edge . pinch the strips together at their ends . repeat with the remaining strips of dough to make the eight points of a star . remove the bowl or cup from the center of the star . transfer the star on its parchment to a baking sheet , cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let it rise until it becomes slightly puffy , about 60 minutes . again , there won ’ t be much movement , but you should notice a bit more volume . while the star is rising , set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 400°f . brush the star with a thin coat of the beaten egg . bake it for 17 to 20 minutes , until it 's nicely golden ; the center should register at least 205°f on a digital thermometer . remove the star from the oven and allow it to cool for about 10 minutes . dust with confectioners ' sugar and serve warm . store the star , tightly wrapped , at room temperature for a day or so , and refresh it in a warm 250°f oven for about 10 minutes before serving . freeze for longer storage .




bacon-onion spiral bread

swirled with a savory bacon and onion filling , this impressive spiral bread is very good on its own , and makes for an epic sandwich .

filling

340 g sliced bacon
213 g finely diced onions
21 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon paprika

dough

170 g lukewarm milk
28 g water
28 g unsalted butter , softened
14 g bacon fat ( or butter )
1 large egg
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons onion powder , optional ; for enhanced flavor
1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water , for brushing on the dough

to make the filling : cook the bacon until crisp , reserving 2 tablespoons of the fat . drain the strips on absorbent paper until cool , then finely chop and place in a medium bowl . cook the onions in 1 tablespoon of the reserved bacon fat in a heavy skillet set over medium-low heat . cook , stirring frequently , for 10 to 15 minutes , until the onions are translucent and beginning to brown . remove from the heat and add the onions to the chopped bacon . stir in the flour , pepper , and paprika ; set aside . for the dough : combine the milk , water , butter , bacon fat , egg , flours , yeast , salt , and onion powder . mix and knead until the dough is soft and supple ; cover and let rise for 1 hour , or until doubled . after its first rise , pat the dough into an 8 '' x 18 '' rectangle . brush with some of the beaten egg mixture , and spread with the bacon filling , leaving 1 '' at the short end uncovered . roll the bread up from the short end toward the uncovered edge , pinching the seam closed . place seam-side down in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover loosely with greased plastic wrap and let the dough rise until it domes 1 '' above the rim of the pan . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the top of the risen loaf with the remaining beaten egg mixture . slash it , and bake for 30 minutes . tent with foil and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes , until the inside of the bread measures 190°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven and turn it out onto a rack to cool completely before slicing .




cinnamon sugar coffeecake

coffeecakes are the sweetest and richest of the quick breads . this coffeecake recipe is no exception and is sure to become one of your family 's favorites .

coffeecake

2 teaspoons saf gold instant yeast
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
25 g sugar
1 large egg
57 g butter
170 g milk

topping

57 g butter , melted
149 g sugar , mixed with 2 teaspoons cinnamon

place the yeast , flour , salt , sugar , egg , butter and milk in the bread pan of a 1 1/2-pound bread machine in the order listed . program for your machine 's dough ( non-bake ) mode , and press start . if your machine does n't have a dough mode , simply let it go through both kneading cycles and the first rise , then cancel the machine . remove the dough from the machine , and let it rest for 10 minutes . shape the dough to fit a 14 '' pizza pan , and top it with the topping ingredients of butter , sugar , and cinnamon . preheat the oven to 375°f . let the dough rise for 15 minutes — it will become slightly puffy . bake the coffeecake for 15 to 18 minutes , or until it 's brown and bubbly . remove the coffeecake from the oven and serve warm . store the coffeecake , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .




onion hamburger rolls

what could possibly top a great burger but a great burger roll , swirled with caramelized onions ! you may never buy a store-bought roll again .

dough

57 g warm water
113 g milk , scalded and cooled
1 large egg
57 g butter
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast

filling

57 g butter
156 g onion , diced
11 g sugar

glaze

1 large egg
1/4 teaspoon salt

topping

11 g to 14 g parmesan cheese

to make the dough : in a mixing bowl , stir together the dough ingredients . knead the dough until it 's smooth and elastic , 5 to 10 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turning to coat all sides , cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let the dough rise until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , about 2 hours . to make the filling : melt the butter in a frying pan , add the onion , and sauté over medium-low heat for 15 to 20 minutes , or until the onion is light brown . stir in the sugar , and sauté an additional 5 minutes . let cool to room temperature . press the dough down , and knead in the sautéed onions . this is easily done with a mixer ( or in a bread machine ) , but it 's also a fairly simple matter to do it with your hands . shape the dough into a ball , and let it rest for 10 minutes . roll or pat it out into a 3/4 '' thick circle . using a regular-sized tuna can ( or cutter about 3 1/2 '' across ) , cut the dough into nine rounds . transfer the rounds to a baking sheet , leaving about 1 '' space between them . beat together the egg and salt , then brush on the rounds . top the rolls with a light sprinkling of parmesan cheese . cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap , and set them aside to rise until light and puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . preheat the oven to 350° . bake the rolls for 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove from the oven , and cool on a wire rack . store in a plastic bag on the counter for 3 days , or freeze for up to one month .




potato bread

if you think of bland flavors when you think of potatoes — think again ! this recipe produces probably the most flavorful `` white '' bread we 've ever had . moist and very sliceable , it 's wonderful for sandwiches and toast ; it has that `` spongy '' texture , perfect for spreading peanut butter or loading on tuna salad without crumbling . an overnight rise in the fridge is the key here . the longer a batch of dough rises , the better its flavor will be ; and the taste of this bread is superb . somehow , the combination of potato , butter , and eggs produces an elusive hint of cheese in the final loaf .

1 tablespoon instant yeast
99 g sugar
283 g to 340 g lukewarm water or potato water ( water in which potatoes have been boiled ) *
170 g softened butter
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 large eggs
198 g mashed potatoes ( from about 1/2 pound potatoes )
780 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*use the lesser amount of water in summer , or in humid weather conditons ; the greater amount in winter , or when it 's dry out .

note : as of 8/22/13 , this recipe has been amended slightly , as follows : flour was increased by 1/2 cup , to allay excessive dough stickiness ; sugar was reduced by 1 tablespoon ( from 9 to 8 tablespoons ) ; and salt was reduced by 2 teaspoons ( from 4 1/2 teaspoons to 2 1/2 teaspoons ) . in addition , the recipe instructions have been simplified ; the pan size amended ; and the baking temperature lowered from 375°f to 350°f , to help prevent over-browning . beat together all of the dough ingredients , using the flat beater paddle of your stand mixer , or your bread machine set on the dough cycle . if you 're using a stand mixer , beat the mixture for 4 to 5 minutes at medium-high speed , stopping the mixer to scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl twice . the mixture should start to become smooth and a bit shiny . switch to the dough hook , and knead the dough at medium speed for 7 minute , stopping to scrape the dough into a ball twice ; it may or may not start to clear the sides of the bowl on its own . if you 're using a bread machine , let it go through its entire kneading cycle , but do n't let it rise ; continue with step 3 , below . scrape the dough into a ball , and place it in a lightly greased bowl or large ( greased ) plastic bag . refrigerate overnight , or for up to 24 hours . remove the dough from the refrigerator , divide it in half , and shape it into two 9 '' logs . place them each in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pans with clear shower caps ( first choice ) or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . since the dough is cold , this will take anywhere from 2 to 4 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the loaves for 25 minutes . tent with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes , until the bread is a deep golden brown , and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of one of the loaves registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and place the pans on a rack . after 5 minutes , gently turn the loaves out onto the rack to cool completely . store , tightly wrapped , at room temperature for several days , or up to a week in cool/dry weather ; for longer storage , wrap well and freeze .

tips from our bakers

want to make just a single loaf ? halve all the ingredients except the yeast ; use 2 teaspoons instant yeast.we do n't advise kneading this dough by hand ; it 's extremely sticky . if you do n't have a stand mixer or bread machine , make enough dough for just one loaf , and try beating the dough with a hand mixer .


100 % whole wheat zucchini chocolate chip bread

facing a zucchini surplus ? this moist , dense bread , with its mild hint of cinnamon , offers a sweet surprise : chocolate chips . never thought of adding chocolate chips to zucchini bread ? give it a try ; the rich flavor of chocolate marries perfectly with the earthiness of zucchini and brown sugar .

2 large eggs
114 g molasses or honey
99 g vegetable oil
71 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
241 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
340 g shredded , unpeeled zucchini ( about 1 small/medium zucchini )
170 g chocolate chips
85 g chopped walnuts , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f ; lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large mixing bowl , beat the eggs , molasses or honey , oil , sugar , and vanilla until smooth . add the flour , salt , baking soda , baking powder , and cinnamon , mixing until well combined . stir in the zucchini , chocolate chips , and nuts . pour the batter into the prepared pan . bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes , until the loaf tests done ( a toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean , save for perhaps a smear of chocolate ) . remove the bread from the oven , and let it cool for 10 to 15 minutes before turning it out of the pan onto a rack . cool completely before slicing ; store well-wrapped , at room temperature . yield : one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

want to make this bread gluten-free ? substitute 2 cups king arthur gluten-free flour for the whole wheat flour ; add an additional 1 large egg and 1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum ; let the batter rest for 15 to 20 minutes before pouring it into the pan ; and bake for an additional 10 minutes , or until it tests done with a toothpick . also , make sure the vanilla extract you use is gluten-free .


sandwich bread canapés

here 's an easy , savory appetizer for any type of gathering .

bread

170 g milk
227 g lukewarm water
57 g softened unsalted butter
2 teaspoons salt
35 g granulated sugar
14 g pizza seasoning , optional
35 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

topping*

57 g unsalted butter
454 g medium yellow onions , peeled and finely sliced
1 teaspoon salt
goat cheese
chives
*enough for one canapé loaf . triple the recipe to make enough for three loaves .

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or using the dough cycle on a bread machine — to make a smooth , soft dough . cover the dough and let it rise until it 's puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . to make the topping : melt the butter in a sauté pan , add the onions and salt , and cook for 30 minutes , stirring occasionally to brown the onions evenly . preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease three canape bread tubes . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) divide the dough into three pieces , and shape each into a log . place in canapé tubes , attaching the caps at both ends . immediately place the bread in the oven , and bake for 30 to 35 minutes , until the crust is brown and its internal temperature is 190°f . remove from the oven , remove the caps , and cool in the tubes for 10 minutes . remove from the tubes , and cool completely on a rack . cut the cool loaves into 3/8 '' -thick slices . top each slice with 1 tablespoon of the caramelized onions and crumbles of goat cheese . toast the canapés in a 350°f oven for 10 minutes . garnish with chives . serve warm .

tips from our bakers

do n't have canapé tubes ? substitute a standard ( 13 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' ) lidded pain de mie pan , baking for 35 to 40 minutes and removing the lid after 25 minutes of baking . or bake in a 9 '' x 5 '' pan for about 40 minutes.to prevent canapé tubes from rolling around the oven , put them in a 9 '' x 13 '' pan ; the three will fit perfectly together .


robyn 's jalapeño cheese sour cream bread

look no further for a soft yet spicy and flavorful loaf — this one has all that , and is made in the bread machine . serve with chili and a salad for a southwest-inspired meal .

for a 1 1/2-pound bread machine

227 g milk
57 g sour cream
170 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
25 g sugar
28 g butter
2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
113 g shredded monterey jack cheese
71 g chopped red bell pepper
35 g canned chopped jalapeño pepper , drained

for a 1-pound machine

149 g milk
43 g sour cream
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoons sugar
4 teaspoons butter
1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
76 g shredded monterey jack cheese
46 g chopped red bell pepper
4 teaspoons canned chopped jalapeño peppers

place the milk , sour cream , flours , salt , sugar , butter , and yeast into the pan of your machine , program for raisin bread or a similar cycle ( if available ; if not , program for basic or white bread ) , and press start . when the beeper sounds ( or about 7 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle ) , add the cheese and peppers . allow the machine to complete its cycle . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




irish common brown bread

this recipe was developed by robyn brown sargent , one of our baker education specialists . she notes that we should expect a sticky dough with this brown bread — but fear not , the bread machine handles this kind of dough well . also , expect the finished loaf to have a flat top , or even sink a bit in the center .

one ( 2-pound ) loaf

454 g water
28 g molasses or black treacle
2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a sticky dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . remove the dough . turn the sticky dough into a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover with greased plastic wrap and let it rise for 20 to 30 minutes , until it nearly reaches the top of the pan . preheat the oven to 450°f . bake the bread for 10 minutes . reduce the heat to 425°f and bake for an additional 35 minutes ; the interior temperature of the finished loaf as measured on an instant-read thermometer should be about 190°f . turn the bread out of the pan , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




ciabatta , pan bagna , & garlic bread

we love this recipe . it yields an extremely light , air pocket-riddled loaf , wonderful for splitting lengthwise , to make a stuffed sandwich ( pan bagna ) , or the best garlic bread you 've ever enjoyed .

overnight starter

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter ( from above )
1 teaspoon instant yeast
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 tablespoon baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
57 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil

topping for garlic bread

1 medium head of garlic , cloves separated and peeled ( about 57 g cloves )
113 g unsalted butter , melted
67 g olive oil
pinch ( 1/16 teaspoon ) of salt
113 g freshly grated parmesan cheese
snipped fresh parsley , for garnish ( optional )

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small bowl until well combined . cover the starter and let it rest at room temperature overnight , or for up to 15 hours . it will become bubbly . place all of the dough ingredients , including the starter , into the bowl of your mixer , and beat at medium speed , using the flat beater , for 7 minutes . the dough will be very smooth , soft , shiny , and elastic . alternatively , knead the dough ingredients in your bread machine using the dough cycle . transfer the dough to a greased bowl or other rising container , cover it , and let it rise for 2 hours , deflating it midway through . if you 're using a bread machine , allow it to rise for an additional hour after the dough cycle has ended . lightly grease your work surface , and a half-sheet baking pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) or similar large baking sheet . grease your hands , as well . very gently turn the dough out of the bowl onto your work surface ; you do n't want to deflate it . it 'll lose a bit of volume , but do n't actively punch it down . using a bowl scraper , bench knife , or your fingers , divide the dough in half . you should have two fat logs , each about 10 '' long x 4 '' wide . handling the dough gently , transfer each piece to the baking sheet , laying them down crosswise on the sheet . position them about 2 1/2 '' from the edge of the pan , leaving about 4 '' between them . lightly cover the dough with heavily oiled plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes . midway through , gently but firmly dimple the dough with your fingers , making fairly deep pockets . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . spritz the risen loaves with lukewarm water . you 'll see that the dimples have filled in somewhat , but have n't entirely disappeared . bake the loaves till they 're golden brown , about 18 to 20 minutes . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . to make garlic bread : prepare the topping by combining the minced garlic cloves , melted butter , olive oil and a pinch of salt . cut the loaves in half lengthwise , like you 're going to make giant sandwiches . spread the cut halves with the garlic mixture . bake the bread in a preheated 400°f oven for about 10 minutes , or until the topping is bubbly and the edges of the bread are starting to brown . remove the bread from the oven , and sprinkle it immediately with the grated parmesan and parsley , if desired . cut in crosswise slices to serve . to make pan bagna ( a stuffed italian sandwich ) : split a ciabatta in half lengthwise , and brush each half with olive oil . fill the ciabatta with italian cold cuts , provolone cheese , chopped olives , softened sun-dried tomatoes , sliced red onions , lettuce , basil leaves , sliced peppers or pimientos , or any combination of any similar sandwich-type fillings . wrap the sandwich tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil , and top with a weighted baking sheet ( a baking sheet with a couple of bricks or heavy cans on top ) . let the pan bagna rest under the weights for a couple of hours , then slice and serve .

tips from our bakers

because this dough is so soft , it 's quite a challenge to knead it by hand . unless you 're a baker experienced in working with high-hydration doughs , please use an electric mixer or your bread machine to knead this dough.for extra-crispy loaves : when they 're done baking , turn off the oven . remove the loaves from the baking sheet , and return them to the oven , propping the oven door open a couple of inches with a folded-over potholder . allow the loaves to cool completely in the oven .


everything pretzels

similar to bagels , these pretzels are soft on the inside , chewy on the outside , and sport the aromatic , salty , and delicious flavors of our everything bagel topping . enjoy them as is or with your favorite mustard or even cream cheese .

dough

283 g lukewarm water
418 g sir lancelot high gluten flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
28 g butter or 25 g vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

water bath

1814 g water
57 g baking soda
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or 1 tablespoon sugar

topping

1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water
18 g everything bread and bagel topping

mix and knead the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a cohesive , fairly smooth dough . it should be slightly sticky ; if it seems dry , knead in another tablespoon or two of water . cover the dough and let it rest for 45 minutes . it will rise minimally . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and fold it over a few times to gently deflate it . put the water into a large , shallow pan — the water should be about 3 '' deep — and add the baking soda and malt powder . bring the water to a boil while you 're shaping the pretzels . divide the dough into 12 pieces ; if you have a scale , each piece will weigh about 2 1/4 ounces . roll each piece of dough into an 18 '' rope , allowing the ropes to rest for a brief period if they start to shrink back . shape each rope into a pretzel and place them on two parchment-lined baking sheets . reduce the boiling water bath to a very gentle simmer . gently transfer the pretzels , 3 or 4 at a time , to the water bath . simmer the pretzels for about 30 seconds on each side , then return them to the baking sheet . brush the pretzels with the beaten egg/water and sprinkle with the topping . bake the pretzels for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove the pretzels from the oven , and cool on a rack .




overnight panettone

this traditional italian holiday bread will stay fresh longer when it 's made with an overnight starter .

starter

85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/16 teaspoon ( just a pinch ) instant yeast
74 g cool water

dough

all of the starter ( above )
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g lukewarm water
2 large eggs
57 g softened butter
1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia flavoring or 1 teaspoon vanilla + 1/8 teaspoon orange oil
2 1/4 teaspoons saf gold instant yeast or 1 tablespoon instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
67 g sugar
85 g golden raisins
64 g slivered dried apricots
85 g dried cranberries
71 g chopped dried pineapple
2 tablespoons grated orange rind or grated lemon rind ( zest )

to make the starter : combine the starter ingredients in a medium-sized mixing bowl , cover , and allow them to rest overnight ( 8 to 12 hours ) . to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients except the fruit and zest , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . gently deflate the dough , and knead in the fruits and zest . shape the dough into a ball and place it in a panettone pan or other straight-sided , tall 1 1/2- to 2-quart pan . cover the pan and let the dough rise until it 's just crested over the rim of the pan , about 1 hour . bake the bread in a preheated 400°f oven for 10 minutes ; reduce the oven heat to 375°f and bake an additional 10 minutes ; then reduce the heat to 350°f and bake for 25 minutes , tenting with aluminum foil if the crust appears to be browning too quickly . remove the panettone from the oven and cool completely . store at room temperature , well-wrapped , for up to a week ; freeze for longer storage .




bread bowls with chili

ah , there 's nothing like a hot bowl of chili on a crisp fall or winter day — especially when the bowl is just as delicious as the chili ! check out two of our favorite chili recipes in `` tips , '' below .

283 g lukewarm water
50 g vegetable oil
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
92 g yellow or white cornmeal
2 to 3 teaspoons ground cumin , to taste ; optional
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
14 g sugar
32 g potato flour or dry potato flakes
14 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead them , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , to make a smooth dough . place the dough in a bowl or rising container , cover it , and let it rise for about 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 8 pieces . round each piece into a ball . stagger the balls on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover , and let rise for about 60 to 90 minutes , until noticeably puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns until they 're golden brown , about 25 minutes . remove them from the oven , and let them cool right on the pan . when you 're ready to make bread bowls , cut the top 1/3 off each bun . gently and carefully scoop out the bread inside . reserve it to make breadcrumbs , if desired . heat the chili , and ladle it into the bread bowls . place the bowls in a preheated 350°f oven for about 10 minutes , if desired , to heat and crisp . serve with grated cheddar cheese and sour cream , if desired . yield : 8 individual bread bowls .

tips from our bakers

we love these chili recipes , and they 're perfect for bread bowls : oven-baked chili , and white chili , a tasty chicken-based chili . if you use white chili with these bread bowls , omit its cornbread topping .


sprouted wheat easy rustic bread

when it comes to 100 % whole-grain bread , sprouted wheat flour has a lot of appeal . it 's easy to work with ; its flavor is mellow and sweet , and it produces a loaf with remarkably tender texture and a soft , moist crumb . feel free to play around with fruits , nuts , seeds , or whatever add-ins you like . this recipe is a great place to start if you 're a newcomer to baking with sprouted wheat or to baking with yeast .

227 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
28 g soft butter or 25 g vegetable oil
28 g brown sugar
312 g sprouted wheat flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
113 to 170 g mixed dried fruit , nuts and/or seeds ( try cranberries , walnuts , poppy or sunflower seeds , plus 2 tablespoons chia or whole flax seeds )

stir all the ingredients together until combined . let the dough rest , covered , for 30 minutes ; this gives the flour a chance to absorb most of the water , which will make the dough a bit less sticky and somewhat easier to knead . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface and knead , with oiled hands , for 5 minutes . or knead using a stand mixer equipped with a dough hook for 2 to 3 minutes . note that this is a very sticky dough ; if you 're really struggling , add a bit more flour ; but the less flour you add , the lighter your bread 's texture . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise until puffy , about 1 to 2 hours . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , or a baking sheet ( or line the baking sheet with parchment ) . place the dough on a lightly greased work surface , and shape it into a log ( for the loaf pan ) or oval or round ( for the baking sheet ) . place the dough in or on the pan , cover , and allow it to rise until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the loaf pan , or has increased by about one-third for a round or oval loaf , about 1 1/2 hours . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven until it 's nicely browned and hollow-sounding when thumped , about 35 to 40 minutes for the loaf pan . if you 've made a round , the bake time may be as much as 50 minutes ; if the loaf appears to be browning too quickly , tent it with aluminum foil . the finished loaf 's temperature at the center should read at least 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack to cool completely before slicing . store the bread , well wrapped , for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .




cherry almond panettone

sweet cherries , rich chocolate , and crunchy almonds take panettone to new heights .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast
113 g cool water

dough

all of the starter
85 g unsalted butter
2 large eggs
57 g lukewarm water
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g potato flour
35 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
135 g dried cherries , chopped
135 g toasted almonds , chopped
85 g chocolate chips or chunks
2 tablespoons pearl or white sparkling sugar ( optional , to top loaves )

combine the starter ingredients in a small mixing bowl , cover , and allow to rest overnight ( 8 to 12 hours ) at room temperature . if using a bread machine , do this right in the bucket . combine the starter with the remaining dough ingredients , excluding the cherries , almonds , chocolate chips , and pearl or sparkling sugar ; mix , then knead to make a soft , shiny , slightly sticky dough . this dough is difficult to fully develop by hand ; we strongly recommend using a mixer or bread machine to knead the dough . knead in the fruit , nuts , and chocolate chips at the end . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or till it 's puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and form it into a ball . place it in a panettone pan ( paper or metal ) ; or other straight-sided , tall , 1 1/2 to 2 quart pan . cover the pan and let the dough rise till the middle is crested over the rim of the pan , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . toward the end of the rising time , move your oven rack to a low position and preheat the oven to 350°f . spritz the dough with water , then sprinkle with the pearl or sparkling sugar . if using a paper panettone pan , place the bread on a baking sheet bake the bread for 55 to 65 minutes ; check the bread after about 45 minutes , tenting it with foil if it 's browning too quickly . the loaf is fully baked when an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f or above . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . if baked in a metal pan , cool for 10 minutes before turning out onto a rack . if baked in a paper pan , cool completely right in the pan . yield : 1 large loaf .

tips from our bakers

baker 's tip : to take the bread 's temperature , you do n't have to poke even a small hole in its pretty top . turn the bread out of the pan , and insert the thermometer through the bottom of the loaf . or , if you 're using a paper pan , push the thermometer probe right through the paper . it 'll leave a small , barely noticeable hole .


french breakfast puddings

this combination of french toast and bread pudding is baked in individual portions , making breakfast or brunch a more sociable proposition : you wo n't have to stand at the stove turning french toast on the griddle while everyone else eats ! top the puddings with bacon or berries ( or sometimes both ) , though ham or sausage , or slices of banana or cinnamon-dusted apple would also be yummy .

pudding

4 large eggs or 227 g egg substitute
340 g milk , half & half , or light cream , or a 340 g can evaporated milk
35 g granulated sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
big pinch of nutmeg
255 g cubed fresh bread ( see `` tips '' , below . )

topping

about 3/4 cup raspberries or other berries ( frozen are fine ) ; or sliced bananas or apples ; or uncooked breakfast sausage , thin-sliced ham , or strip bacon ( cut the ham in 2 1/2 '' squares , the bacon in 2 1/2 '' pieces )
25 g to 39 g brown sugar

mix the eggs , milk , sugar , salt , vanilla , and nutmeg in a large bowl . stir in the bread cubes and let the mixture soak at room temperature for 15 minutes , stirring occasionally . while the bread is soaking , preheat the oven to 350°f , and grease 12 silicone muffin cups , or line a muffin tin with papers , and grease the papers . spoon the soaked bread and any remaining liquid into the prepared muffin cups , distributing it evenly . place berries , sliced fruit , or uncooked meat on top , then cover each pudding with a shower of brown sugar ; 1 to 2 teaspoons , to taste , should be about right . no need to cook the meat first ; it 'll bake along with the puddings . bake the puddings for 30 minutes , until the tops are brown and they 're bubbling gently . remove them from the oven , wait about 5 minutes , and turn them out of the muffin cups onto a plate . serve with syrup or raspberry sauce .

tips from our bakers

use a substantial white bread , like pain de mie or a dense artisan loaf ; or try oatmeal bread . avoid `` air bread , '' or any other soft , squishy bread that 's liable to fall apart when soaked in milk.note : for banana puddings , slice 1 banana in 1/2 '' slices , and stir with the bread into the egg/milk mixture .


french asiago bubble bread

a soft , feathery , 1 1/2-pound loaf with an olive oil-soaked base and delicious cheese and garlic flavor .

dough

283 g water
43 g honey
25 g olive oil
1 large egg , beaten
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g freshly grated asiago cheese
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 teaspoon sea salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

99 g olive oil
1 tablespoon fresh crushed garlic
57 g freshly grated asiago cheese

combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise until puffy , about an hour . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface . cover it with a clean towel , and let it rest for 10 minutes . to make the filling : combine all of the filling ingredients in a small bowl . set aside . to assemble and bake : lightly oil a 9 '' round cake pan . divide the dough into 14 pieces and shape each into a ball . dip each ball in the filling mixture , and lay them into the pan . pour any remaining filling evenly over the dough . cover the pan with greased plastic wrap , and let the dough rise for 30 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the bread for 20 to 25 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , and allow it to cool for 10 minutes before serving . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

a dark-colored pan will produce bread with a crispier bottom than a light-colored , reflective pan .


stuffing bread bowls

these crusty , single-serve bread bowls are scented with sage and thyme , reminiscent of the stuffing you enjoy with your holiday bird . we 've filled them here with turkey ( or chicken ) pot pie filling , the perfect solution to `` what can i do with this leftover turkey ? '' read our blog about these bread bowls , with additional photos , at flourish .

bread bowls

283 g lukewarm water
50 g vegetable oil
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
89 g semolina
2 teaspoons ground sage
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon sugar
28 g potato flour or 1/2 cup dry potato flakes
14 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

85 g butter
43 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
397 g chicken stock or broth
113 g half and half or milk
794 to 907 g cooked turkey or chicken , cut or torn into bite-sized pieces
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon salt , depending on the saltiness of the broth
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
28 g dry sherry , optional , for flavor
227 g frozen peas and carrots , cooked and drained
113 g frozen pearl onions , cooked and drained

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , to make a smooth dough . place the dough in a bowl or rising container , cover it , and let it rise for about 90 minutes , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into six pieces . round each piece into a ball . stagger the balls on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover , and let rise for about 1 hour . the balls should become quite puffy . towards the end of their rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns till they 're a deep , golden brown , about 25 minutes . remove them from the oven , and let them cool right on the pan . when you 're ready to make bread bowls , cut the top 1/3 off each bun . gently and carefully scoop out the bread inside . reserve it to make herb-flavored crumbs , if desired . place the bread bowls on a baking sheet or platter , and set them aside while you make the filling . melt the butter in a heavy saucepan and add the flour , stirring to combine . slowly add the broth in a stream , stirring constantly to keep the mixture from becoming lumpy . if it does get lumpy , just keep stirring till it smooths out . add the half and half or milk , stirring till smooth . bring just to a boil , then simmer gently , stirring frequently , for 5 minutes . add the chicken or turkey , salt , thyme , and sherry , stirring to combine . add the cooked , drained vegetables , stirring to combine . bring the mixture just to a simmer , and immediately spoon a generous 1/2 cup into each bread bowl . serve immediately .

tips from our bakers

semolina gives these rolls a bit of extra crunch and golden flavor . if you do n't want to use it , substitute all-purpose flour.feel free to substitute whatever leftover veggies you like for the peas , carrots , and onions . you want about 2 1/2 cups of cooked vegetables.you can make these ahead of time , and reheat just before serving . fill the bread bowls , let them cool to lukewarm , then cover and refrigerate . just before serving , heat each bowl in the microwave individually ; about 1 minute should do it , depending on your microwave . alternatively , wrap the bread bowls ; cool and store the filling in the fridge ; then reheat the filling and fill the bowls just before serving .


a simple , rustic loaf

using a sponge ( starter ) to create this bread increases its flavor and enhances its texture .

sponge

333 g cool water
1 teaspoon instant yeast
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
53 g pumpernickel flour

dough

2 teaspoons salt
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
74 g harvest grains blend or mixed seeds of your choice

to make the sponge : mix the sponge ingredients together , and let rest at room temperature , covered , for 3 to 4 hours , or overnight . to make the dough : stir down the sponge , and add the salt and flour . mix and knead the dough until it 's smooth and elastic . knead in the harvest grains blend or your choice of seeds . place the dough in a greased bowl , turning to coat its surface with oil . cover and let rise in a warm spot for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until doubled in size . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , and form it into a ball . place on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or into an ovenproof crock . cover and let rise for about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 450°f . uncover the loaf , and gently but firmly slash it across the top , then spritz it with water . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's deep golden brown . remove it from the oven and place it on a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing .




steamed harvest bread

steaming is a method of cooking that was used for centuries before ovens were found in every home . although it takes longer to cook breads by steaming , the cooking time is quite flexible . a steamed bread can cook long past its finishing time without substantially changing , unlike an oven-baked bread which will pass from done to scorched in a matter of minutes . this is because steamed breads cook at the temperature at which water boils ( 212°f ) rather than the 350°f at which quick breads are commonly baked . here 's a formula for a steamed bread that will make use of apples , pumpkins , squash and other autumn abundance . eggs aside , it includes no fat , so if you are looking for a filling , high-energy , vitamin-rich snack with a minimum of calories , give this a try . steamed bread makes a great , quick breakfast , an afternoon pick-me-up or a tasty accompaniment for supper . the spices can be varied to enhance the flavor of the vegetable or fruit used . cinnamon , allspice and nutmeg are always good and , strangely enough , so is a bit of white or black pepper .

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
12 g ( in total ) spice ( choose and mix from cinnamon , ginger , nutmeg , cloves , allspice , etc . )
227 g non-fat yogurt , buttermilk or sour milk
3 eggs
213 g to 319 g brown sugar
319 g cooked mashed apple , pumpkin , carrots , squash , cranberries , or cranberry sauce , etc . or 227 g or more grated raw carrot , chopped apple , etc .

grease a 2-quart pudding mold . bring a teakettle of water to a boil . mix together the flours , baking powder , soda , salt and spices . in another bowl , beat together the yogurt , eggs , sugar and vegetable or fruit . blend this mixture into the dry ingredients . place the batter in the mold . fill about two-thirds full . place the lid on the pudding mold . place the mold in a kettle or saucepan on top of something ( a vegetable steamer or crinkled tin foil will do ) to keep them off the bottom of the pan . the pan should be deep enough so its lid can cover the pudding mold . fill the pan with boiling water two-thirds of the way up the mold . cover , bring the water back to a boil and lower the heat to a simmer . steam the pudding mold for about 2 hours , adding water if necessary . ( see `` tips , '' below . ) store , well-wrapped , for 3 days in the fridge , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if the batter seems too much for the mold , grease a custard cup and bake the remainder in the oven , or preview the finished product as a pancake !


cream cheese cinnamon buns

these cinnamon buns are irresistibly flaky and tender ; a layer of cream cheese adds richness to their filling . thanks to red star yeast , one of our valued partners , for this recipe .

dough

170 g lukewarm milk
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
113 g unsalted butter , softened
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 ¼ teaspoons red star platinum , active dry or quick rise yeast
25 g light brown sugar
¾ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon vanilla extract

filling

28 g finely chopped walnuts
28 g finely chopped pecans
163 g baker 's cinnamon filling*
57 g water*
227 g cream cheese , softened , for spreading and folding in the dough
*see substitute in tips , below .

icing

1 ½ tablespoons milk
85 g confectioners ' sugar or glazing sugar

to make the dough : mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients to make a smooth , soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or in an 8-cup measure ; the measure helps you judge how much it 's risen . let it rise until it 's almost double in size , about 2 hours . to make the filling : combine the nuts in one bowl , and the baker 's cinnamon filling and water ( or substitute ingredients ) in another . roll the dough into a 14 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread the softened cream cheese evenly over the surface . fold one short end into the center . fold the other short end over the first , like you were folding a letter . roll the dough into a 14 '' x 12 '' rectangle again , and fold it like a letter again . roll the dough into a 12 '' x 18 '' rectangle . spread the cinnamon filling evenly over the dough , followed by the nuts . beginning with one long edge , roll the dough into a log . cut the log into 9 equal slices . place the slices in a greased 9 '' square or 10 '' square baking pan , cover with plastic wrap , and let rise for 2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls for 30 to 35 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven . to ice , whisk together the sugar and milk , drizzle icing over the buns , and serve warm . yield : 9 buns .

tips from our bakers

no baker 's cinnamon filling on hand ? substitute the following : 1/3 cup ( 2 5/8 ounces ) unsalted butter , softened ; 1 cup ( 7 1/4 ounces ) brown sugar , packed ; and 3 tablespoons ( 3/4 ounce ) ground cinnamon . omit the ¼ cup water.want fresh-baked , oven-warm buns in the morning ? prepare the buns through their rise in the pan ( step 8 ) . cover and refrigerator overnight . next day , allow the buns to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes before baking ; you may need to increase the baking time by a few minutes .
if you ice the buns while they 're warm , the icing will soak in and disappear . if you want the icing to stay on top , remove the buns from the oven , and turn them out of the pan onto a rack to cool . when completely cool , drizzle with icing .


king arthur 's 100 % whole wheat sandwich bread

this 100 % whole wheat loaf is moist , tender , and high-rising . subtly studded with seeds and nuts , it makes wonderfully flavorful toast and sandwiches .

301 g lukewarm water
35 g olive oil
106 g honey , molasses or maple syrup
454 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or 100 % white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon king arthur whole-grain bread improver , optional
35 g sunflower seeds ( sunflower midgets are a good choice ) , chopped*
28 g walnuts , chopped*
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
*a quick whirl in the food processor does the job nicely .

to prepare the dough : combine all of the ingredients , and mix them until you have a shaggy dough . let the dough rest , covered , for 20 minutes , then knead until fairly smooth . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's puffy and nearly doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , shape it into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' bread pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap ( or a clear shower cap ) , and allow it to rise for 1 to 2 hours , until it 's crowned about 1 '' to 2 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil for the final 20 minutes of baking . the bread should be golden brown , and its interior should register 195°f to 205°f on an instant-read thermometer inserted into its center . remove it from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool .




olive & spice grissini

straddling the breadstick versus grissini line , these golden breadsticks can be customized to bake an thicker and chewier american pizzeria-style breadstick . if you 're a crispy sort — and would like a tall-but-tasty display on your table — make them a bit thinner in the style of italian grissini .

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g olives , drained and chopped
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
21 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
35 g olive oil
227 g lukewarm water

topping

11 g olive oil
32 g freshly grated parmesan cheese

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . prepare several lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets for the breadsticks . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and roll it into a 10 '' x 20 '' rectangle . brush the dough lightly with the additional 1 tablespoon olive oil , and sprinkle it with the cheese , rolling it in lightly with a rolling pin . use a pizza wheel or sharp knife to cut the dough ( the short way ) into 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' wide strips . twist the ends of each strip in opposite directions to make a twisted breadstick , and place on the prepared baking sheets . let the breadsticks rest , covered , for 30 minutes . while the breadsticks rest , preheat your oven to 425°f . bake in a preheated oven for 12 to 14 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . store wrapped at room temperature for up to 4 days , or freeze for a month .




party onion-rye bread

this terrific and tasty recipe has been on our website for many years . we decided to give it a bit of an update with a new photo and updated weight measures . like our favorite pair of shoes , all the comfort we love and sparkling new shine .

213 g king athur unbleached all-purpose flour
78 g medium rye flour
2 tablespoons baker 's special dry milk
2 tablespoons minced dried onions
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon deli rye flavor ( optional , but very good )
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon caramel color or black cocoa ( optional , for best color )
1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil
170 g warm water ( 90°f to 110°f )

place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . this dough is stiffer than regular bread dough , so be sure to check the consistency and adjust with additional flour or water as you knead . the dough should be smooth and elastic , but a little on the stiff side . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover lightly and allow to rise for one hour . gently deflate the dough and place on a flat smooth surface lightly spritzed with cooking spray . roll the dough into a log about 8 '' long . place the log in a well-greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . cover and let rise for another hour . around 30 minutes into the rise , preheat the oven to 350°f . this bread is not a super high riser and will only come just to the rim of the pan . bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the internal temperature of the bread reaches at least 190°f . cool the bread in the pan for 5 minutes before turning out on a rack to cool completely . serve in thin slices . yield : one loaf , about 20 servings




brazilian sweet bread

this unusual sweet bread is stuffed with bananas and pineapple , plus rich cinnamon filling . the concept comes to us courtesy of ricardo neves gonzalez , one of our brazilian readers , who makes it at his bakery . thanks , ricardo !

dough

113 to 152 g lukewarm water*
74 g vegetable oil
85 g honey
2 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved for topping
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
*use the greater amount in winter or in a dry climate ; the lesser amount in summer or a humid climate .

filling

142 g baker 's cinnamon filling
43 g water
2 medium bananas
99 g diced dried pineapple

topping

1 large egg white , reserved from dough , mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water
2 tablespoons coarse white sparkling sugar , or demerara sugar

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , until you have a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 2 hours , or until it 's puffy and nearly doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . pat and roll the dough into a rectangle about 18 '' x 14 '' . make the cinnamon filling : mix the baker 's cinnamon filling and water to make a smooth paste . looking at the dough horizontally ( so it 's 18 '' long ) , spread half the filling down the center third of the dough slice each banana into about 12 rounds . space the slices atop the filling . fold one of the end pieces into the center to cover the bananas and filling . spread the remaining filling atop the piece of dough you 've just folded into the center , and distribute the dried pineapple evenly atop the filling . fold the other side of the dough over the filling to cover it . pull the long side seam underneath , and tuck each end underneath , too . you should have a long , flat log with no filling showing . use a sharp knife to cut 4 diagonal slashes atop the loaf , cutting through both layers of dough ; this will allow steam to escape . brush with the beaten egg white , and sprinkle with the coarse or demerara sugar . cover the loaf gently with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rest for 1 hour . it wo n't rise much , if at all . towards the end of the resting period , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the loaf in the middle of the oven for 25 minutes . tent with foil , and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , till it 's golden brown and a sharp knife poked into the center does n't reveal any raw dough . remove from the oven , and transfer to a rack to cool . yield : 1 large loaf , about 16 servings .




beautiful burger buns

the following recipe created quite a stir when `` moomie '' first posted it on our online community . baker after baker tried these buns and declared them the best . soft , vaguely sweet and golden-yellow from the butter and egg , these simple buns are perfect for burgers , but also fine for any kind of sandwich .

buns

170 to 227 g lukewarm water*
28 g butter , at room temperature
1 large egg
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
*for best results ( a smooth , slightly soft dough ) , use the smaller amount of water in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) ; and something in between the rest of the time .

topping

43 g melted butter

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . cover the dough , and let it rise for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's nearly doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 8 pieces . shape each piece into a round ball ; flatten to about 3 '' across . place the buns on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover , and let rise for about an hour , until noticeably puffy . brush the buns with about half of the melted butter . bake the buns in a preheated 375°f oven for 15 to 18 minutes , until golden . remove them from the oven , and brush with the remaining melted butter . this will give the buns a satiny , buttery crust . cool the buns on a rack . yield : 8 large buns .

tips from our bakers

for slightly smaller buns , divide the dough into 12 pieces instead of 8 . bake the buns for 12 to 15 minutes , instead of 15 to 18 minutes . and how about `` slider buns '' — about 3 '' in diameter ? divide the dough into 24 pieces , and bake for 12 to 15 minutes . when making anything with yeast , including these rolls , let the
dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the
dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking ( how you knead the dough ; what kind of yeast you use ) that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .
what 's another easy way to shape buns , besides rolling them into balls and flattening ? gently deflate the dough , and form it into a smooth 8 '' log . slice the log as though you were slicing cinnamon buns . gently pull each slice into a circle .
brushing buns with melted butter will give them a soft , light golden
crust . brushing with an egg-white wash ( 1 egg white beaten with 1/4 cup
water ) will give them a shinier , darker crust . for seeded buns , brush with the egg wash ; it 'll make the seeds adhere . and , feel free to add the extra yolk to the dough , reserving the white for the wash.to make these buns using our hamburger bun pan : divide the dough into six pieces ( if you have a kitchen scale each piece will weigh about 4 1/2 ounces ) , and shape them into balls . place the balls into the lightly-greased wells of a hamburger bun pan , and gently press them with your hand to fill the bottom of the wells , or until they 're about 3 1/2 '' to 4 '' wide . proceed with the recipe as written .


stromboli

this is a flavorful picnic bread , swirled with cheese , and colorful peppers and onions .

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
35 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver
11 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
12 g italian seasoning , or pizza dough flavor
11 g olive oil
227 g water

filling

11 g olive oil
78 g diced onion
1 teaspoon finely minced garlic
213 g diced red or green peppers ( or a combination )
50 g grated parmesan
113 g shredded cheddar cheese

combine all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until a rough dough forms , then knead until the dough is smooth and satiny . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour . it 'll become somewhat puffy , but may not double in bulk . to make the filling : heat the olive oil in a sauté pan , and add the onion . cook , stirring , until the onions are translucent . stir in the garlic and cook until you smell it . do n't brown the garlic . add the peppers and continue to cook until they are soft . remove from the heat and set aside to cool . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface and roll it out into a 10 '' x 18 '' rectangle . the dough will be stretched quite thin ( about 1/4 '' thick ) . sprinkle the pepper mixture and the cheeses over the dough , leaving a 2 '' margin along one long side . roll up loosely , starting with a long edge . pinch the seam and ends closed , and shape the log into a crescent shape , seam-side down , on a lightly greased baking sheet . snip it at 2 '' intervals with a pair of scissors , then allow it to rise , covered , for 2 hours ; it wo n't double . toward the end of the rising , preheat the oven to 375° . bake the stromboli for 25 to 35 minutes , tenting with foil if it appears to be browning too quickly . let cool for 10 minutes before slicing . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 2 days . freeze for up to 3 months .




new orleans pecan pie bread pudding

this sweet , creamy , nutty pudding was universally loved when we put it out for taste-testing .

425 to 482 g bread , 3/4 '' cubes , tough crust removed
1 jar pecan pie in a jar
57 g butter , melted
6 large eggs
170 g half & half or cream

butter a 2-quart baking dish . microwave pecan pie in a jar for 1 minute ; carefully remove it from the microwave . in a large mixing bowl , whisk together the melted butter , eggs , and half & half or cream . whisk in the pecan mixture . scoop off most of the pecans , and set them aside . add the bread cubes to the milk/egg , and mix lightly to combine . pour the mixture into the dish ; it may mound slightly . spoon the pecans over the top of the pudding . let the mixture sit for an hour or so at room temperature , or overnight in the refrigerator , covered . just before baking preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the pudding for 45 to 55 minutes , uncovered , until the top is browned and the middle springs back when lightly pressed . remove the pudding from the oven , and serve warm , topped with ice-cream or whipped cream . or , as they do in new orleans , with whiskey sauce ! yield : 8 to 10 servings

tips from our bakers

how big a loaf of bread do you need to make 11 to 12 cups of bread cubes ? a 1 1/2-pound loaf , with its crusts removed , should be just about right.do n't have pecan pie in a jar ? i tried the recipe using my favorite pecan pie filling recipe , increasing the eggs to 6 to cover the 6 eggs in the original recipe and it works just beautifully !


gluten-free pumpkin bread

this moist , nicely spicy pumpkin loaf is so good , you 'd never suspect it 's both gluten-free and dairy-free .

4 large eggs
43 g molasses
425 g pumpkin purée
67 g vegetable oil
273 g king arthur gluten-free flour or 227 g brown rice flour blend*
198 g sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice , or substitute 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon , 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger , and 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves .
up to 1 cup chopped nuts , chocolate chips , or other add-ins
*see recipe for this blend below .

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf inch pan . whisk together the eggs , molasses , pumpkin purée and oil . set aside . whisk together the gluten-free flour or brown rice flour blend , sugar , baking powder , xanthan gum , salt , and pumpkin pie spice . add the egg mixture about half at a time , whisking until combined after each addition . stir in any desired add-ins . scoop the batter into the prepared pan , and let it rest for 10 minutes . sprinkle with sparkling sugar , if desired . bake the bread for 60 to 65 minutes , until the middle springs back when lightly touched and a toothpick inserted into the top-center comes out clean . remove it from the oven and let it rest for 10 minutes before removing from the pan . cool completely for easiest slicing . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf , about 18 servings . *make your own blend many of our gluten-free recipes use our king arthur gluten-free flour , which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods . our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats , keeping them fresh longer . the following make-at-home blend , featuring stabilized brown rice flour , works pretty well when substituted ; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour . whisk together 6 cups ( 28 1/2 ounces ) king arthur stabilized brown rice flour ; 2 cups ( 10 3/4 ounces ) potato starch ; and 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) tapioca flour or tapioca starch . store airtight at room temperature . note : you can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like ; it 'll make your baked goods grittier ( unless you manage to find a finely ground version ) .




nutty-fruity sourdough

this dense , moist , gently tangy bread makes wonderful breakfast toast . or slice it very thin , and spread it with cream cheese or butter — what a treat !

227 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
227 g water
78 g pumpernickel flour
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
184 g fruitcake fruit blend or the dried fruits of your choice
113 g chopped nuts ( pecans , walnuts , or almonds )

mix all of the ingredients ( except the fruit and nuts ) by hand , mixer , or bread machine until you 've created a smooth , elastic dough . because the consistency of sourdough starters vary , you may need to add a bit of extra flour or water ; the dough should be medium-soft but not sticky . add the dried fruit and nuts , kneading until they 're evenly incorporated . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours . turn the dough onto a lightly greased or floured surface , and form it into a fat log . place the log into an italian stoneware baker that 's been greased on the bottom , or onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the loaf , and let it rise for 1 hour , or until it springs back very slowly when lightly pressed . if you 're baking in a covered stoneware baker , place the bread into a cold oven , set the oven to 400°f , and bake for 40 minutes . check the bread , and bake for a bit longer , if necessary ; the internal temperature should be about 190°f when measured on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . if you 're baking on a sheet pan , preheat the oven to 375°f , and bake for 28 to 32 minutes , until the bread is brown . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack .

tips from our bakers

need some sourdough starter to get started ? see our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch . or , if you 're looking for a head-start , check out our classic fresh sourdough starter , a simpler path to fresh , ready-to-use sourdough starter .


white chili with cornbread

this tasty white chili , made with chicken or turkey , is topped with green chile cornbread . dig in !

chili

25 g olive oil
1 large onion , peeled and chopped , about 397 g chopped onion
1 red bell pepper , seeded and chopped into 1/2 '' pieces ; about 170 g chopped pepper
1 small jalapeño pepper , diced ; remove and discard seeds for milder chili
1 to 4 cloves garlic ( to taste ) , peeled and minced
1 pound bag frozen corn , thawed ; or 3 cups fresh or frozen/thawed corn kernels
2 cans ( 4 1/2 ounces each ) chopped green chiles , undrained
680 g chopped cooked chicken or turkey meat , white and/or dark
1 can ( 15 to 19 ounces ) white beans or cannellini beans , undrained
1 tablespoon ground cumin , or to taste
3/4 teaspoon salt , or to taste
3-ounce package cream cheese
113 to 170 g grated cheddar cheese , optional , for topping

cornbread topping

206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
156 g yellow cornmeal
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 1/2-ounce can chopped mild green chiles , drained
7 g chopped fresh cilantro , optional
283 g milk
113 g butter , melted and cooled
1 large egg

to make the chili : heat the oil in a large frying pan . add the onion , peppers , and garlic , frying until the vegetables are soft and the onions are barely beginning to turn golden , about 10 to 15 minutes . add the corn , chiles , and chicken or turkey , stirring to combine . place the beans with their liquid in a food processor or blender , and process until smooth . add to the pan with the meat and vegetables , stirring to combine . stir in the cumin and salt . simmer the chili slowly for 30 minutes , stirring frequently . while the chili simmers , make the cornbread topping , and start preheating the oven to 375°f . in a medium bowl , whisk together the flours , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , salt , chiles , and fresh cilantro . in another bowl or large measuring cup , whisk together the milk , melted butter , and egg . pour the liquid all at once into the flour mixture , stirring quickly and gently until just combined . set the batter aside while you finish the chili . add the cream cheese to the chili , stirring until it melts . adjust the salt , if necessary . spoon the chili into a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' x 2 '' -deep pan . you 'll need about 1 '' clearance between the chili and the top of the pan , to ensure the cornbread topping does n't overflow . if your pan is shallower than 2 '' , fill with chili until it comes no closer than 1 '' to the top . you may also divide the chili among individual serving dishes . the entire recipe makes about 8 cups of chili ; if you use 2-cup capacity ramekins or bakers , spoon 1 cup chili into each . top the chili with grated cheddar cheese , if desired ; then with the cornbread batter . for 8 individual ramekins or bakers , use 1/2 cup batter for each . bake the chili and cornbread for about 25 minutes , until the top is set and a toothpick inserted into the cornbread comes out clean . the individual servings will bake for about 20 minutes . remove from the oven , and serve hot or warm . yield : about 8 to 12 servings .

tips from our bakers

feel free to use canned or fresh corn instead of frozen ; or southwest-style frozen corn , with diced red peppers.our thanks to grouprecipes.com , for the inspiration to smooth the chili 's texture with puréed beans , and add richness with cream cheese .


swedish saffron pretzel buns

evocative of traditional st. lucia buns , these bright yellow soft pretzel buns feature the wonderful flavor of toasted almonds .

pretzels

227 g milk
1/4 teaspoon saffron threads or buttery sweet dough flavor
113 g butter
11 g instant yeast
539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g potato flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
99 g sugar
3 large eggs

topping , optional

swedish pearl sugar

glaze , optional

227 g glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
28 g to 42 g milk or 54 g to 71 g heavy cream
57 g slivered almonds , toasted

to make the buns : heat the milk and saffron to a simmer , remove from the heat , add the butter and vanilla , and set the mixture aside to cool to lukewarm . if you 're using the buttery sweet dough flavor , add it now . meanwhile , stir together the dry ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook . pour the milk mixture over the dry ingredients and mix well . separate one egg and set the white aside . add the 2 whole eggs and 1 yolk to the dough , beating on low speed for 10 to 15 minutes . the dough will be quite soft , but should lose its stickiness and become shiny . lightly grease a large bowl , place the dough in it , and cover the bowl . let it rise at room temperature for an hour , then refrigerate it for 2 or more hours or as long as overnight . remove the dough from the refrigerator . divide it into 12 pieces , and roll each piece into a log about 10 '' long . shape the logs into pretzels and place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) cover the pretzels lightly and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until they 're puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . beat the reserved egg white with 1 tablespoon water . brush the egg wash over the pretzels . sprinkle them with swedish pearl sugar , if you 're using it . bake the pretzels for 12 to 15 minutes , until they 're very lightly browned . remove them from the oven and allow to cool . make the glaze by stirring together the sugar , extracts , and milk or cream until it has a pourable consistency . drizzle the glaze over the pretzels , and sprinkle them with the almonds . store the pretzels , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

take each rope and make a u-shaped loop with fairly short ends . cross the rope near the ends , twist the ends a second time , and fold the twist into the middle of the u . press the ends of the rope on either side of the bottom center of the loop , creating the classic pretzel shape.if you like , sprinkle the pretzels with swedish pearl sugar before baking instead of glazing them afterward .


crusty european-style hard rolls

these rolls have a delicious crackly/crunchy crust , partly the result of allowing them to proof in the refrigerator , partly from an egg white wash applied just prior to baking . their texture is light and airy , rather than substantial , which makes them a wonderful mini-sandwich roll . make them slightly larger , and they 're perfect for hamburgers or grilled sausage . or serve them at breakfast , with butter and preserves , as they do in europe . notice that this recipe includes just over 1/4 teaspoon yeast . why so little ? because of the extra-long fermentation , key to developing the rolls ' flavor . as the dough rests , the yeast will continue to multiply ; thus there 's no need to `` front-load '' with lots of yeast initially .

starter

113 g cool water
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g lukewarm water
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast

egg wash

1 large egg white mixed with 1-2 tablespoon cool water

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients together until smooth , cover , and let rest at room temperature overnight . combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , somewhat smooth dough ; it should be cohesive , but the surface may still be a bit rough . it may also stick to the bowl just the tiniest bit . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 3 hours , gently deflating it and turning it over after 1 hour , and again after 2 hours . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . divide it into 12 pieces , shape the pieces into balls , and firm them up by rolling them under your lightly cupped fingers . place the rolls on a parchment-lined baking sheet , cover them , and let them rise for 1 to 2 hours , until they 're puffy , though not doubled in size . they 'll flatten out a bit as they rise ; that 's ok. cover the rolls , and refrigerate them for 2 to 3 hours . towards the end of the rolls ' chill , preheat the oven to 425°f . whisk together the egg white and water until frothy . remove the rolls from the refrigerator , and brush them with the wash ; you wo n't use it all up . again , do n't be discouraged if the rolls seem a bit flat ; they 'll pick up when they hit the oven 's heat . slash a 1/4 '' deep cut across the top of each roll . immediately put the rolls into the oven . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . or , for best crunch , open the oven door , and allow the rolls to cool in the turned-off , open-door oven .

tips from our bakers

for larger rolls , divide the dough into 8 pieces , rather than 12 . bake for a minute or two longer .


savory onion rosemary breadsticks

these are delicious as a nibble with cocktails before a big holiday dinner . festive and rustic , these breadsticks are soft and chewy ; the garlic olive oil makes the crust especially tasty . we experimented with sprinkling different toppings on the breadsticks after they had been brushed with garlic oil . some of our favorites are crushed red pepper flakes , fennel seeds , cracked black pepper , and kosher salt .

454 g warm water
11 g active dry yeast
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons barley malt syrup
64 g olive oil
14 g salt
2 tablespoons minced rosemary , fresh
156 g chopped onion , sautéed in 25 g olive oil until translucent
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
454 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium 100 % whole wheat flour
99 g extra-virgin olive oil with a garlic clove or two squeezed into it ; or garlic oil

dissolve the yeast in the water and add the sugar and the malt . add 1 cup of the all-purpose flour and let this sit for 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going . stir in the olive oil , salt , rosemary , and onion . add the rest of the all-purpose flour . add the whole wheat flour , a cup at a time , until the dough has formed a shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it , adding more flour as necessary , until the dough has formed a smooth and satiny ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . turn the dough in the bowl to coat all sides with oil . cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a damp towel . place the dough in a warm place and let it rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it has doubled in bulk . line a few baking sheets with parchment paper ( or lightly grease them ) . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter . knead the dough to expel any air bubbles . divide the dough in half and keep dividing the halves into halves until you have 40 pieces . roll each piece into a rope about 12 '' long . place on the baking sheet ; leave a 1 '' space between the breadsticks . cover with a damp towel and let rise for about 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 400°f . brush the breadsticks with garlic olive oil . bake the breadsticks for about 10 minutes , or until golden brown . these can be kept overnight in a plastic bag , and heated up the next day for a few minutes in a 350°f oven until they are refreshed .

tips from our bakers

if you prefer thin , crunchy breadsticks like italian grissini , place the dough on a well-floured work surface and roll into a large rectangle approximately 1/4 '' thick , and just wide enough to fit on your baking sheet . you 'll probably have to do this in pieces . using a rolling pizza wheel , cut the dough into strips approximately 1/4 '' wide . transfer strips to baking sheet . let rise for about 1 hour , then bake in a preheated 425°f oven for 15 minutes or so , or until they 're golden brown.this is a recipe that also lends itself well to rolls . you can form the dough into about 30 golf-ball sized rolls and extend the baking time to 20 to 25 minutes .


easter monday ham & cheese bake

so you bought a big ham for dinner , and now you 've got a big plate of leftovers , right ? well , there 's more to life than ham sandwiches . this dish pairs ham and cheese with eggs , milk , and bread in a savory casserole that 's perfect any time of day : breakfast , lunch , or dinner .

227 g slightly stale bread or rolls , crusts removed if hard
227 g cooked ham , cut into cubes
227 g shredded cheese : cheddar , monterey jack , swiss , or your favorite combination
5 large eggs
454 g milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon prepared mustard or 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard
28 g vermont cheese powder , optional
50 g panko bread crumbs , or coarse , dry bread crumbs
28 g melted butter

lightly grease a small ( 7- to 8-cup ) casserole dish , for nicest presentation ; or a 9 '' x 9 '' square cake pan . cut the bread into small ( 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' cubes ) . place half the cubes into the prepared baking dish . layer the ham over the bread ; sprinkle the cheese over the ham . top with the remaining bread . in a separate bowl , whisk together the eggs , milk , salt , mustard , and cheese powder , if you 're using it . pour over the bread and ham in the dish , pushing the bread down into the milk . cover the dish , and refrigerate overnight . next day , preheat the oven to 375°f . remove the casserole from the refrigerator . combine the bread crumbs and melted butter . sprinkle evenly atop the casserole . bake the casserole for 40 to 45 minutes , or until a cake tester or paring knife inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the casserole from the oven . serve hot or warm . fruit salad is a tasty accompaniment . yield : 6 to 9 servings .

tips from our bakers

want to make a larger casserole ? double all the ingredients and bake in a 9 '' x 13 '' pan for about 40 to 45 minutes . if your 9 '' x 13 '' pan is n't at least 2 '' deep , increase the ingredients by about 50 % , rather than doubling them.adding cheese powder to the milk-egg custard enhances the cheese flavor of this dish if you 're using a mild cheese , such as monterey jack or swiss ; if you use a stronger cheese , such as sharp cheddar , there 's no need to add the cheese powder .


cheddar cheese bread

a delightful hint of cheddar cheese permeates this golden loaf . use it as a base for a grilled sandwich , or to add a new depth to a breakfast strata .

361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
1 teaspoon pizza dough flavor , optional
14 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
28 g butter , room temperature
113 g water
149 g milk
128 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese

in a large bowl , mix together all the ingredients except the cheese , stirring them to form a shaggy mass . let the mixture sit for 15 minutes , then knead it — by hand or machine — until you 've formed a smooth , elastic dough . knead in the cheese , place the dough in a greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise for 1 hour . after the hour it should be puffy , though not doubled in size . lightly grease or spray an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface , and shape it into a loaf . place it in the pan , and let it rise for about 1 hour . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 25 minutes , or until a digital thermometer inserted into the center reads 190°f . store the bread , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

if the bread appears to be browning too quickly , tent it lightly with aluminum foil after the first 15 minutes of baking .


smith family pasta bake

this down-home casserole is perfect for potlucks or big family gatherings ; it fills quite a large pot with a warm , bubbling casserole of pasta , onions , a tomato-y white sauce , and cheese . even better : the pasta cooks as the casserole bakes , so there 's no need to boil up a pound of pasta before you start .

595 g chopped onion , about 3 medium-large onions
3 ( or more ) garlic cloves , chopped
50 g olive oil or vegetable oil
113 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
907 g milk
25 g dijon mustard
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg , optional
680 g jar pasta sauce
35 g sugar , optional
2 teaspoons dried basil*
454 g pasta , uncooked ; about 6 cups uncooked pasta : shells , ziti , rotelli , elbows , etc .
340 g shredded cheese ; a mixture of parmesan and mozzarella is tasty
pizza seasoning , optional
*you can omit the basil if you 're using bottled pasta sauce .

sauté the chopped onions and garlic in the oil until they 're soft and golden . add the flour to the onions , stirring to combine . gradually add the milk , stirring until smooth and thickened . add the mustard , salt , pepper , and nutmeg . add the pasta sauce , sugar ( if desired ) , and basil . stir to combine , and remove from the heat . preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a large ( about 4-quart ) , deep casserole dish . pour about 1 1/2 cups ( about one quarter ) of the pasta sauce into the bottom of the prepared dish . add 2 cups ( one third ) of the uncooked pasta , then about 1 cup ( one third ) of the cheese . repeat the layers ; then add a final layer of sauce , pasta , sauce , and cheese . sprinkle with pizza seasoning , if desired . bake the casserole for 35 to 45 minutes , until it 's bubbling and beginning to brown on top . remove it from the oven , and let it rest for 15 to 30 minutes before serving . yield : 12 to 20 servings , depending on size .

tips from our bakers

since the dry pasta cooks in the casserole as it bakes , choose a pasta that does n't have an ultra-long cooking time , to avoid too-hard noodles ; 7 to 10 minutes is ideal.to make this in a zojirushi cec20 or x20 bread machine , simply remove the paddles from the bucket ; layer the ingredients in the bucket ; and use the homemade menu to program for `` bake only , '' 70 minutes . the keep-warm option is — well , optional , if you want to keep the casserole warm for awhile .


simple tortillas

this recipe for soft flour tortillas is quick and easy . soft and tender , with just a little bit of `` chew , '' you can have these on the table in under an hour . the dough can also be made the day before and allowed to rest in the fridge overnight .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , plus additional as needed
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
57 g lard ( traditional ) ; or butter ; or 48 g shortening ; or 50 g vegetable oil
198 g to 227 g hot tap water ( about 110°f to 120°f )

to make the dough : in a medium-sized bowl , whisk together the flour , baking powder , and salt . add the lard ( or butter , or shortening ; if you 're using vegetable oil , add it in step 3 ) . use your fingers or a pastry blender to work the fat into the flour until it disappears . coating most of the flour with fat inhibits gluten formation , making the tortillas easier to roll out . pour in the lesser amount of hot water ( plus the oil , if you 're using it ) , and stir briskly with a fork or whisk to bring the dough together into a shaggy mass . stir in additional water as needed to bring the dough together . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead briefly , just until the dough forms a ball . if the dough is very sticky , gradually add a bit more flour . divide the dough into 8 pieces . round the pieces into balls , flatten slightly , and allow them to rest , covered , for about 30 minutes ( see tips at left ) . if you wish , coat each ball lightly in oil before covering ; this ensures the dough does n't dry out . while the dough rests , preheat an ungreased cast iron griddle or skillet over medium high heat , about 400°f . working with one piece of dough at a time , roll into a round about 8 '' in diameter . keep the remaining dough covered while you work . fry the tortilla in the ungreased pan for about 30 seconds on each side . wrap the tortilla in a clean cloth when it comes off the griddle , to keep it pliable . repeat with the remaining dough balls .

tips from our bakers

although traditionally made with lard , these tortillas are equally delicious using butter , shortening , or vegetable oil as the fat . if you choose to use oil , add it with the water in step 3 .

the resting period improves the texture of the dough by giving the flour time to absorb the water . it also gives the gluten time to relax , making the tortillas easier to roll out . you may extend the resting , or skip it altogether if you do n't have the time ; the recipe is pretty forgiving . the tortillas will roll out and stay thinner if you include the rest , though .
if there are leftovers , allow them to cool completely , then wrap tightly in plastic and store in the refrigerator . reheat in an ungreased skillet , or for a few seconds in the microwave .


toasty corn shells

crusty on the outside and tender on the inside , try these with your next beach-style meal of clam chowder , steamed crabs , or grilled fish .

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
103 g yellow cornmeal
2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
74 g sugar
3 large eggs
149 g milk
113 g unsalted butter , melted

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a shell pan or a muffin top pan . in a large mixing bowl , whisk together the flour , cornmeal , baking powder , salt , and sugar . in a separate bowl , whisk the eggs and milk until thoroughly combined . pour the milk/egg mixture and the melted butter over the dry ingredients , and stir just to combine ; do n't beat this mixture , or the cakes will be tough . using a muffin scoop or spoon , scoop about 1/4 cup of batter into each shell . the shells should be just about half full , maybe a bit less . wet your fingers and spread the batter to cover the bottom of the shells , smoothing the top at the same time . bake for 12 to 15 minutes , or until the edges begin to brown slightly . remove from the oven , and let cool in the pan for 5 to 10 minutes before removing from the pan and onto a rack to cool completely . the shells may be stored well-wrapped at room temperature for 3 days , or frozen for a month .




nola-style french bread rolls

french bread in new orleans has developed its own light , crispy crust and tender , almost frothy interior . the addition of a bit of olive oil and a wet dough make the crumb very tender and more close-grained than a traditional baguette . happily , the texture is ideal for soaking up all the wonderful flavors in a po ' boy , the distinctive sandwich of the city .

454 g lukewarm water
25 g sugar
18 g active dry or saf instant yeast
25 g olive oil
602 g to 723 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
14 g table salt

pour the water into the bowl of a stand mixer . add 1 tablespoon of sugar , stir , sprinkle with the yeast , and allow to sit for 15 minutes , until frothy and bubbling . add the remaining tablespoon of sugar , olive oil , 5 cups flour , and salt . use a spatula to bring the ingredients together into a shaggy dough . place the bowl on the mixer fitted with a dough hook , and mix the dough at medium speed for 8 minutes . the dough should form a ball and pull away from the sides of the bowl . add more flour , a few tablespoons at a time , if the dough seems too sticky . turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead by hand for a minute or two . lightly coat the mixing bowl with cooking spray or oil . return the dough to the bowl and cover with plastic wrap . allow it to rise in a draft-free place for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . after the first rise , deflate the dough and divide it into four equal pieces . let the dough rest for 15 minutes , then shape each piece into a ball and cover with greased plastic wrap , while you prepare a clean , lightly floured ( or lightly greased ) work surface . the plastic wrap will keep any waiting dough soft and moist as you shape the loaves . roll each piece of dough into a 16 '' x 3 '' log . place on two parchment-lined baking sheets , putting two on each pan . cover with greased plastic wrap and let them rise for 1 hour . while the loaves are rising , place racks in the center and upper third of your oven and preheat to 375°f . place the risen loaves in the oven and bake them for 30 minutes , or until they 're deep golden brown . rotate the baking sheets halfway through the baking time ( top to bottom , bottom to top ) . remove the bread from the oven and cool it on a rack before using it to make sandwiches . yield : 4 loaves .




no-knead 100 % whole wheat bread

if you 've never baked yeast bread but want to make your own homemade whole wheat loaf , this is a great place to start . unlike most yeast breads , this one is n't kneaded ; instead , the soft dough is simply beaten in a bowl for several minutes , then scooped into a bread pan . an hour later , it 's ready to pop into the oven . the result : a dense , moist , easy-to-slice loaf , ideal for sandwiches , toast , french toast , and grilled cheese .

227 g lukewarm water
57 g orange juice
57 g butter , melted ; or 1 3/4 ounces vegetable oil
64 g molasses , maple syrup , dark corn syrup , or brown sugar corn syrup
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk*
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
340 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
*see `` tips , '' below .

heavily grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . this loaf tends to stick , so be sure to grease the pan thoroughly with non-stick vegetable oil spray . combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl . beat the mixture vigorously for about 3 minutes ; an electric mixer set on high speed works well here . you should have a very sticky dough . it wo n't be pourable , but neither will it be kneadable . scoop it into the prepared pan . wet your fingers , and smooth out the top of the dough . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap ; or better yet an elastic shower cap , `` poofing '' up the top to give the rising loaf plenty of room . let the loaf rise for 60 to 90 minutes ; it should just about rise to the rim of the pan , perhaps just barely cresting over the rim . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the bread , and bake it for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil after 20 minutes . the bread is done when it 's golden brown on top , and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers between 190°f and 195°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack . brush with melted butter , if desired ; this will keep the crust soft . cool the bread completely before cutting it . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at cool room temperature for 2 to 3 days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

no dry milk in your pantry ? substitute 1 cup lukewarm milk for the 1 cup water and 1/4 cup dry milk.for best results , use an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . if you use a 9 '' x 5 '' pan ( measure the inside/top dimensions , to see what size you have ) , your loaf will turn out shorter and flatter .


mexican spiral bread

this bread is what happens when your burrito and your sandwich collide head on . the spicy , cheesy burrito filling swirls throughout the tender sandwich bread to make a savory takeoff on a breakfast classic . whip up a batch of your favorite sandwich bread dough , and take it out for a spin in a daring new direction .

one batch of our favorite bread
425 g cooked black beans , drained
71 g chopped onion
1 tablespoon olive oil , for frying
1 teaspoon dried basil
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 tablespoon chili powder , mild or hot
14 g pizza dough flavor
2 cups shredded or diced sharp cheddar cheese
chopped pickled jalapeño peppers , optional , to taste

prepare your bread dough through the first rise . preheat the oven to 375°f and lightly grease two 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pans . in a medium-sized skillet , heat the beans , onion , and olive oil for 5 minutes . stir often , then add the basil , cumin , chili powder , and pizza dough flavor . continue to cook for another 5 to 10 minutes , or until the beans are very soft and mashable . mash the bean mixture well , and set aside to cool slightly . divide the dough in half and roll each piece into a 9 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread each with half the bean mixture , then top with half the cheese and pickled jalapeños . leave a 1/2 '' border around all edges free of filling , to make rolling easier . starting with a short end , roll up the bread , tucking in any loose cheese or beans as you roll . seal the end seams well and place the rolled bread , seam side down , in the prepared pan . repeat with second piece of dough and remaining filling , cheese , and peppers . cover the breads loosely , and let rise at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes , or until full and round . bake in a preheated 375°f oven for 25 to 35 minutes , or until the bread 's internal temperature reaches 190°f to 200°f . if desired , brush the top of the loaves with melted butter to keep their crust soft . serve the bread warm , cut in chunks ; or cool and slice for great grilled cheese . yield : 2 loaves .

tips from our bakers

no pizza dough flavor ? substitute 1 teaspoon garlic powder , 1 teaspoon onion powder , and 1 teaspoon cheese powder instead . could you use a can of refried beans and add your own spices ? sure , it should work just fine . starting with plain beans helps you control the added fat .


maple-walnut oat bread

whole wheat and oats are the featured whole grains in this soft , high-rising sandwich loaf .

255 g lukewarm water
39 g maple syrup
57 g unsalted butter , diced
149 g old-fashioned rolled oats , ground for 30 seconds in a blender or food processor
85 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g maple sugar or brown sugar
¼ to ½ teaspoon maple flavor , to taste ( optional )
1 ¼ teaspoons salt
2 ½ teaspoons instant yeast
113 g chopped walnuts

combine all the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure ( the measure lets you track the dough 's progress as it rises ) , and let it rise until nearly doubled in bulk , 1 to 2 hours . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a 9 '' log . place it in the prepared pan . cover the pan and let the bread rise until it crowns about 1 ½ '' over the rim of the pan , 1 ½ to 2 ½ hours . preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the bread , and bake it for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it with foil after 15 minutes . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register 190°f when the loaf is done . remove the bread from the oven , and after about a minute turn out onto a rack to cool . yield : one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

for a glossy , sweet crust , mix 2 teaspoons melted butter and 1 tablespoon maple syrup , and brush onto the hot baked bread .


sweet potato sandwich rolls

soft without being squishy , flavorful without being cute , these rolls are perfect with some sliced turkey and perhaps a bit of cranberry sauce . these rolls would do a great job with any kind of filling , from roast beef with horseradish to grilled vegetables and cheese .

dough

113 g water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g soft butter
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
3/4 cup cooked , mashed sweet potato ( 1 medium )
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium 100 % whole wheat flour
269 g to 298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water
18 g sesame seeds , optional

to make the dough : place all of the ingredients ( holding back 1/2 cup of the all-purpose flour ) into the bowl of your mixer or the bucket of your bread machine , set up for the dough cycle . mix until you 've formed a soft , but not sticky dough . add more flour from your reserved amount if needed to achieve the correct consistency . knead the dough for 6 minutes , then place it in a greased bowl , cover and let rise for 45 minutes to an hour ; it will almost double in size and look puffy . to shape and finish the rolls : after the first rise , deflate the dough and divide it into 6 pieces . you can roll each piece into a ball , then flatten it to make it 3/4 '' thick . or you can roll each piece into a 12 '' to 14 '' rope , and form into a knot-style roll . place the rolls either in a hamburger bun pan or on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover with greased plastic wrap , and let rise for 25 to 30 minutes , until almost doubled . sprinkle lightly with flour , or brush the tops of the rolls with the beaten egg , and sprinkle with sesame seeds , if using . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake for 17 to 19 minutes , until the tops are a rich golden brown color . remove the rolls from the oven , and cool them on a rack for 5 minutes , before removing from them from the pan to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to one month .

tips from our bakers

if you prefer a plain , soft-topped roll , brush the rolls with melted butter right after you remove them from the oven.for a version that highlights whole grain goodness , substitute 1 cup of kamut or ancient grains flour blend for 1 cup of the all-purpose flour in . this recipe .


flaky buttery crescent rolls

admit it — you 've always had a secret fondness for those crescent rolls in a can . you know , the ones that are just so buttery and flaky ... well , how about making your own ? they are n't the quickest rolls to make , but homemade crescents are wonderfully buttery , flaky , tender , and totally tasty .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoons instant yeast
283 g cold unsalted butter*
340 g ricotta cheese , full-fat or part-skim
*if you use salted butter , reduce the salt in the recipe to 3/4 teaspoon .

whisk together the flour , salt , baking powder , and yeast . cut the cold butter into pats ( or pound it flat with a rolling pin ) , and work it into the flour mixture until it 's unevenly crumbly , with larger bits of butter remaining intact . stir in the ricotta cheese . the dough will be craggy , but cohesive . turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface , and bring it together , if necessary , with a few quick kneads . divide the dough in half . working with one half at a time , pat the dough into a rough square , then roll it into an 8 '' x 10 '' rectangle . starting with one of the shorter ( 8 '' ) ends , fold the dough in thirds like a business letter , flip it over ( so the open flap is on the bottom ) , and turn it 90° . roll the dough into an 8 '' x 10 '' rectangle again . fold it in thirds , wrap in plastic , and place in the refrigerator to chill for at least 30 minutes ( or overnight ) before using . repeat with the remaining piece of dough . if desired , freeze the dough for up to 1 month before using . when you 're ready to shape the crescent rolls , remove the dough from the refrigerator . allow it to warm and soften for about 10 minutes at room temperature ; this will make it easier to work with . working with one piece of dough at a time , cut it in half . round the corners , and roll the dough into a 9 '' circle . cut the circle into 6 wedges . to shape a crescent roll , begin at the base of a wedge ; and roll towards the point at the top . place the roll on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , with the tip underneath . gently bend the roll into a crescent shape . repeat with the other half of the first piece of dough ; then with the remaining dough . you will have rolled and cut four pieces of dough , to make a total of 24 rolls . cover the pans , and let the rolls rest for 3 to 4 hours . they wo n't rise noticeably ; that 's ok . towards the end of the rest period , preheat the oven to 375°f . uncover the rolls , and bake them for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and serve warm , or at room temperature . store any leftovers tightly wrapped at room temperature . to reheat , place the rolls on a pan , tent lightly with aluminum foil , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 7 to 10 minutes , until the rolls are hot . yield : 2 dozen crescent rolls .

tips from our bakers

do n't want to use ricotta cheese ? substitute 1 cup sour cream for the 1 1/2 cups ricotta . be aware sour cream will lend your rolls a tangy , sourdough-like flavor different than that of a classic crescent roll.to make rolls with more layers , roll each piece of dough into a 7 '' x 9 '' rectangle , rather than a 9 '' circle . cut the rectangle into 3 rectangles , each 3 '' x 7 '' ; then cut each rectangle in half diagonally , to make 7 '' long triangles , with a 3 '' base . starting with the short base , roll towards the tip , and proceed as directed in the recipe . can you make these with whole wheat flour ? well , maybe a bit ; say , 1/2 cup to 2/3 cup whole wheat substituted for the same amount of all-purpose flour . any more than that , we fear the rolls would lose their wonderful texture . but experiment with a higher percentage of whole wheat , if you like ; taste is always personal.the dough for these rolls freezes well for up to 1 month . you may also choose to shape the rolls , and immediately wrap and freeze them . when you 're ready to bake , let the dough or rolls thaw in the refrigerator overnight , covered , before using . then let them warm to room temperature before baking .


cheddar-cranberry soda bread

this bread is like a giant scone , marrying the sharpness of vermont cheddar with the tangy sweetness of dried cranberries . we 're partial to cabot cheddar , but feel free to use your own favorite cheese , no matter how sharp or mellow . be sure to use a sharp serrated knife to cut the loaf , otherwise you 'll end up with a pile of crumbs — which are difficult to slather in soft butter !

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g vermont cheese powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
57 g cold unsalted butter , cut into 1/2 '' dice
227 g sharp or extra-sharp cheddar cheese , grated ; we prefer cabot extra-sharp
85 g dried cranberries
85 g chopped walnuts , optional
283 g buttermilk or 170 g plain ( not greek ) yogurt + 113 g milk
1 large egg

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . combine the flour , cheese powder , baking powder , baking soda , and salt . work in the butter until the mixture is crumbly . stir in the cheese , cranberries , and walnuts . mix the buttermilk and egg , and gently stir into the dry ingredients . scoop the dough into the pan , spreading it to the edges . bake the bread for 65 to 75 minutes , tenting it with foil for the final 10 to 15 minutes of baking , until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean . its internal temperature at the center will be about 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and loosen the edges with a table knife . wait 5 minutes , then gently turn it out onto a rack to cool . do n't slice while hot ; it 'll crumble . yield : 1 loaf , 8 to 12 servings .




limerick soda bread

this bread is simple to put together , and a staple in the bread baskets at ariel 's restaurant in brookfield , vt . it has an unusual but enticing hint of fennel , and is loaded with bursts of sweetness from the currants or golden raisins within .

422 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
18 g whole fennel seeds
142 g dried currants or golden raisins
1 large egg
454 g buttermilk

preheat the oven to 350°f . butter and flour , or spray with pan spray , a 10 '' round cake pan , 10 '' springform pan , or a 2-quart round casserole dish . in a large mixing bowl , whisk together the flour , sugar , salt , baking powder , and baking soda . mix in the fennel seeds and currants or raisins . whisk together the egg and buttermilk . add to the dry ingredients and stir just until combined . do n't over-mix ; the batter will be quite stiff . spread the batter in the prepared pan . bake the bread for about 50 minutes , until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , and place it on a rack to cool for 15 minutes before tipping it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely before slicing . yield : 40 slices .

tips from our bakers

a mixture of half golden raisins and half currants makes a nice presentation .


soft sandwich rolls

the following recipe will produce a tender , close-grained , hamburger-type roll , rich with milk and butter . golden brown outside and cream-colored inside , with just a hint of sweetness , these rolls are the perfect vehicle for peanut butter and jelly , cheese , lunch meat , tuna salad , and just about any other kind of sandwich you can think of .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons regular instant yeast or active dry yeast
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
46 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
71 g lukewarm water
170 g lukewarm milk
43 g butter , softened or melted

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl ; cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set the dough aside to rise until doubled in bulk , 1 1/2 to 3 hours , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . divide the dough into eight pieces . shape each piece into a smooth ball , and flatten the balls until they 're about 4 '' in diameter , trying to keep the tops of the rolls smooth ; the nicer the top looks at this point , the nicer the roll will turn out to be once it 's baked . drape the rolls with lightly greased plastic wrap , and set them aside to rise until they 're very puffy , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 22 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven , set them on a rack to cool , and brush them with melted butter , if desired . this will give the rolls a soft crust . when the rolls have cooled completely , store them in an airtight container for several days at room temperature . freeze , well-wrapped , for longer storage .




honey spelt sourdough bread

the inspiration for this bread comes from the king arthur flour whole grain baking cookbook . we made a few adaptations , and were extra pleased with the crispy crust and even-textured interior we gained from baking it in our covered bread loaf baker . the honey works with the sourdough to create a high-rising loaf , and complements the natural sweetness of the spelt flour — making this a perfect bread for toast .

levain

99 g spelt flour
113 g water , room temperature
1 tablespoon ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter

dough

298 g spelt flour
120 to 177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
all the levain
227 g lukewarm water
28 g unsalted butter , melted
43 g honey
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast

the night before you 're going to bake , make the levain : weigh the spelt flour , or measure it by gently spooning it into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . mix the spelt flour , water , and starter together , cover , and set aside at room temperature for 12 hours , or overnight . at this time the levain should be expanded and very bubbly , but not yet starting to fall . the next day , weigh the flours , or measure them by gently spooning them into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . combine the flours with all the levain , and the remaining dough ingredients . mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you have a soft , smooth , elastic dough , incorporating only as much of the remaining 1/2 cup of all-purpose flour as you need to keep the dough from sticking ; it will quickly become smooth and elastic . let the dough rise , covered , for about 1 hour . it wo n't double in that time , but it will start to get puffy . meanwhile , grease a covered bread loaf baker . after an hour , remove the dough from the bowl and form it into a 9 '' log . place the loaf in the baker , cover it with the baker 's lid , and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . about 30 minutes before you 're ready to bake , preheat your oven to 425°f . remove the lid of the baker , and slash the loaf lengthwise down the center ; dusting the loaf lightly with flour will help you make a neater slash and gives the finished loaf a nice artisan look . place the cover back on the baker . bake the bread for 10 minutes , then reduce the oven temperature to 400°f and bake for 25 to 30 minutes longer . remove the lid , and bake for another 5 minutes or so , until the loaf is nicely golden ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf should read 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the baker immediately , and cool it thoroughly before slicing . store bread at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a covered bread loaf baker , you can bake the loaf in a metal 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . prepare your oven for steaming by placing an oven-safe pan on the bottom rack before preheating . as the oven is preheating , heat a small pan of water on the stove until it comes to a simmer . as the loaf goes into the oven , pour a small amount ( about 1/2 cup ) of the hot water into the pan in the oven to create a burst of steam ( we recommend using oven mitts for this job ) . immediately shut the oven door , bake the bread for 10 minutes at 425°f , then reduce the oven temperature to 400°f , and bake for 30 to 35 minutes longer , tenting the loaf with foil for the final 15 to 20 minutes of baking to prevent over-browning .


pane pugliese

this crusty , slightly domed and delicious peasant bread is made with a very slack ( wet ) dough . the dough is almost impossible to work with , but produces a pleasingly open texture . a long fermentation enhances the bread 's flavor .

biga

113 g cool water
149 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the biga ( above )
340 g lukewarm water
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast

in a small mixing bowl , combine the water , flour , and yeast to form a soft dough . do n't knead it ; just make sure all of the ingredients are well-incorporated . set this mixture aside in a warm place , covered , for 12 to 16 hours ; overnight is fine . knead all of the dough ingredients together , using a mixer or bread machine , until the dough is cohesive and elastic ( though not necessarily smooth ) , about 10 minutes . cover the dough and let it rise in a warm place for 2 to 3 hours , gently stirring it down each hour . letting it rise the full 3 hours will enhance the bread 's flavor . lightly grease a half-sheet pan or other flat pan ; or line with parchment . scoop the very wet dough , in two separate pieces , onto the pan lengthwise , shaping each piece into a rough oval as best you can . cover the dough with heavily greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for about 90 minutes . it 'll spread quite a bit ; do n't worry , it 's supposed to . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 450°f . spray the loaves heavily with warm water , and bake them for 25 to 30 minutes , or until they 're a deep golden brown . turn the oven off , prop the door open , transfer the loaves from the pan to the oven rack , and allow them to cool in the turned-off oven .




reuben-filled white caraway rolls

caraway and rye seem to go naturally together like milk and cookies , or chips and dip . but who says you ca n't have the cookies without the milk ... or the caraway without the rye ? this soft white bread is a native of germany , where heavy , dense rye breads , often naturally leavened with a rye sour , are ubiquitous . this fluffy , yeast-leavened bread is quite a change from the norm — though it stays somewhat true to form by including caraway seeds .

dough

170 g milk
7 g caraway seeds
57 g cold water
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
11 g sugar
2 large eggs
57 g butter

reuben filling

340 g to 397 g lean corned beef , fully cooked and chopped
227 g sauerkraut , rinsed and well-drained or one 397 g can
85 g fresh bread crumbs ( made from part of the bread you pull from the center of the rolls )
113 g sautéed onions
113 g shredded swiss or gruyère cheese , plus 6 slices , about 3 '' or 4 '' -square
149 g russian dressing , bottled or homemade ( see `` tips '' , below . )

heat the milk and caraway seeds in a small saucepan set over medium-low heat , or in the microwave , until the milk is just about ready to boil . small bubbles will have formed around the edges . stir in the cold water , to cool the milk to lukewarm . ( if you like the flavor of caraway , but not the seeds , strain them out . ) to make the dough : combine the milk mixture with the remaining ingredients and mix — by hand , or mixer — to form a shaggy mass with no dry bits . let the mixture rest for 30 minutes . this gives the flour a chance to absorb the liquid , making it easier to knead . knead the mixture — by hand or mixer — until you 've made a smooth dough . place the dough into a greased bowl , then cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's almost doubled in size . to make the dough in a bread machine : place the lukewarm milk and the remaining ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , and adjust its consistency as necessary with additional flour or water . it should be smooth and elastic . allow the machine to complete its cycle . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . to shape and bake the rolls : turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface , and fold it over several times to deflate it . divide the dough into six equal pieces , roll them into balls , and place them on the baking sheet . cover the rolls with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and put them in a warm place to rise for 1 hour , or until the loaf is crowned about 1 1/2 '' over the rim of the pan , or the rolls are very puffy . toward the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 425°f . cut a tic-tac-toe or cross pattern into the tops of the rolls and spritz them with warm water . bake the rolls for 14 to 18 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack before filling . to make the filling : mix the chopped corned beef with the sauerkraut , bread crumbs , onions , shredded cheese and about 3 tablespoons of the russian dressing . reserve the remaining dressing . keep the filling cool until you 're ready to assemble the rolls . to assemble and bake the filled rolls : preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . fill the center of each roll with about 1/2 cup of the filling . spoon a generous tablespoon of the russian dressing over the filling , then top with about 1/4 cup additional filling . place a slice of cheese over the filling ( draping it down over the sides of the roll ) , top with the bread lid , pushing it down slightly , and place the filled rolls on the baking sheet . bake the filled rolls for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're heated through or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 140°f . serve the rolls warm . store the filled rolls , well-wrapped , in the fridge for up to 2 days or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

russian dressing
• 1 tablespoon yellow or dijon-style mustard ( 1/2 ounce , 14g )
• 3 tablespoons ( 1 1/2 ounces , 42g ) ketchup
• 1/4 cup ( 1 to 1 1/2 ounces , 28 to 42g ) sweet pickles , chopped or pickle relish
• 1/2 cup ( 4 ounces , 113g ) mayonnaise
• 1 teaspoon ground black pepper
stir together the ingredients listed in the recipe above . keep the dressing cool until you 're ready to use it .
alternatively , you can make a loaf of white caraway bread by shaping the dough into a log and fitting it into a greased 9 '' by 5 '' loaf pan after the first rise . continue with the second rise , then bake the loaf in a preheated 400°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes . use aluminum foil to tent the loaf after 20 minutes to prevent it from over-browning . when the loaf is done , its center should register 195°f on an instant-read thermometer .


going with the grain bread

chock-full of sunflower seeds , poppy , sesame and flax seeds , oat and millet , wheat and rye , this nutty , crunchy whole-grain loaf makes great sandwiches , and is also super at breakfast , toasted and spread with sweet butter or thick marmalade .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
160 g harvest grains blend
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
32 g potato flour
283 g water
57 g butter or 49 g vegetable oil

to make the dough manually : in a large bowl , combine all of the ingredients until a rough dough forms , then knead ( about 10 minutes by hand , 5 to 7 minutes by mixer ) until it 's smooth and satiny . transfer it to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour . it 'll become somewhat puffy , but may not double in bulk . to make the dough in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle . it should be smooth and supple , not `` gnarly . '' adjust the consistency with additional flour or water as needed . allow the machine to complete its cycle . to shape and bake the bread : shape the dough into a loaf , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap or an acrylic proof cover , and allow the bread to rise until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 1 hour . toward the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , or until its interior registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , take it out of the pan , and allow it to cool on a wire rack . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

substitute king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour for up to 1 cup of the all-purpose flour , if you like .


artisan hearth bread

with its crispy crust and soft , somewhat chewy interior , this loaf of bread is what many of us seek out when we 're going to the bakery . using some simple tools — namely a brotform and baking stone — and a couple of our favorite bakery tricks , you can create your own artisan loaf in your home kitchen .

starter

74 g cool water ( about 65°f )
57 g artisan bread flour
1/16 teaspoon ( a pinch ) instant yeast

dough

all of the starter ( above )
170 g cool water ( about 65°f )
298 g artisan bread flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

to make the starter : weigh the flour , or measure it by gently spooning it into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . combine the flour , water , and yeast . cover the container and allow to rest for 12 to 16 hours at room temperature . it should be doubled in size , and filled with large bubbles . to make the dough : add the water to the starter . weigh the flour , or measure it by gently spooning it into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . add the flour , mix to combine , cover the bowl , and allow the mixture to rest for 20 minutes to allow the flour to absorb the liquid and the gluten to start its development . add the yeast and salt , and knead the dough until it 's fairly smooth , about 5 to 7 minutes by hand or 3 to 4 minutes using a stand mixer set at medium-low speed . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough every 30 minutes during the rising time by gently folding all four sides into the middle , and turning the dough over . transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and shape it into a ball ( boule ) . place the boule smooth side down in a flour-dusted or lined brotform or bowl . loosely cover the boule and allow it to rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 to 2 hours ; it should be puffy but not doubled . about 30 minutes before the boule is finished rising , preheat the oven to 425°f and place a baking stone on the center rack . turn the boule , smooth side up , very gently onto a baker 's peel dusted with semolina or cornmeal , or onto a piece of parchment , and transfer it to the hot stone . the dough should slip out gracefully , without deflating . if it does happen to deflate a lot ( a small settling is ok ) , simply form it into a smooth ball , put it back in the brotform or bowl , and let it rise again ( only this time not quite as high ) . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's deep golden brown and crusty , spraying water into the oven with a spray bottle three times during the first 10 minutes of baking . remove the loaf from the oven , transfer it to a rack , and allow it to cool completely . store leftover bread wrapped in plastic for 2 to 3 days at room temperature ; or in the freezer for up to 3 months .




daktyla

the following greek everyday bread , also found in cyprus and turkey , is a large , soft loaf including both toasted sesame seeds and traditionally , nigella seeds , inside the bread and decorating the crust . nigella seeds have a very distinctive flavor ; some describe it as peppery , others as similar to that of caraway seeds.the loaf is either deeply slashed before baking , or formed by placing balls of dough next to each other on the pan . the result ? easy to pull apart `` fingers '' of dough , making this a great `` pass-around '' loaf .

sponge

113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
67 g yellow cornmeal
1 teaspoon instant yeast
305 g water

dough

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g olive oil
28 g toasted sesame seeds , plus 1 tablespoon to sprinkle over the loaf
1 tablespoon nigella seeds , plus 1 teaspoon to sprinkle over the loaf ( see `` tips '' , below . )

to make the sponge : mix the whole wheat flour , cornmeal , yeast and water in a bowl . let the mixture sit for 1 hour , or until it 's foamy and full of bubbles . to make the dough : mix the remaining ingredients into the sponge and knead — by hand , mixer , food processor or bread machine — to form a soft , supple dough , adding a small amount of extra water or flour as needed . place the dough in a greased bowl , and cover it with a proof cover or plastic wrap . allow it to rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's almost doubled in size . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or greased work surface . divide the dough into 8 pieces . round each piece into a ball , then shape each into an oval about 4 '' in length . select a sheet pan that 's about 18 '' x 13 '' in size , and grease it lightly , or line it with parchment . place the ovals of dough side by side ( long sides almost touching each other ) on the sheet , leaving about 1 '' between each ; they 'll fill the pan end to end . cover the pan and let the dough rise in a warm place for 1 hour , or until it 's expanded enough so that the ovals are touching each other . ( at this point , the whole thing may remind you of a caterpillar . ) preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the top of the dough very lightly with water ( or spray it gently ) , and sprinkle with a mixture of toasted sesame seeds and nigella seeds . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , until it 's golden brown . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

nigella seeds ( known as kalongi in india , where they 're widely used ) are also called black caraway , onion seed , or charnushka . the amount called for in the recipe seems small , but actually results in a fairly strong taste . if you 've never tasted nigella seeds you may want to try a loaf with just 1 1/2 teaspoons before upping the amount to the full tablespoon . they 're available in ethnic markets .


triple cheese bread

three cheeses make this loaf a tender and flavorful treat for sandwiches . divided into smaller pieces , it makes excellent dinner rolls .

170 g warm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g soft butter
57 g shredded cheddar cheese
113 g cottage cheese
18 g vermont cheese powder or grated parmesan cheese

mix and knead all of the ingredients — by hand , in your mixer , or in your bread machine on the dough cycle — to make a soft dough . place the dough in a greased bowl or other rising container , cover it , and let it rise until doubled , about 45 minutes . deflate the dough , form it into a 9 '' log , and place it in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover loosely with greased plastic and let rise until the bread domes an inch above the rim of the pan , about 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , let it cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then transfer the loaf to a rack to cool completely before slicing . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

want to make dinner rolls instead ? divide the risen dough into 12 equal
pieces and shape into balls . place the balls on a lightly
greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover
loosely with greased plastic and let rise until almost
doubled , about 30 minutes . bake for 20 to 25 minutes .


sourdough buns

though they look like english muffins , these big , buxom buns are n't `` holey '' enough for that label . they have a relatively smooth , fine-grained , moist interior , which we love . and their hint of tanginess makes them an ideal breakfast sidekick to bacon and eggs , as well as entirely appropriate for lunchtime sandwiches.you 'll need eight 3 3/4 '' to 4 '' metal rings , such as our english muffin rings , to bake these buns .

170 g water
227 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
28 g unsalted butter
1 large egg
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
71 g baker 's special dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
cornmeal ( for dusting )

mix all of the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , bread machine , or food processor — just until the dough comes together ; it will remain slightly tacky . turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface , cover with a piece of greased plastic wrap and let it rest for 30 to 40 minutes . the dough won ’ t rise all that much ; the goal is to just let it relax . divide the dough into 8 pieces , roll each piece into a ball , then cover and set aside to rest for 10 to 15 minutes . meanwhile , dust a half sheet pan with cornmeal , lightly grease eight english muffin rings , and place them on the baking sheet . flatten the balls of dough into 3 3/4 '' circles . fill each ring with a piece of dough , and sprinkle the tops with cornmeal . grease the back of a half sheet pan , and place it on top of the rings and dough , with the greased side facing the dough . let the buns rise for 40 to 60 minutes , until they ’ re bumping up against the top pan . preheat the oven to 375° . with the pan on top , bake the buns for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're lightly browned on top and bottom . remove the buns from the oven , let them cool for 10 minutes , then turn them out of the rings onto a rack to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days on the counter . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

see our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch . or , if you 're looking for a head-start , check out our classic fresh sourdough starter , a simpler path to fresh , ready-to-use sourdough starter .


millie 's whole wheat challah

this recipe for high-rising challah comes from lora brody , author and long-time king arthur friend . the loaf was inspired by lora 's mother , millie , who long ago discovered the virtue of using whole-wheat pastry flour to make this light-textured golden braid , traditionally served on the jewish sabbath and other holidays . whole wheat gives the challah deeper color and more complex flavor ; and using whole wheat pastry flour , ground from softer wheat than traditional whole wheat flour , allows it to retain its feather-light texture .

113 g lukewarm water
74 g vegetable oil
85 g honey
2 large eggs
191 g whole wheat pastry flour
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's puffy and nearly doubled in bulk . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide it into three equal pieces , shape each piece into a rough log , cover the pieces , and let them rest for 10 minutes . roll each piece of dough into an 18 '' rope . place the three pieces of dough side by side on the prepared pan , and braid them , squeezing the ends together , then tucking them neatly underneath . cover the braid gently with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow it to rise for about 1 hour , until it 's puffy , but not doubled in bulk . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 20 minutes , tent it with foil and bake for an additional 10 minutes , until it 's a deep , golden brown , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . remove it from the oven , and after a minute or so carefully transfer it to a rack . cool the bread to lukewarm before cutting it . store the bread , well-wrapped , on the counter for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

variation : for sesame seed challah , reserve about 2 teaspoons egg white from the eggs in the dough . combine it with 2 teaspoons water , and whisk until smooth . gently brush this mixture on the risen challah just before baking , and sprinkle with sesame seeds .


easy whole grain pumpkin-banana bread

you like banana bread , right ? how about pumpkin bread ? this dense , moist , 100 % whole wheat bread combines those two flavors in one tasty loaf .

113 g soft butter
142 g brown sugar
64 g honey
2 large eggs
227 g puréed pumpkin
227 g mashed banana , the riper the better
28 g orange juice or water
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour , premium whole wheat flour , or organic whole wheat flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
57 g diced pecans , toasted
1 tablespoon coarse white sparkling sugar , to sprinkle on top
*using a scant cup ( 7 1/2 ounces ) pumpkin is fine ; that way , you can get two recipes out of a single 15-ounce can of purée .

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , beat together the butter , sugar , honey , eggs , pumpkin , banana , orange juice or water . and vanilla . add the flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , and cinnamon , stirring to combine . mix in the nuts , if you 're using them . spoon the batter into the prepared pan . sprinkle the top of the loaf with coarse white sparkling sugar , if desired . allow the batter to rest for 15 minutes , uncovered . bake the bread for 55 to 70 minutes , or until a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean ; and that same tester inserted about 1/2 '' into the top of the loaf does n't encounter any totally unbaked batter . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . when it 's completely cool , wrap it well in plastic wrap , and store it overnight before serving .




cheese blintzes

this dish may be made well ahead of time , either in total or in part . the crepes may be cooked , cooled completely , then stacked , wrapped well , and either refrigerated or frozen . stuff them one day ahead , then hold in the refrigerator overnight ; or stuff and freeze for up to a month . we offer two types of filling : a creamy ricotta filling , slightly runny when baked , that most of our tasters compared in taste to cheesecake ; and a firmer , less sweet , more traditional filling .

crêpes

227 g water
170 g milk
3 large eggs
71 g butter , melted
1/2 teaspoon salt
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

ricotta filling

85 g cream cheese
1 large egg , lightly beaten
2 teaspoons lemon zest or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
35 g sugar
425 g ricotta cheese

traditional filling

454 g cottage cheese or farmer 's cheese
425 g ricotta cheese
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon lemon zest or 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil
25 g sugar
*see `` tips , '' below .

fruit compote

99 g sugar
7 g clearjel powder or 11 g cornstarch
1 cup fresh or frozen raspberries or blueberries
57 g water or fruit juice
1 teaspoon lemon zest or 1/8 teaspoon lemon oil
1 teaspoon lemon juice
a pinch of salt
142 g to 170 g cut-up fresh fruit and/or berries

to make the crêpes : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , whisk all of the crêpe ingredients together to make a smooth batter . place the batter in the refrigerator for 1 hour or longer , in order to relax the gluten . heat an 8 '' ( or slightly larger ) crêpe or omelet pan until a drop of water skips across the pan . lightly grease the pan , and pour a scant 1/4 cupful of batter into the middle . tilt the pan and swirl the batter to completely coat the bottom with batter . cook until the crêpe is opaque and set . transfer the crêpes , `` uncooked '' side down , to a sheet pan or rack to cool . when you stack them , stack them `` uncooked '' side down , so that this side will be on the outside when you roll them . to make the ricotta filling : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , beat the cream cheese until soft . add the beaten egg a bit at a time , beating until smooth after each addition , and scraping the sides of the bowl often add the lemon zest or oil , vanilla extract , salt , and sugar , and mix until well-combined . fold in the ricotta cheese . to make the traditional filling : place the cottage cheese and ricotta cheese in a colander lined with cheesecloth , or in a yogurt cheese maker . let drain for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , pressing down occasionally . with some brands of cheese you 'll only remove 1 or 2 tablespoons of liquid , while others may give up 1/4 cup or more . for a smoother , creamier filling , blend all of the ingredients in a food processor . for a more traditional , grainier filling , simply mash the cottage cheese with a fork , and stir in the remaining ingredients . to assemble the blintzes : use approximately 3 rounded tablespoons filling for each 8 '' crêpe . place the filling about 2 '' from the top of the crêpe , fold the sides in , fold the top down , then loosely roll the crêpe into a log . heat a medium-sized frying pan , and melt in it about 2 tablespoons of butter till it 's sizzling . saute the blintzes until they 're lightly browned and heated through . alternatively , nestle the blintzes in a buttered 13 '' x 9 '' pan , and bake them in a preheated 350°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes , or until they 're thoroughly heated . serve hot with fruit compote , if desired . to make the fruit compote : in a medium-sized saucepan , whisk together the sugar and instant clearjel . if you 're using cornstarch , dissolve it in the 1/4 cup cold water first . add the frozen berries , water or juice , lemon zest or oil , lemon juice , and salt . bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat , stirring constantly ; this will only take a few minutes . remove the compote from the heat and cool it to lukewarm . stir in the fresh fruit or berries just before serving .

tips from our bakers

if you use farmer 's cheese , you can skip the draining step .


onion parmesan cracker bread

this recipe , created by rosemary leicht of bethel , ohio , was named grand champion at the 2013 national festival of breads . while rosemary calls for the dough to be made in a food processor , it 's fine to make it by hand or in a stand mixer , instead ; see `` tips , '' below .

74 g warm water ( 100° - 110°f )
1 ( ¼-ounce ) package fleischmann's® active dry yeast
1 teaspoon honey
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , plus extra for rolling dough
57 g medium rye flour
14 g olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
74 g water , at room temperature ( 80°f )
11 g to 22 g minced dried onion
1 large egg white , beaten
14 g freshly grated parmesan cheese , divided

place the kneading blade in an 8-cup food processor bowl . add 1/3 cup warm water , yeast and honey ; pulse a few times . let stand 10 minutes . add the flours , olive oil , salt , 1/3 cup water , and onion . pulse 3 to 4 times to mix ; process 1 minute . the dough should form a ball around the blade . if additional water or flour is needed , add by the tablespoon . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turning to grease the surface . cover and let rise in a warm place for 45 minutes . arrange the oven racks so one 's at the top , and one 's at the bottom . preheat the oven to 400°f . divide the dough into four equal balls . working with one ball at a time , roll the dough into a 12 '' to 13 '' circle . place each circle on a large piece of parchment paper . roll the remaining dough into 12 '' to 13 '' circles , placing each on a sheet of parchment paper . dust any remaining flour off the circles with a pastry brush ; if you do n't , the surface will become gummy when you brush on the egg white , reducing the crispness . allow the circles to rest for 5 minutes . brush some of the beaten egg white on each circle ; sprinkle each with ¼ of the cheese . slide one dough circle with its parchment onto a large baking sheet ; repeat with a second dough circle on another baking sheet . place one baking sheet on the oven 's top rack , the other baking sheet on the bottom rack . bake the breads for 4 to 5 minutes , then reverse the baking sheets top to bottom and bake for another 4 to 5 minutes . the dough should puff up in places , and turn golden . remove the baking sheets from the oven , and slide the breads off the parchment onto a rack to cool . repeat with the remaining two pieces of dough . note : these last two breads may bake more quickly , as the sheets are hot ; so watch carefully . break the cracker breads into pieces to serve ; or place in an airtight container to store . yield : 4 large cracker breads , 8 servings each .

tips from our bakers

kansas wheat commission test kitchen note : to prepare dough without a food processor , dissolve the yeast in the warm water in a large mixing bowl ; let the mixture stand for 10 minutes . stir in the remaining ingredients , except the egg white and parmesan cheese . knead the dough by hand , or in a stand mixer , for 4 to 5 minutes . continue with step 3 .


sparkling harvest crisps

great for breakfast , a late-afternoon snack , or to give as gifts .

1 loaf fairly dense fruit and nut yeast bread , about a 1 1/2-pound loaf*
85 to 113 g soft butter
43 to 64 g coarse white sparkling sugar
*try our no-knead harvest bread recipe

preheat the oven to 325°f . get out a baking sheet , but do n't grease it . cut the bread in slices about 1/3 '' thick . spread each slice with a scant teaspoon of butter , and sprinkle with a light coating of sugar . place the slices on the baking sheet ; they can be close together . bake for 40 to 50 minutes , till fairly crisp . remove from the oven , and cool on a rack . crisps may still seem a bit soft when you take them out of the oven , but they should finish crisping as they cool . yield : about 18 to 24 crisps .




cinnamon-swirl raisin nut bread

who can resist cinnamon-swirl bread ? not us . not when it 's eaten bare-naked plain , not when it 's made into a peanut butter and banana sandwich , and especially not when it 's toasted and spread with butter . just the aroma as it nears the end of its toasting time draws people into the kitchen . `` what are you making ? it smells so good ! '' the test kitchen made this bread two ways . the first , in a 13 '' x 4 '' pain de mie ( pullman ) pan , produces a fine-grained bread with thick , tight swirls of cinnamon filling . this is what bread would look like if it were alive and in the military : all straight edges and precise corners . the second way uses two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans , producing two airier , more laid-back loaves , loaves that rise and crown to their own preferred heights , and filling that follows ( or does n't ) the dough around it . these loaves are much more prone to suffer from the `` filling separating from bread '' syndrome , but do n't be sad ; they taste just as good , and toast up fine .

dough

510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g potato flour
53 g sugar
46 g baker 's special dry milk or 28 g nonfat dried milk
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g vegetable oil
378 g water
127 g raisins or currants
57 g pecans or walnuts , toasted

filling

11 g cinnamon
163 g sugar
7 g instant clearjel ( optional , but it helps keep the filling from oozing when you toast the bread )
57 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
28 g water

to make the dough in a bread machine : place all of the dough ingredients except the raisins or currants and nuts into the pan of your machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . take a look at the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , and adjust its consistency with additional water or flour , as necessary , to produce a smooth , supple dough . add the raisins or currants and nuts about 5 minutes before the end of the final knead . allow the machine to complete its cycle . to make the dough manually or in a stand mixer : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine all of the dough ingredients except the raisins or currants and nuts , stirring until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . knead the dough — by hand or machine — until the dough is smooth and supple . work in the nuts and raisins towards the end of the kneading time . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . to make the filling : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , whisk together the dry ingredients , then stir in the eggs and water to make a thick paste . if you 've omitted the clearjel the mixture will be runny and a bit harder to work with , but the finished product will be fine . to make a pain de mie loaf : roll the dough into a 24 '' x 12 '' rectangle ; it 'll be about 1/4 '' thick . spread the filling over most of the rectangle , leaving a strip about 1 '' wide along one short edge of the dough . beginning with the short edge with the filling , roll the dough into a log about 12 '' long . use the heel of your hand to seal the dough along the edge . place the log in a lightly greased 13 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' pain de mie pan . put the lightly greased lid on the pan , leaving a small crack so that you can check the dough as it rises . let the dough rise until the pan is about three-quarters full , which will take about 1 1/2 hours or longer . to make two smaller loaves : divide the dough in half , and roll each half into an 8 '' x 14 '' rectangle . fill , seal , and place in the pans as directed on the previous page . cover the pans , and allow the dough to rise until the pans are about three-quarters full , which will take about 1 1/2 hours or longer . preheat your oven to 375°f . bake the pain de mie for 40 minutes , then remove the cover to check that the bread is baked through . if the bread seems very soft , return it to the oven ( sans cover ) and bake for an additional 5 to 8 minutes . bake the smaller loaves for approximately 35 minutes . due to the sugar in the dough , the loaves will brown quickly ; tent them with aluminum foil after 15 minutes if necessary . remove the bread from the pan ( s ) and allow it to cool completely before slicing .

tips from our bakers

in america , the pain de mie pan was adopted by george pullman for use in the tiny railcar kitchens , stacking neatly and taking up less space than the traditional wider bread pans .


hearty barley muffins

chock-full of both barley flakes and barley flour , these muffins are a hearty , filling breakfast whether you ’ re on the go or leisurely reading the newspaper . the jammy bits offer sweet-tart bursts of fruit that complement the subtle notes of whole grain .

113 g boiling water
50 g barley flakes
67 g vegetable oil
1 large egg
106 g brown sugar
227 g buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
85 g barley flour
85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
170 g jammy bits ( a combination or all one flavor ) , or raisins or other dried fruit ( chopped into 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' pieces if they 're large )
113 g chopped nuts , optional

in a medium bowl or measuring cup , combine the boiling water and barley flakes . set aside to cool to room temperature . preheat the oven to 375°f . line a 12-cup muffin pan with papers , or just lightly grease the muffin cups for a crustier muffin bottom . when cooled combine the soaked barley flakes with the vegetable oil , egg , brown sugar , buttermilk , and vanilla extract . set aside . weigh out your flours ; you ’ ll find their weights by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure them by gently spooning them into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . in a large mixing bowl , whisk together the flours , baking soda , baking powder , salt , and cinnamon . pour the wet ingredients into the dry , and stir just until evenly moistened . cover the batter loosely and allow it to rest for 10 minutes . fold the jammy bits , raisins , or dried fruit and the nuts into the batter . scoop the batter by heaping 1/4-cupfuls into the prepared muffins cups ; a scone and muffin scoop works well here . bake the muffins for 22 to 25 minutes , until a cake tester inserted into the center of one comes out clean . remove the pan from the oven , allow the muffins to cool for 5 minutes , then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely . store leftover muffins in an airtight plastic container or bag at room temperature for several days ; or freeze for up to 1 month .




gluten-free whole grain bread

a tasty , moist , and light grained loaf that can help those with gluten sensitivities get their recommended whole grains . note : you must use an electric stand mixer or electric hand mixer to prepare the batter ; mixing by hand does n't do a thorough enough job .

362 g king arthur gluten-free whole grain flour blend
28 g milled flax
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 1/4 teaspoons xanthan gum
227 g warm milk
25 g vegetable oil or 28 g melted butter
3 large eggs

place the flour , milled flax , sugar , yeast , baking powder , salt , and xanthan gum in a bowl . whisk together well . place the milk , oil or melted butter , and eggs in the bowl of a mixer , and beat well . blend in the dry ingredients a cup at a time , beating for a minute and scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl after each addition . after all the dry ingredients have been added , beat for 2 to 3 minutes at medium speed to make a very smooth , thick batter . cover the bowl , and let the batter rise for 1 hour . scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl , deflating the batter in the process . beat the batter for about 1 minute . grease an 8 1/2 '' by 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , or 9 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' loaf pan , or small pain de mie pan ( without the lid ; you wo n't need it ) . scoop the dough into the pan , doming it in the middle ; using a spatula or your wet fingers helps . cover the pan with greased plastic wrap . set it in a warm place to rise until the loaf barely crowns above the rim of the pan 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pan ; or rises to fill about 3/4 of the 9 '' x 4 '' or small pain de mie pan . this should take about 60 to 75 minutes . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , until golden brown . tent the loaf with foil the final 10 to 15 minutes of baking , to prevent over-browning . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the fully baked loaf will register about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool on a rack .

tips from our bakers

note : for a dairy-free version of this bread , substitute soy milk , almond milk , or rice milk for the milk called for in the recipe . results may vary from the original .


spelt pita

these whole grain pocket breads are soft , wholesome , and delicious . we ’ ve used them for all our favorite pita-worthy snacks and dishes , from crunchy , dippable chips , to salads , to loaded sandwiches . this recipe is featured at our king arthur flour baking school in skagit valley , washington , where baking with whole grains is a continuing focus .

198 g spelt flour
227 g lukewarm water
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil

weigh out both the flours ; you ’ ll find their weights by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure them by gently spooning them into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . combine the spelt flour , water , and yeast and allow the mixture to rest for at least 10 minutes ( or up to 2 hours ) . add the remaining ingredients and mix and knead gently by hand , on a lightly floured work surface , until the dough is smooth and supple . it will be quite sticky at first but should smooth out , so resist the urge to add more flour . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow it to rise at room temperature for about 60 minutes . it will have spread somewhat , but will seem very relaxed as well ; it ’ s not a high-riser . meanwhile , preheat the oven to 500°f with a baking stone on the bottom shelf , if you have one . if you don ’ t have a baking stone , simply position one rack at the bottom of the oven and have a baking sheet at the ready . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and divide it into eight pieces . shape each piece into a ball and allow them to rest for 15 minutes , covered . working with two pieces of dough at a time , lightly dust the top of each ball with flour , then roll them into circles about 6 ” in diameter . using a cornmeal-dusted baking peel or the back of a cornmeal-dusted baking sheet , transfer the two pitas to the hot stone . if baking on a half sheet pan , sprinkle the pan with cornmeal and place the pitas on the pan . bake the pitas ( on the stone , or on the pan on the bottom rack ) for 3 to 5 minutes , until they 've puffed and started to turn golden in spots . remove the pitas from the oven , wrap them together in a clean dishtowel ( this keeps them soft ) , and repeat with the remaining dough balls . store cooled pitas in an airtight container or plastic bag for several days at room temperature ; or freeze , well wrapped , for up to 3 months .




applesauce oatmeal bread

a light sprinkling of oats on top of the batter before baking tells people about the goodness within . this bread is moist and flavorful , and makes a great breakfast with a smear of cream cheese on top .

198 g sugar
2 large eggs
99 g vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla or boiled cider
57 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
50 g rolled oats
170 g applesauce
57 g chopped walnuts

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , mix together the sugar , eggs , oil and vanilla . in a separate bowl , mix together the flours , baking powder and soda , and spices , and add them to the wet ingredients in the bowl . mix in the rolled oats , applesauce , and walnuts . pour the mixture into the prepared pan . bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes , until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the bread from the oven , and cool completely . store cooled bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .




harvest buns

whole grains , seeds and currants make these delightful `` knots '' both nutty and slightly sweet .

298 g warm water
28 g brown sugar
39 g vegetable oil
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g easy-roll dough improver
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
99 g harvest grains blend
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
71 g currants
2 tablespoons butter , melted , for brushing on the buns

combine all of the dough ingredients except the currants and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . knead in the currants at the end . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's doubled in bulk . divide the dough into 16 pieces . roll each piece into an 8 '' rope . tie a knot in each rope , tucking the loose ends underneath . put the buns on a lightly greased baking sheet and let them rise , covered , for 1 hour , or until they 're puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f after about 45 minutes . bake the buns in the preheated oven for 12 to 15 minutes , or until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and brush them with butter , if desired . this will give them a soft crust . store the leftover buns , wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days , or in the freezer for up to a month .




cinnamon raisin sourdough bread

we think the slight sourdough tang in this rich , slightly sweet bread offers a nice contrast . it 's tender enough to make yummy buttered toast for breakfast , yet will stand up to being grilled into a panini with , say , crunchy peanut butter and soft , cinnamon-y apples . looking for our recipe for 12-grain raisin sourdough bread ? we 've lost our source for 12-grain flavor , so have stashed the recipe away for the time being . in the meantime , we suggest you might enjoy this recipe instead .

dough

113 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 large egg
71 g soft butter
152 g lukewarm water

filling

50 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water
74 g raisins

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — using your hands , a stand mixer , or a bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased container , and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . while the dough is rising , make the filling by stirring together the sugar , cinnamon , and flour . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . roll and pat the dough into a rough rectangle approximately 6 '' x 20 '' . brush the dough with the egg/water mixture , and sprinkle it evenly with the filling and raisins . starting with a short end , roll the dough into a log . pinch the ends to seal , and pinch the long seam closed . transfer the log , seam-side down , to a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover and allow the bread to rise until it 's crested about 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 1 hour . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after the first 15 to 20 minutes . the bread 's crust will be golden brown , and the interior of the finished loaf should measure 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and gently loosen the edges . turn it out of the pan , and brush the top surface with butter , if desired ; this will give it a soft , satiny crust . allow the bread to cool completely before slicing . yield : 1 loaf .




cinnamon coffeecake

this dark , moist coffeecake can be made with either whole wheat flour or spelt , an ancient variety of wheat . spelt behaves like whole wheat flour , but has wonderfully mild , nutty flavor ; try substituting it for whole wheat in your favorite recipes .

cake

85 g softened butter
213 g brown sugar
2 large eggs , beaten
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg , optional
149 g spelt flour or 170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
113 g milk

streusel topping

50 g spelt flour or 57 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
50 g brown sugar , light or dark
25 g old-fashioned rolled oats or quick oats ( not instant )
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon , optional
57 g butter , at firm room temperature

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 '' square or 9 '' round cake pan . beat the butter and sugar together until smooth and lump-free . beat in the eggs one by one , until the mixture is thoroughly combined . whisk the baking powder , salt , and spices into the spelt flour . stir half the flour mixture into the butter/sugar/eggs to combine . stir in the milk , then add the remaining flour mixture , stirring to combine . to make the topping : gently beat all of the topping ingredients together until crumbly . pour the batter into the pan . sprinkle the topping over the cake . use a table knife or spatula to briefly and gently swirl it into the batter ; you do n't want to combine the two completely , just make a streusel swirl . bake the coffeecake for 35 minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the cake from the oven , and allow it to cool before cutting . store leftover coffeecake , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

spelt ( triticum spelta ) is a grass , one of the ancestors of modern wheat ( triticum aestivum ) . it originated in southeast asia and is probably the `` wheat '' that was used around the mediterranean 9,000 years ago . it came to europe with traders from the middle east and remained a favorite grain there until the 19th century and the development of modern strains of wheat.note : as a result of reader feedback , as of 4/24/17 we 've amended the recipe as follows : reduced the cinnamon from 1 tablespoon to 1 teaspoon ; increased the butter by 2 teaspoons ; added nutmeg , for enhanced flavor ; and added streusel topping .


ginger-honey brioche

master baker jeffrey hamelman shares this loaf , made with his ginger-infused local honey , which gives this classic bread a lovely lift . tender and golden , it 's wonderful toasted and slathered with cultured butter .

ginger honey

170 g good-quality honey
1 '' piece fresh ginger , peeled and thinly sliced

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , divided
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
57 g cool water
4 large eggs
1 tablespoon ginger honey ( from above )
minced ginger slices from the honey
3/4 teaspoon salt
227 g unsalted butter , softened

to make the ginger honey : place the honey and ginger slices in a small saucepan , and bring to a low simmer for 5 minutes . remove from the heat and cool , leaving the ginger slices in the honey . when the mixture is cool , remove the slices and mince them ; they 'll become part of the dough . to make the dough : place 1 1/2 cups ( 6 1/4 ounces ) of the flour , the yeast , water , and eggs into the bowl of a stand mixer or the bucket of your bread machine . beat at medium speed ( or knead in the bread machine ) until smooth . cover the mixture and let sit for 45 minutes . after 45 minutes , the sponge will have developed some bubbles but not risen much ; the yeast is getting a jump start . add the remaining 1 1/4 cups of flour , the honey , minced ginger , and salt . beat for 8 to 10 minutes ( switch to the dough hook ) or knead in the bread machine , until the dough cleans the sides of the bowl and becomes shiny and elastic . with the mixer or bread machine running , add the soft butter 2 tablespoons at a time , letting the butter disappear into the dough before adding the next chunk . repeat until all of the butter is added . cover the dough and let it rise for 1 hour . it 'll be very soft at this point , and should have risen by about a third . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and gently fold it over several times ( use a bench knife to scrape up any bits that stick to the table ) . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and as long as 16 hours . the dough will firm up considerably . to shape : divide the dough into six pieces . if making one large loaf , arrange them in a circle in a greased brioche mold , with the sixth one in the center . for individual breads , work with one piece at a time ( keep the rest covered ) . divide each into three strands , and braid them . form the braid into a circle , then place into greased 6 '' cake pans , or onto a parchment-lined baking sheet . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough , and cover them all with greased plastic . let the shaped bread ( s ) rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until puffy-looking . after 45 minutes of rise time , preheat the oven to 375°f . to bake : remove the plastic and bake the individual brioches for 25 minutes , or the large bread for 50 to 60 minutes , tenting with foil after the first 35 . bake until deep golden brown on the top and bottom . remove from the oven and brush while still warm with the remaining ginger honey .

tips from our bakers

any leftover ginger honey is excellent in tea , or can be mixed into soft butter for a flavorful toast spread .


cornish pasties

while pastry has served as a container for food for centuries , a cornish pasty is unique to cornwall . it 's a tangible reminder of its mining past , although people now eat them whenever a quick and portable meal is needed . it was designed to accompany a miner to the mine in his pocket and it contained enough meat and turnips for at least a couple of meals . the miner 's initials were usually carved into one end , to vent steam as it baked and so there would be no question to whom the pasty belonged . editor 's note : this recipe has been retested and adjusted to better match the filling and pastry amounts ; the new yield ( of slightly smaller pasties ) is now 6 .

the pasty pastry

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
113 g lard , ( traditional ) , unsalted butter , or vegetable shortening
1 large egg , beaten
43 g water
2 teaspoons vinegar

a traditional miner 's filling

340 g cubed or diced lean beef ( uncooked )
113 g diced rutabagas , parsnips , or turnips
64 g diced onion
227 g peeled , diced baking potatoes
1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme , or 1 teaspoon dried
salt and pepper to taste

egg wash

1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water

for the pastry : in a large bowl , whisk together the flour and salt . cut the fat into small pieces and distribute evenly over the flour . cut the fat into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . in a small bowl , beat the egg with the water and vinegar . drizzle this over the flour mixture while tossing everything together with a fork . gather the dough together ( a dough scraper is ideal for this ) , folding it over on itself until it becomes cohesive . divide into six pieces , shape them into discs , wrap and chill while you prepare the filling for the filling : stir all of the ingredients together in a large bowl ( uncooked ; they 'll cook in the oven ) . to assemble and bake : preheat the oven to 400°f . line a large baking sheet with parchment . remove the wrapped pastry from the refrigerator and roll each piece into an 8 '' circle . place 1/2 cup of the filling in the center of each circle . brush the edge of the circle with water , and bring two opposite sides up and over the filling to pinch together over the filling . flute the seam as you would a piecrust , so it looks like the back of a dinosaur . turn up the ends a bit to look a little like devil 's horns . cut a design ( or initials ) into one of the sides of the pasties to vent the steam . place , fluted edges up , on the prepared baking sheet . brush with egg wash. bake at 400°f for the first 15 minutes , then reduce the temperature to 350°f and bake for a further 25 to 30 minutes . remove from the oven and serve warm , or chill to reheat later . store , covered , in the refrigerator for up to 5 days , or freeze in an airtight container for up to 2 months .

tips from our bakers

pasties today are a bit smaller and the fillings are not quite the hearty fare they were in the past . this recipe also works with the fillings in savory pies for supper.as a result of the kneading , you will develop the gluten somewhat , usually a `` no-no '' in making pastry . in this case , because these are hand-held pastries , you want a dough that will hold together.for two-bite pasties , roll dough out into ten 3 1/2 '' circles . note that the smaller pasties will cook more quickly .


vermont oatmeal and maple bread for the mini zo bread machine

this loaf is a tasty salute to vermont 's favorite sweetener , maple syrup .

113 g walnut pieces , toasted if desired
1 3/4 teaspoons instant yeast
198 g warm water
50 g maple syrup
21 g melted butter
1 teaspoon salt
64 g old-fashioned rolled oats
198 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

place the ingredients , in order , in your bread machine . set the machine for the white bread cycle . press start . when the bread is done , remove it from the pan , and turn it onto a rack to cool . yield : 1 loaf .




potato focaccia

this substantial savory flatbread , with its soft , porous texture , teams well with soup or stew .

sponge

120 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
60 g potato flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
283 g water

dough

241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g olive oil
78 g `` french-fried '' onions
olive oil , for greasing the pan

topping

2 cloves crushed garlic
21 g olive oil
2 teaspoons salt
680 g large potatoes
olive oil , for greasing the pan

to make the sponge : by hand , mixer , or bread machine , mix together the bread flour , the potato flour , yeast and water and let rest , covered , for 1 hour . to make the dough : add the flour , 1 1/2 teaspoons salt , and 2 tablespoons olive oil , kneading the dough until it 's shiny and elastic . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until doubled in bulk . lightly oil a 12 '' round pan . working with lightly greased hands ( the dough is somewhat sticky ) , turn the dough out onto the pan . pat and push the dough to the edges of the pan , sprinkle with the onions , cover , and let rise while you 're preparing the topping . to make the topping : while the focaccia is rising , mix the garlic , oil , and the remaining 2 teaspoons of salt together in a large bowl . slice the potatoes as thinly as possible ( a mandoline is a great help ) , and toss the potato slices in the oil mixture . using a small amount of olive oil in a 12 '' round frying pan , layer the potatoes and press down . let them cook for 10 minutes without turning ; they 'll become crisp , and will stick together in a `` cake . '' while you 're cooking the potatoes , preheat the oven to 375°f . let the potatoes cool for a few minutes , then flip the potato `` cake '' onto the top of the dough . bake the focaccia for 25 to 30 minutes , or until the crust is a deep , golden brown . store , covered , for 2 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




ancient grains bread

the addition of orange juice to the dough enhances the earthy flavor of our new ancient grains blend . read our blog about this bread , with additional photos , at flourish .

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
170 to 227 g lukewarm water*
113 g orange juice
25 g vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
43 g honey
32 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g king arthur whole wheat flour , traditional or white whole wheat
128 g ancient grains blend
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
*use the lesser amount of water in summer ( or in humid conditions ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in dry conditions ) , and something in between the rest of the time .

combine all of the ingredients , mixing and kneading to form a smooth , slightly sticky dough . cover and let rise in a warm spot for about an hour , until doubled in size . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , shape it into a 8 '' x 4 '' log , and put it into a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/4 '' bread pan , gently flattening it to fill the pan . cover the pan and allow the loaf to rise until it 's crested about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 375°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting with foil after about 20 minutes to prevent over-browning . remove from the oven when it 's golden brown , and its interior temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . after 5 minutes , turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool .




honey wheat black bread

this loaf , often known as canadian brown bread , is dark and quite sweet , but pleasingly so ; we love it with just a plain pat of butter .

227 g to 255 g lukewarm water
43 g unsalted butter , softened
113 g honey
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour*
191 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
4 g cocoa
14 g sugar
2 teaspoons espresso powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon powdered caramel color , optional ; for darker color
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
*if you do n't use king arthur unbleached bread flour , reduce the amount of water to 3/4 cup , adding additional water if necessary to make a soft , smooth dough .

note : as of 1/11/17 , the amounts of water , honey , and butter in this recipe have been adjusted slightly to produce a more workable dough . to make the dough : measure out the flour by stirring it in the canister , then spooning it lightly into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . starting with the smaller amount of water , mix and knead all of the ingredients — by hand , or using an electric mixer or the dough cycle of your bread machine — to form a smooth , soft dough . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , turning to coat all sides . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until doubled in bulk , at least 1 hour . divide the dough into 8 pieces . shape each piece into a small log-shaped loaf . this dough is soft , so use flour or a non-stick spray on your hands . sprinkle a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet with cornmeal , place the loaves on the sheet , and cover . let the loaves rise for 1 hour , or until they look puffy but are n't doubled in size . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 20 to 25 minutes . the loaves will appear slightly darker on the top when they 're done . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . store , wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

this bread stays moist and delicious for at least four days . if you want a less sweet bread , cut the honey to 1/4 cup and leave out the 1 tablespoon sugar . the bread wo n't stay moist as long , but has very good flavor . we also tried this bread with molasses in place of the honey , and it was very good . want to bake a loaf instead of rolls ? shape the risen/deflated dough into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . let the loaf rise until it 's crowned about 1/2 '' above the rim of the pan ; then bake it in a preheated 350°f oven for about 40 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes of baking to prevent over-browning . the interior temperature of the finished loaf should be at least 190°f . take the bread out of the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool .


fruited sourdough sandwich bread

this soft sourdough loaf is studded with sweet raisins and tangy apple pieces . we like it served simply toasted with melting butter ; or as a grilled cheese sandwich with apples and arugula .

160 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
152 g lukewarm water*
14 g olive oil or vegetable oil
14 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g potato flour or 1/2 cup instant potato flakes
35 g rolled oats , traditional or quick
2 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g chopped granny smith apple ( about 1 small apple ) , peeled or not
149 g golden raisins
*in summer , or during hot/humid weather , reduce the water by 1 tablespoon .

combine all of the ingredients in a bowl , the bowl of an electric mixer , or the pan of your bread machine , and mix and knead to form a smooth yet sticky dough . if you 're kneading by hand , you 'll want to keep your hands well greased . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for about 90 minutes . the dough will become puffy , though it may not double in bulk . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . gently deflate the risen dough , and shape it into a log . place it in the pan , cover it lightly , and allow it to rise until it crests at least 1 '' over the rim of the pan , 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it with foil after 15 to 20 minutes ; it will continue to brown slowly . when it 's done , the bread will be golden brown , and will register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center . remove the bread from the oven , and after a couple of minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : 1 loaf , about 12 to 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

this bread is a wonderful choice for grilled cheese . try our recipe for grilled cheese with apple and arugula . this bread can be baked in our bread baking bowl . shape the loaf into a round ( boule ) , cover , and allow to rise until it has domed about 2 ” over the rim of the bread baking bowl , 60 to 90 minutes . bake the bread according to recipe instructions .


lefse

beloved by norwegians everywhere , this traditional potato flatbread is similar to a burrito or thick crêpe . served at room temperature , spread with butter and rolled up , it often accompanies a meal . a sprinkle of sugar or cinnamon-sugar makes it a light , sweet snack .

269 g peeled , cooked , and riced boiling potato*
4 teaspoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g softened butter
28 g milk or cream
scant 3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
43 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*see `` tips , '' below .

combine the potatoes , 4 teaspoons flour , butter , cream or milk , salt , and sugar , mixing gently just until well combined . refrigerate the mixture for several hours , or overnight . gently stir in the 1/3 cup flour . pull off about 1/12 of the dough , which will be a generous 1-ounce piece . starting with this one ball of dough , roll it on a well-floured surface to about 6 '' in diameter ; it will be quite thin . keep in mind lefse is a soft , fairly delicate bread , thanks to its high percentage of potato . and it 's difficult to specify exactly how much flour to add , given the variance in what type of potatoes you use , how you prepare them , and how you measure . if you find your first ball of dough impossible to roll , add just enough flour to the remainder of the dough that you can roll a ball out and move the resulting round to the griddle . it helps to flour the rolling surface thoroughly , and keep it floured . cook the lefse on a griddle preheated over medium-high heat ( about 375°f ) . cook on one side until speckled with brown spots ; flip over , and cook the other side the same way . repeat with the remaining dough ; you 'll cook 12 lefse in all . serve lefse warm or at room temperature , spread with butter and rolled into a cylinder or folded into quarters ; add sugar or cinnamon-sugar for a sweet treat . store lefse flat , wrapped in plastic , for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 dozen lefse .

tips from our bakers

yukon gold , chef 's , white potatoes , or other boiling ( rather than baking ) potatoes are appropriate here . start with 10 to 11 ounces potato to yield about 1 1/2 cups cooked riced potato . ricing the potatoes , rather than mashing them , will produce the best results . but if your only option is mashed , use 1 cup .


savarin

savarin is a yeasted french dessert bread made as a batter . after baking the pastries are thoroughly soaked in a liqueur-laced syrup . it 's very sweet , perfect to serve with fresh fruits . though strawberries are traditional , peaches , nectarines , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , or any combination of fruit provide a refreshing contrast . special savarin pans are available , but a tube or bundt pan will suffice .

bread

11 g active dry yeast
57 g warm water
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 large eggs , room temperature
113 g unsalted butter , soft

syrup

227 g boiling water
149 g sugar
28 g lemon juice
57 g kirsch or other cherry-flavored liqueur

topping

85 g red currant jelly
667 g strawberries
whipped cream , crème fraîche , or fresh yogurt

to make the bread : in a large bowl , stir the yeast into warm water to soften . add the flour , sugar , salt and eggs to the yeast mixture . beat for 2 minutes . cut the butter into eight pieces . add one piece at a time to the yeast mixture . beat well after each addition . cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours . press the dough down and scrape into a well-greased 6-cup savarin mold or bundt pan . cover and let rise for 1 1/2 hours . while the savarin is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake for 35 minutes , or until it is golden and firm to the touch . remove the savarin from the mold and let cool . while it 's cooling , make the syrup . to make the syrup : combine the boiling water , sugar and lemon juice . stir until the sugar dissolves . bring the mixture to a rolling boil over high heat . reduce heat to medium and cook for 5 minutes . remove from heat . add the kirsch . pour 1/2 cup of syrup into the savarin mold . put the savarin back in the mold . spoon the syrup over the top until the savarin has absorbed all the syrup . let sit for 20 minutes . remove the savarin from the mold . heat the jelly to a liquid state . brush it on all sides of the savarin . serve with fresh strawberries and large dollops of whipped cream , crème fraîche , or yogurt .




italian pan bread

semolina gives this crusty-chewy bread its beautiful golden hue .

340 g lukewarm water
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
248 g semolina
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
7 g pizza dough flavor , optional
25 g olive oil , plus more to drizzle over dough
sea salt , kosher salt , and/or pizza seasoning , to top dough

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead them to form a smooth , slightly sticky dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's about doubled in bulk . coat the inside of a 9 '' x 13 '' baking dish heavily with olive oil . turn the dough out onto a greased work surface and fold it over several times to gently deflate it . pat the dough into the bottom of the pan , and set it aside to rise for an hour or so , covered , until it 's puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 425°f . brush the dough with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and herbs , if desired . gently but firmly dimple it , pressing your fingers almost to the bottom of the pan . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's a deep golden brown . remove from the oven , and transfer from the pan to a rack to keep the bottom crisp . cut in squares to serve . store , well-wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to serve with fondue : bake the squares in a preheated 350°f oven until warm and slightly crisp , about 10 minutes .


cinnamon-filled bread pudding

here 's an easy-to-make-ahead breakfast for a special morning , featuring the flavor of cinnamon rolls with the extra richness of custard .

74 g baker 's cinnamon filling
43 g water
8 to 10 slices bread , crusts removed ; about a 454 g loaf
340 g milk
113 g cream or half & half
5 large eggs
156 g maple syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
maple syrup and/or confectioners ' sugar , to drizzle on top

butter a 1 1/2 to 2-quart baking dish , or spray it with non-stick vegetable oil baking spray . mix the cinnamon filling with the water . spread a thin layer of the filling on one side of each slice of the bread . stack the bread in two piles . use a serrated knife to cut the stacks of bread into slices about 3/4 '' wide . line the bottom of the pan with the stacked slices , piling the remaining bread on top . whisk together the milk , cream , eggs , maple syrup , vanilla , and salt . pour the custard mixture over the bread , gently pushing the bread down so it absorbs the liquid . let sit for an hour or so at room temperature ; or overnight in the refrigerator , covered . just before baking , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the pudding for 50 to 60 minutes , until the top is puffy and browned . remove from the oven , and drizzle with maple syrup or sprinkle with confectioners ' sugar . serve warm . yield : about 8 to 10 servings .




skillet cornbread

this is southern food writer sheri castle 's take on a traditional southern cornbread : skillet-born , sugar-free , and bacon-blessed . some of her fellow natives of the mountain south will scowl about using flour in the recipe , but she adds a little to ensure the cornbread will hold together using coarse , whole-grain meal . be sure to use fresh liquid buttermilk ; it 's integral to the recipe and the flavor .

50 g bacon drippings
245 g coarse stone-ground cornmeal
57 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
340 g buttermilk , well shaken

put the bacon drippings in a 9 '' cast iron skillet and place in the oven as it preheats to 450°f . whisk together the cornmeal , flour , baking powder , baking soda , and salt in a medium bowl . in a small bowl , whisk together the egg and buttermilk . make a well in the center of the cornmeal mixture and pour in the egg mixture . stir only until blended . remove the skillet from the oven and pour in the batter . it will sizzle and pop , so be careful . bake until the cornbread is firm in the middle and golden brown on top , about 25 minutes . turn out onto a cutting board or cooling rack and serve piping hot .




cheddar cheese pull-apart bread

monkey bread , bubble bread , pull-apart loaf ... this yeast bread `` concept '' has been around for decades . while cinnamon-sugar , caramel , or other sweet versions are the norm , this savory takeoff relies on cheddar cheese powder and herbs for its delightful flavor . follow our step-by-step photos for making this bread at our blog , flourish .

dough

418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
21 g potato flour or 1/4 cup instant potato flakes
21 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
57 g soft butter
152 g lukewarm water
113 g lukewarm milk

coating

43 g vermont cheese powder
21 g cornstarch
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning
57 g melted butter

combine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl , and mix and knead — using your hands , a stand mixer , or a bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased container — an 8-cup measure works well here — and allow the dough to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide the dough into 32 pieces , by dividing in half , then in halves again , etc . do n't worry about making them exactly even ; and do n't bother to shape them into balls , unless you 're totally into perfection . for the shape in the photo , divide the dough into 16 pieces , then roll into 4 '' to 5 '' diameter rounds . lightly grease a 9 '' deep casserole dish , a 9 '' x 2 '' cake pan , or an 8 1/2 '' x 4 '' loaf pan . pour a generous layer of olive oil in the bottom of the pan , to coat . make the coating : whisk together the cheese powder , cornstarch , and pizza seasoning . put the melted butter in a small bowl . dip each ball in the butter , then the coating , then place in the pan in a single layer ; you 'll need to squeeze them in . for the shape in the photo , brush the rounds with butter , then sprinkle with coating mixture . fold the rounds in half , butter the top , and place in the prepared loaf pan , rounded edge up . cover the pan , and allow the dough to rise till quite puffy , about 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the pan . bake the bread for 15 minutes . tent with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 20 minutes , until it 's golden brown when you peek underneath the foil . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the middle of the center bun should register 190°f , or very close to it . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . serve warm . yield : one 9 '' round pull-apart loaf .

tips from our bakers

if you object to the bread having a very dark-brown bottom , dip the dough balls in butter , then coat only their tops/middles with the cheese powder , leaving the bottoms bare .


rye pretzels

these ultra-chewy , delightfully tasty soft pretzels are just the ticket served with hot-sweet mustard .

dough

454 g water , room-temperature
11 g instant yeast
358 g king arthur high-gluten flour
213 g pumpernickel flour
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
1 tablespoon deli rye flavor , optional , but key to the pretzels ' flavor

water bath

1361 g water
32 g baking soda
14 g non-diastatic malt powder , barley malt syrup , or sugar

topping

kosher salt , pretzel salt , herb salt substitute , caraway seeds , sesame seeds , or a combination

mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft ( though not very sticky ) dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it 's puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . preheat the oven to 450°f . grease two baking sheets , or line them with parchment paper . start heating the water to a boil . deflate the dough , kneading it briefly to expel any air bubbles . divide it into 16 pieces . roll each piece into an 18 '' -rope about 1/2 '' in diameter . take each rope and make a u-shaped loop with fairly short ends . cross the rope near the ends , twist the ends a second time , and fold the twist into the middle of the u . press the ends of the rope on either side of the bottom center of the loop , creating the classic pretzel shape . by the time you 've formed all the pretzels , the water should be boiling . turn it down to a simmer , and add the baking soda and malt or sugar . carefully pick up each pretzel and slide it into the water , cooking about four at a time . make sure there 's plenty of room between them . the pretzels will expand quickly and dramatically . simmer the pretzels for about 2 minutes , flip them over , and simmer for another minute . use a spatula or slotted spoon to transfer the pretzels to a rack to drain , sprinkling with topping immediately after removing from the water bath . place the topped pretzels on the prepared baking sheets . bake them for 12 to 15 minutes , until well browned . remove from the oven , and serve immediately with mustard . store the pretzels , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

reheat any leftovers very briefly in the microwave , if desired .


cheese on toast

is there any other light supper dish quite so comforting as melted cheese on toast ? welsh rabbit ( a.k.a . welsh rarebit ) has been a mainstay of easy suppers , on both sides of the atlantic , for centuries . and when the cheese is sharp cheddar , and the bread homemade — well , it just does n't get any better .

cheese

42 g butter
42 g to 57 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , divided
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard or 1 teaspoon prepared mustard , optional
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce , optional
1/2 teaspoon salt
a pinch of cayenne pepper , optional
113 g beer or ale*
283 g milk : skim , low-fat , full-fat , evaporated , half & half , or light cream
227 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese
*do n't want to use beer or ale ? see tip , below .

toast

6 thick slices toast , your choice of bread ; see tips , below , for our favorites

in a saucepan set over medium heat , melt the butter , then stir in 3 tablespoons of the flour , the dry mustard , worcestershire , salt , and cayenne until well combined . gradually stir in the beer or ale , whisking until no lumps remain and the sauce is thick . put the remaining 3 to 5 tablespoons flour in a bowl or measuring cup . whisk in the milk , stirring vigorously to avoid lumps . pour the milk mixture into the saucepan , whisking constantly until all the milk is added and the mixture is smooth . cook until very hot , but not simmering . gradually add the cheese , again stirring constantly until the cheese is melted . reduce the heat to low , and stir the sauce occasionally as you prepare the toast . slice bread 3/4 '' to 1 '' thick and toast until it 's golden brown on the outside , yet still a bit soft inside . a large capacity toaster oven or 4-slice toaster is a good choice here . butter the toast , if desired . place each piece on a plate , and pour on the cheese sauce . serve hot . yield : 6 servings .

tips from our bakers

for a deluxe comfort dish , choose your favorite plain white bread , such as our recipe for english muffin toasting bread . other good choices include oatmeal toasting and sandwich bread , and 100 % whole wheat sandwich bread.do n't like beer or ale ? a dry white wine is good , too , adding a touch of fondue flavor . if you 're after something completely non-alcoholic , substitute 1/2 cup milk.want to make a kentucky hot brown sandwich ? you 'll find the directions in our blog ; see link above .


zopf ( swiss braid )

just as each culture seems to have its everyday bread , each also seems to have its `` weekend '' bread : bread made with more expensive ingredients , bread a step up the richness ladder from the typical flour/water/yeast/salt loaf . these loaves fall somewhere in between basic breads and holiday breads : unlike holiday breads , they 're not overly sweet and are n't enriched with dried fruits or nuts ; but the addition of butter , perhaps sugar , eggs and/or milk takes them quite a bit beyond the simple hearth loaf . the swiss have long been known for their egg- and dairy-rich breads , as well as their intricately shaped loaves . zopf , usually formed into a simple three-strand braid , is a basic example of this swiss art . a staple on weekends , and traditionally offered at new year 's and at meals marking the emmenthaler cheese harvest , zopf has a very slight tang ( from the sour cream ) .

dough

170 g sour cream
57 g butter
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 large eggs ( reserve 1 yolk for glaze )

glaze

1 large egg yolk
14 g water

to make the dough : warm the sour cream to lukewarm in a microwave , or over very low heat while stirring constantly . add the butter and stir until melted . in another bowl , whisk together the flour , yeast and salt . add the dry ingredients to the sour cream mixture , then stir in 1 large egg and 1 egg white . stir until the mixture comes together to form a shaggy mass , then set it aside for 15 minutes . knead the dough — by hand , electric mixer , food processor or bread machine — until it 's smooth and elastic , adding a small amount of water or flour , if needed . place it in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and set the dough aside to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface and knead it gently a few times , to expel the excess carbon dioxide . divide it into three equal pieces , and roll each piece into an 18 '' log . braid the logs together , pinching them at both ends and tucking the pinched ends under . place the braid on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover it , and allow it to rise for 45 to 50 minutes . toward the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 375°f . to make the glaze : whisk the egg yolk with the water , and brush the braid with this glaze . to bake the braid : bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and shiny . remove bread from the oven and let it cool on the pan for 10 minutes , then transfer it to a wire rack to cool completely . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

zopf is traditionally served at breakfast , toasted or not , with butter and/or jam . want to see our video showing how easy it is braiding a three strand loaf ? visit how to braid a three strand loaf .


savory bread pudding

this all-in-one casserole , with its soft , creamy texture , can be served for breakfast , lunch , dinner — or all three ! in fact , it was such a huge hit out of our test kitchen that many people asked for a sneak peek at the recipe . although simple , our secret to this custard-y entrée is making it with soft white sandwich bread ; a pain de mie , with its straight sides and tighter crumb , is especially suitable .

1 pound pork sausage meat
28 g butter
1 medium yellow onion , peeled and cut in 1/2 '' dice ( about 170 g )
8 ounces button mushrooms , stems removed and sliced
2 garlic cloves , minced ; or 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon salt , divided
1 tablespoon herbes de provence
57 g white wine , chicken stock , or vegetable stock
227 g grated cheddar cheese , divided
454 g cubed leftover bread ; pain de mie or soft white sandwich bread are good options
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
454 g milk
227 g heavy cream

in a large skillet over medium-high heat , sauté the sausage meat , breaking it up , until the sausage is cooked through , about 6 to 8 minutes . drain the fat and transfer the cooked sausage meat to a bowl ; set aside . return the pan to the burner , and heat the butter until it melts . add the onion and mushrooms and cook until they start to soften , about 5 minutes . add the garlic , 1/2 teaspoon of the salt , and herbes de provence , cooking for another minute or two until fragrant . add the white wine or stock to deglaze the pan , and cook until almost completely reduced . transfer the vegetables to the bowl with the sausage , and allow to cool to room temperature . toss the meat/vegetable mixture with 1 1/2 cups of the cheese and all of the bread . spread the mixture into a buttered 9 '' x 13 '' pan or 3-quart baking dish ; set aside . whisk the eggs and yolks in a large bowl . add the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt , milk , and cream , continuing to whisk . pour the egg mixture into the pan , cover , and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight . preheat the oven to 325°f . top the pudding with the remaining 1/2 cup of cheese . bake the pudding for 55 to 65 minutes , until it 's puffed , lightly browned , and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean . let the pudding cool for 15 minutes or so , and serve warm . wrap any leftover pudding tightly with plastic and refrigerate . reheat individual servings in the microwave ; or the whole pan , covered with foil , in a 250°f oven .




braided lemon bread

there 's just something about lemon that brings a smile and cheerful laugh in the middle of even the dullest of days . the bright yellow color and zippy taste ca n't be beat . this bread combines a soft and tender sweet dough with the tangy flavor of lemon , and wraps it all up in a beautiful yet easy-to-shape mock braid .

sponge

170 g warm water
2 teaspoons sugar
1 tablespoon instant yeast
57 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

all of the sponge
170 g plain or vanilla yogurt
113 g unsalted butter , softened
2 large eggs , beaten
99 g sugar
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons buttery sweet dough flavor or vanilla
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
egg wash for brushing braid
pearl sugar or sparkling white sugar for sprinkling on braid

cream cheese filling

142 g cream cheese , softened
50 g sugar
57 g sour cream
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
28 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g prepared lemon curd

in a small bowl , combine the sponge ingredients . stir well to combine , loosely cover with plastic wrap , and set aside to proof for 10 to 15 minutes . in the bowl of your stand mixer combine the sponge , yogurt , butter , eggs , sugar , salt , and flavoring . add 4 1/2 cups of flour and mix with the paddle attachment until the dough is a rough , shaggy mass . switch to the dough hook and knead on speed 2 until a soft , smooth dough forms , about 5 to 6 minutes , adding more flour if needed to achieve the correct consistency.if you 're using a bread machine , combine all the dough ingredients in the pan and set the machine on the dough cycle . be sure to check the dough as it kneads and adjust the flour or water as needed to achieve a soft , supple consistency . let the cycle complete itself . if working by hand or stand mixer , place the kneaded dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and allow to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until quite puffy and nearly doubled . while the dough is rising , prepare the filling . combine all the filling ingredients ( except the lemon curd ) in a small bowl , mixing until smooth and lump-free . reserve the filling and lemon curd until ready to fill the braids . gently deflate the dough and divide it in half . cover half with plastic wrap and set it aside as you roll out the first piece into a 10 '' x 15 '' rectangle . rolling on parchment paper makes moving the bread to the baking sheet much , much easier . lightly press two lines down the dough lengthwise , to divide it into 3 equal sections . spread half the cream cheese filling down the center section , and top with half the lemon curd , leaving 1 '' free on all sides of the filling . to form the mock braid , cut 1 '' crosswise strips down the length of the outside sections , making sure you have the same number of strips down each side . beginning on the left , lift the top dough strip and gently bring it across the filling diagonally . repeat on the other side with the top dough strip , so that the two strips crisscross each other . continue down the entire braid , alternating strips to form the loaf . for a helpful visual of this process , see our video : how to make a filled braid . repeat the rolling , filling , and braiding steps for the second piece of dough , using the remaining cream cheese filling and lemon curd . set both loaves aside , lightly covered , to rise for 45 to 50 minutes , or until quite puffy preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the loaves with egg wash ( one lightly beaten egg , 2 teaspoons water and a pinch of salt ) , and sprinkle with coarse sparkling sugar , if desired . bake for 25 to 30 minutes , or until the loaves are golden brown . remove from the oven and cool for 15 to 20 minutes before serving . yield : 2 loaves .

tips from our bakers

change the filling in this recipe by substituting your favorite jam or preserves for the lemon curd . raspberry jam , strawberry preserves , and apricot jam are all delicious ; feel free to choose your own special favorite , though .


semolina-garlic-parmesan swirl loaf

need a reminder of the too-brief summer past ? it 's easy to make this savory dough in the bread machine and use it as a jelly roll kind of wrap for roasted garlic , parmesan cheese , and italian herbs .

dough

283 g semolina flour
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper
227 g water
21 g garlic oil or vegetable oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 large egg yolk ( reserve the white for the filling )

filling

113 g to 227 g garlic or more , to taste ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 large egg white ( reserved from above )
pinch of salt
99 g grated parmesan
21 g fresh bread crumbs
1 to 2 teaspoons dried italian herbs ; basil and oregano ; or pizza seasoning

to make the dough : place the dough ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine following the manufacturer 's instructions ( usually , liquids first ) . program the machine for basic or white bread , medium crust , or if you 're going to bake the bread in a conventional oven , program for manual or dough . press start . after 10 minutes of kneading , adjust the consistency of the dough by adding water or flour to make a soft , sticky dough . after the first rise , remove the dough from the machine and transfer it to a lightly oiled work surface . shape it into an 8 '' x 18 '' rectangle . dimple and stretch the dough into shape with your fingertips . it 'll probably end up no more than 1/2 '' thick . cover the dough and let it rest while you prepare the filling . to make the filling : squeeze the roasted garlic pulps from their little parchment tubes . do n't worry , the skins stay pretty much in your hand and any strays are easily identified and recovered . mash the garlic into a paste and then spread it over the dough . ( it wo n't be evenly distributed , that 's fine . ) whisk the egg white and salt until foamy . brush the wash over the garlic . evenly distribute the parmesan , bread crumbs and herbs over the garlic , leaving one short ( 8 '' ) end clear . starting with the opposite short edge , roll the dough toward the bare edge , forming it into a log and pinching the seam closed . pinch the ends shut as well . you may need to tuck them under a bit to fit the loaf back into your bread machine bucket or into a loaf pan . to bake the bread : to complete the recipe in the bread machine , remove the paddle ( s ) , place the bread back in the bucket , seam-side down , close the lid , and let the machine finish its cycle . to finish the recipe in the oven , preheat the oven to 375°f . place the bread seam-side down in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' bread pan , or on a parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the loaf lightly with a towel or plastic wrap , and let it rise for about 45 minutes , or until it 's puffy looking . the dough should crest almost an inch above the pan sides , and should hold your finger 's indentation if you poke it . use a pair of scissors to snip several small slashes into the loaf , about every 2 '' . the cuts should be about 1 1/2 '' deep and 3/4 '' wide . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , rotating the pan halfway through the time for more even baking . if you have an instant-read thermometer , the bread 's internal temperature should read between 190°f and 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store the loaf , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

to roast the garlic : preheat the oven to 400°f . peel away some of the outside parchment from the garlic head . cut off enough of the top ( the pointy , non-root end ) to expose a bit of the garlic meat in the cloves . brush , dip or drizzle olive oil on the cut side , and either wrap it in foil or put it in a covered garlic-roasting crock . bake the garlic for 35 to 40 minutes ( or longer at a lower temperature , if you have something else baking in the oven ) . it 'll be golden brown when it 's done . let cool before squeezing it out of the paper.the garlic can be roasted a day ahead . feel free to roast more than 1 or 2 heads at a time . leftovers can always be reserved for pizza topping , or for stirring into mashed potatoes . for a shiny crust , brush the top of the loaf with oil ( or oil mixed with an egg yolk ) , if desired .


mini cinnamon swirl breads

these mini loaves offer assertive flavor — cinnamon lovers , rejoice !

dough

227 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 large egg
28 g unsalted butter
14 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g granulated sugar
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

1 large egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water ( egg wash )
53 g cinnamon-sugar plus or cinnamon-sugar
170 g cinnamon mini baking chips

to make the dough : mix and knead the dough ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise until nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . grease the 8 wells of a mini-loaf pan and place the pan on a baking sheet lined with parchment ( to catch any drips ) . on a lightly greased work surface , pat the dough into an 8 '' x 32 '' rectangle . brush the dough with egg wash ( you 'll have some left over ; set it aside ) , and sprinkle with the cinnamon-sugar and chips . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log . cut the log into eight 4 '' -long segments , and transfer them seam side-down to the prepared wells . allow the breads to rise until they 've barely crested over the rims of the pans , 40 to 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the breads with the remaining egg wash. bake the breads for 18 to 20 minutes , until golden ; the interior of the breads should read 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the pan from the oven . cool the breads in the pan for 5 minutes , then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely . yield 8 mini loaves .

tips from our bakers

to make one large cinnamon swirl loaf , stretch your risen dough into a 9 '' x 24 '' rectangle . brush the dough with the egg/water mixture and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar and the chips . starting with a short end , roll the dough into a tight log , and place seam-side down into a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . allow the loaf to rise , covered , for 40 to 60 minutes , until it 's crested 1/2 '' over the rim of the pan . brush the loaf with the egg wash , transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet ( to catch any drips ) , and bake for 45 to 60 minutes , until golden . the interior of the bread should register 190° on an instant-read thermometer . cool the loaf in the pan for 10 minutes , then transfer it to a rack to cool completely .


harvest wheat bread

crunchy-chewy bits of cracked wheat and sunflower seeds add texture and interest to your favorite ham , turkey or veggie sandwich . one trick to a tasty grain-filled loaf ? soaking the cracked wheat in water before you combine the dough softens the grains and adds moisture to the final product .

39 g organic cracked wheat
283 g boiling water
50 g olive oil
35 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten , optional
35 g sunflower seeds
2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine the cracked wheat and boiling water in the pan of your bread machine , and let the wheat soften for 30 minutes . place the remaining ingredients into the pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for the basic cycle , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth ball of dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . store , wrapped , on the counter for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

to bake bread in the oven , program your machine for the dough or manual cycle . when the cycle is complete , remove the dough , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 45 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and let it cool on a wire rack .


molly 's challah

`` challah is my safety-blanket dough '' , says food blogger molly yeh . she uses this challah dough , from her book , molly on the range , for everything from doughnuts to babka to monkey bread . the sweet , tender crumb is adaptable to just about any shape or filling .

dough

2 1/4 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
170 g warm water
25 g sugar
454 g to 482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , plus more for dusting
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 large eggs
67 g vegetable oil
43 g additional sweetener ( sugar , honey , or molasses )

topping

1 large egg yolk , lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon flaked sea salt

in a medium bowl , combine the yeast , warm water , and 1/2 teaspoon of sugar and give it a little stir . let it sit for about 5 minutes , until it becomes foamy on top . meanwhile , in a large bowl mix together the flour , salt , and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar . in a medium bowl , whisk together the eggs , oil , and additional sweetener . when the yeast is foamy , add it to the dry mixture immediately followed by the egg mixture and stir to combine . knead until you have a smooth and slightly sticky dough , 7 to 10 minutes , adding more flour as necessary . transfer the dough to an oiled bowl , cover it with plastic wrap , and let it sit at room temperature until doubled in size , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . alternatively , you can refrigerate it overnight and then let it sit at room temperature for about 1 hour before shaping . line a baking sheet with parchment paper . pat the dough out into a long rectangle , roughly 3 '' x 12 '' . cut the dough into three long , skinny rectangles and roll them out a bit to get three long logs . pinch them together at one end and then braid the logs , pinching them together at the other end . transfer the loaf to the baking sheet and let it rise , covered , at room temperature for 30 minutes , until slightly puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the loaf lightly with the egg wash and sprinkle with sea salt . bake until the loaf is golden brown and has an internal temperature of 190°f ; begin checking for doneness at 28 minutes . remove the loaf from the oven , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store any leftovers at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . store any leftovers at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage .




cranberry orange holiday bread

enjoy this new twist on a favorite holiday flavor combination : tangy-sweet cranberry , and tart orange .

dough

170 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cardamom , optional
1/4 teaspoon orange oil or 1 teaspoon orange emulsion or flavor , optional
57 g butter
25 g sugar
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
28 g potato flour

filling 1

3 tablespoons soft butter
25 g sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

filling 2

71 g chopped dried cranberries or our favorite fruit blend
50 g candied cherries , chopped
1 tablespoon water or brandy
71 g chopped almonds
2 tablespoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

glaze

14 g melted butter
14 g milk
3 to 4 drops orange oil or 1/ 2 teaspoon orange emulsion
85 g glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar

for the dough : mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together to make a soft , smooth dough . let the dough rise for 1 1/2 hours , until it 's almost double in bulk . filling 1 : mix the butter , sugar , and vanilla . set aside . filling 2 : soak the dried cranberries or fruitcake blend in the water or brandy . to assemble : roll the dough into a 14 '' x 30 '' rectangle . spread with filling 1 , then sprinkle with the soaked fruit , cherries , almonds , and flour . roll into a log , starting with a long end . grease a 10 '' ring pan , or a baking sheet . slice the log horizontally . gently twist one piece around the other , keeping the layers facing upward . fit the dough into the ring mold or shape into a circle on the baking sheet . pinch the ends together . cover and let rise till puffy , about 45 minutes . bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 30 to 35 minutes , until lightly browned at the edges . remove from the oven and cool for 30 minutes or longer before glazing . to make the glaze : combine the butter and milk . mix in the orange flavor and sugar until smooth . drizzle over cooled loaf . yield : one large circular loaf , 16 servings .




angel biscuits

part soft yeast roll , part tender biscuit , these buns are an interesting composite . sometimes called bride 's biscuits ( because even a new bride was supposed to be able to make them easily ) , they include both yeast and baking powder , for a guaranteed rise . though they do n't rise high , like southern biscuits do , they 're nevertheless a soft , light roll , perfect for splitting in half and filling with a slice of ham or sausage patty .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
46 g vegetable shortening
57 g cold butter , cut into pats
227 g room-temperature milk
28 g melted butter , for brushing on top

whisk together the flour , yeast , sugar , salt , and baking powder . add the shortening , mixing until evenly crumbly . add the butter , mixing until roughly combined . pea-sized bits of butter can remain . add the milk , mixing until just combined . the dough will be quite wet . transfer the dough to a well-floured work surface , and quickly and gently pat it into a 7 '' diameter , 1 '' -thick circle . use a 2 '' round biscuit cutter to cut 9 biscuits . pat together the scraps , and cut as many additional biscuits as you can . place them close together on a lightly floured or parchment-lined tray or baking sheet . cover with lightly greased plastic wrap or the cover of your choice , and allow the biscuits to rest at room temperature for 1 hour . after an hour , cover the biscuits with plastic wrap , and place the pan in the freezer for at least 1 hour . overnight is fine . alternatively , biscuits can be frozen up to 2 months . when ready to bake , preheat the oven to 400°f . remove the biscuits from the freezer , remove the plastic , and space them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . bake the biscuits for 16 to 18 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove from the oven , and brush with melted butter , if desired .




cornbread

this cornbread is a rare compromise between southern and northern cornbreads : it 's `` just right , '' as far as the amount of sugar . it 's tender and moist , with a balanced corn flavor . while delicious just as it is , this recipe can also accommodate all kinds of personal touches . feel free to add some cheese , green onions , corn kernels , jalapeño peppers , cooked sausage , or any combination of these suggestions . the combined volume of your add-ins should be a maximum of 1 cup . our guarantee : this cornbread will bake up light and tender , not dry , and have a moist crumb .

213 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
156 g cornmeal
50 g sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon salt , to taste
283 g milk
113 g unsalted butter , melted and cooled*
1 large egg
*for moister cornbread , substitute 1/4 cup vegetable oil or corn oil for 4 tablespoons ( 1/4 cup ) of the butter .

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' square or round pan ( a cast iron skillet will work fine , too ) , shallow 1 1/2 quart casserole dish , or 12 muffin cups . in a medium bowl , whisk together the flour , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt . stir in any desired herbs , cheese , corn kernels , or other flavorings . in another bowl or large measuring cup , whisk together the milk , melted butter , vegetable oil ( if you 're using it ) , and egg . pour the liquid all at once into the flour mixture , stirring quickly and gently until just combined . spread the batter into the prepared pan , or scoop into the muffin tin . bake for 20 to 25 minutes , until the edges just begin to pull away from the pan and a cake tester or paring knife inserted in the center comes out clean . remove from the oven and cool on a rack for 5 minutes before cutting ; serve warm .

tips from our bakers

add-ins will increase the baking time by 5 minutes.do n't over mix : stir the batter just enough to bring it together and evenly moisten the ingredients.if you decide to add creamed corn , decrease the milk in the recipe by 1/3 cup.if you like a crispier crust on your cornbread , grease a cast-iron pan and place it in the oven for 10 minutes to heat . scoop the batter into the hot pan and return it to the oven to bake as directed . check on the cornbread after 15 minutes . want to make mini loaves ? use three 3 1/4 '' x 5 3/4 '' x 2 1/4 '' mini loaf pans . use 1/3 ( 1 cup ) of the batter per pan . bake in a preheated 375°f oven for 23 to 25 minutes . when done , the loaves will be golden brown on top , firm to the touch , and a tester inserted in the middle will come out clean . cornbread is n't just an accompaniment to chili anymore . it can be dressed up to go with most any dish . stir in any of these extra ingredients , or experiment with some of your own .
corn and scallion
1/2 cup ( 2 ounces ) fresh/cooked or frozen/thawed corn kernels
1/2 cup ( about 1 1/2 ounces ) chopped scallions ( 3 or 4 scallions , white and green part )
bacon , cheddar and chive
1/4 cup ( 4 ounces ) cooked , crumbled bacon
3/4 cup ( 3 ounces ) grated cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives
cranberry-walnut
1/2 cup ( 2 1/2 ounces ) dried cranberries
1/2 cup ( 2 ounces ) chopped walnuts


reuben melt

the following variation on the reuben is an easy way to serve a number of family members or friends at once . since a fair number of people seem to eschew sauerkraut , our version of the reuben substitutes coleslaw in its place . if you like sauerkraut , by all means use it ; just be sure to drain it well .

dough

283 g pastry flour blend or 9 1/2 ounces king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g pumpernickel
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons caraway seeds
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g easy-roll dough improver ( see `` tips '' , below . )
28 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
1 teaspoon deli rye flavor ( see `` tips '' , below . )
11 g sugar
57 g butter
255 g water

filling

227 g thinly sliced corned beef
113 g to 170 g coleslaw , very well drained
170 g to 198 g shredded swiss cheese

combine the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , food processor , or bread machine — and mix and knead until you 've created a smooth , fairly soft dough . you should find this dough fairly easy to work with , if you 've used the dough relaxer ; it 'll feel very supple in your hands . allow the dough to rise , covered , in a lightly greased bowl , or in your bread machine bucket , for about 1 hour ; it should get quite puffy . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface . gently pat it into a rough rectangle , then use a rolling pin to roll it into a 12 '' x 16 '' rectangle . it 'll roll out very easily , if you 've used both the pastry flour blend and the dough relaxer ; if you 've used neither , expect some resistance . if the dough does keep shrinking back , just cover it with a damp towel for about 10 minutes , then come back and give it another go . layer the thinly sliced corned beef atop the dough , leaving a 1 '' margin clear on all sides . spread the corned beef evenly with the coleslaw , then the cheese . fold the two long edges over the filling ; this will help keep it from leaking out as it bakes . starting with a short edge , gently ( and fairly loosely ) roll the dough into a nice , fat 10 '' log , about 3 '' in diameter . place the log on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover it with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rest for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the roll for about 35 to 45 minutes , until it 's a light , golden brown ; if it appears to be browning too quickly , tent it lightly with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes of baking . remove the loaf from the oven , and allow it to cool on the pan for 15 minutes . slice it into 1 1/2 '' slices . serve with thousand island or russian dressing , if desired . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days in the fridge .

tips from our bakers

notes :
it 's almost inevitable that the roll will split somewhere as it 's baking , and a bit of the filling will ooze out . this roll goes into the oven as a fairly nice round , then flattens as it bakes . the slices you eventually cut and serve will be ovals , not rounds .

a couple of the taste-testers here thought the center of the slices cut from the very center of the roll were a bit doughy . if `` doughy '' is anathema to you , dry-fry the corned beef briefly , to help it exude any ambient moisture . also , be very sure your coleslaw or sauerkraut is well-drained.both the dough improver and the rye flavor are optional , but recommended . the dough improver makes the dough extremely easy to roll out and handle , while the rye flavor adds a lot to the flavor of the bread .
st. patrick 's day traditionally calls for a celebratory dinner of corned beef and cabbage , but cooked in a simmering water bath is n't the only way to combine those two ingredients : the reuben sandwich pairs corned beef and cabbage in a more intricate way . this particular sandwich has a storied ( and disputed ) history , with two different reubens claiming it as their own . arnold reuben , of reuben 's restaurant in new york city , was said to have invented the sandwich on a whim in 1914 , for a famished leading lady of charlie chaplin 's . another story has it that reuben kay of omaha invented the sandwich at a poker game in 1955 , then saw it attain national fame when it was entered in the national sandwich contest the following year , where it took the top prize . however it happened , the reuben sandwich & mdsah ; a delectable combination of corned beef , sauerkraut , russian dressing and swiss cheese on pumpernickel — has been a deli staple for years .


tropical bread pudding

if you bake a lot of bread , you 're sure to have some that 's starting to go stale ( or has already gotten there ) . bread pudding is a great use for leftover bread ; this version brings a whiff of the tropics to the table .

5 large eggs
907 g milk : skim , 1 % , 2 % or whole
106 g dried pineapple , finely diced
57 g unsweetened shredded coconut , plus 28 g for topping
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
28 g rum , optional
149 g to 198 g sugar ( use the larger amount for a sweeter pudding )
1/4 teaspoon salt
213 g to 284 g bread cubes , about 3/4 '' dice

preheat your oven to 300°f . butter a shallow 2-quart casserole dish . in a large mixing bowl , beat the eggs with the milk , pineapple , 1/2 cup coconut , vanilla , rum , sugar and salt . mix in the bread cubes . spoon the mixture into the buttered casserole dish , and top with the remaining 1/4 cup coconut . bake the bread pudding for 1 hour . the middle will feel set but still soft . store , covered , for up to 5 days in the fridge .




spicy onion pinwheels

a burger is an opportunity to play with toppings , cheeses and sauces , but so often they 're served on a basic white roll . slightly spicy onion rolls add a new dimension of flavor and interest to an already creative burger .

dough

227 g water
11 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
14 g butter , 14 g margarine , or 11 g vegetable oil
7 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

71 g french-fried onions
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper

place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine according to the manufacturer 's recommendations . program the machine for dough or manual cycle and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth dough . when the cycle is complete , transfer the dough to a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface . roll it into a 16 '' x 10 '' rectangle . combine the french-fried onions and the crushed red pepper , and evenly spread this filling over the dough , leaving a 1 '' border on each long edge of the dough . starting with a long edge , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seams together well . using a serrated knife , cut the log into 1 '' slices . place the rolls about 2 '' apart on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . let them rise , covered , for about 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for about 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool them completely before serving . store the rolls , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature or up to a month in the freezer .




cheddar scallion rolls

these flavorful rolls are best served hot or warm . they 're the perfect accompaniment to soup and salad , and make a nice addition to any bread basket .

170 g lukewarm water
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
85 g honey
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons dried dill weed , optional
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
96 g scallions ( green and white parts ) , trimmed and finely diced
113 g cheddar cheese , cabot brand preferred

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , using a mixer , or in a bread machine set on the manual or dough setting — to make a smooth , supple dough . cover the dough , and let it rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until it 's doubled in size . gently deflate the dough , and turn it out onto a lightly greased surface . divide it into 24 pieces , and roll each piece into a smooth ball . space the rolls evenly in two 9 '' round cake pans , or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . cover the pan ( s ) , and let the rolls rise for 30 to 45 minutes , until they 've puffed a bit . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls for 15 to 20 minutes , until they 're golden brown and feel firm to the touch . remove them from the oven , and after 5 minutes carefully turn them out of the pan ( s ) onto a rack to cool . yield : 24 rolls .

tips from our bakers

for a satiny , buttery crust , brush the baked rolls with melted butter as soon as they come out of the oven .


semolina rolls with golden raisins , fennel , and pine nuts

with their light interior and crunchy crust , these rolls are a great addition to a mixed bread basket . tasting noticeably ( though not assertively ) of licorice-flavored fennel , they get a hint of sweetness from their golden raisins , and rich nuttiness from pine nuts .

starter

120 g semolina
113 g lukewarm water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast or active dry yeast

dough

all of the starter ( above )
326 g semolina
35 g yellow cornmeal
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g olive oil
113 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons fennel seeds
64 g pine nuts , toasted
128 g golden raisins

to make the starter : combine the semolina , water , and yeast , stirring everything together thoroughly . cover and let rest at cool room temperature ( 68°f to 70°f ) overnight , or for about 12 to 16 hours . to make the dough : combine the starter , semolina , cornmeal , yeast , salt , olive oil , and water , mixing and kneading to make a soft , smooth dough . do this by hand ; using a stand or hand mixer ; or in your bread machine , set on the dough cycle . shape the dough into a ball , place it in a lightly greased bowl , and let it rise for about 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's very puffy ; it should double in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and knead in the fennel seeds , pine nuts , and golden raisins . divide the dough into 24 pieces , and round each piece into a ball . drop the balls into a shallow pan with some semolina , and roll them around to coat . space the balls on a baking sheet , leaving about 1 1/2 '' between them . cover the rolls with lightly greased plastic , and let them rise for about 2 hours , until they 're puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . spray the rolls with lukewarm water , and place the pan in the oven . bake the rolls for about 15 to 20 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove the rolls form the oven , and transfer them to a rack to cool . store well-wrapped for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 24 rolls .




whole wheat naan with raita

a touch of whole wheat flour adds golden color to these south asian soft flatbreads . your outdoor barbecue grill steps in nicely for the tandoor oven in which naan are traditionally baked . naan is often served with raita , a tangy yogurt-cucumber dip .

naan

227 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
28 g butter or ghee ( clarified butter ) , melted
113 g milk or whey ( from the drained yogurt , below )
170 g plain whole-milk yogurt
1 large egg
garlic oil or olive oil , for brushing on cooked naan

raita

about 170 g finely diced or grated , peeled , seeded cucumbers ( about 2 medium-small cucumbers , or 1 medium-large )
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cups whole-milk yogurt , drained in a yogurt cheese maker or cheesecloth for several hours
1 or 2 cloves garlic , peeled and minced
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
2 tablespoons minced fresh mint or cilantro , plus extra for garnish
2 to 3 teaspoons minced hot chilies or chili paste , or 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper , all optional
*want to skip the draining ? use 1 cup thick , greek-style yogurt ; no need to drain .

to make the naan : combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl . mix until cohesive ; the dough will be rough and shaggy . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead it until it 's smooth and shiny . or knead for about 7 minutes in a stand mixer . put the dough into a greased bowl , cover , and set it aside to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's doubled in bulk . at this point , the dough may be refrigerated , covered , for up to 24 hours , for extra flavor and ease of rolling . to make the raita : place the minced or grated cucumbers in a strainer , and sprinkle with the salt . let the cucumbers drain for several hours , stirring occasionally . discard the liquid . mix the cucumbers with the drained yogurt and the remaining ingredients . refrigerate , covered , for a few hours , for the flavors to meld . garnish with fresh mint or cilantro . refrigerate any leftovers ; see storage hint in `` tips , '' at left . to cook the naan : divide the dough into six pieces . hand-stretch or roll each piece into a thin oval shape , about 4 '' x 7 '' . pull on the front edge of the oval to elongate and create the traditional tear shape . let the pieces rest , uncovered , while you heat a griddle on high heat . during the hot days of summer , try heating a cast-iron pan on your outdoor barbecue grill ; works like a charm ! transfer the naan to the griddle , as many as will fit at a time . grill for approximately 2 to 3 minutes on one side , until the bread puffs and begins to look set around the edges . if it appears to be browning too quickly , lower the heat . flip over and continue to cook , until the bottom side is brown . remove from the griddle , and brush with olive oil or garlic oil . serve warm , with raita . cool any leftovers ; store , tightly wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage . yield : 6 large breads .

tips from our bakers

stir 1 tablespoon sesame seeds into the dough , if desired , for a slightly `` nutty '' flavor.plain whole milk yogurt is surprisingly hard to find these days . substitute lower-fat plain yogurt , if necessary , but try to avoid nonfat yogurt . if you have to use nonfat , increase the butter or ghee by 1 tablespoon.want to make the dough for the naan in your bread machine ? go for it ; use the dough cycle to knead and raise the dough , then pick up the directions at step # 6.to keep raita from becoming watery over time , store it in a yogurt drainer , if you have one.looking for a way to use leftover naan ? split in half around the circumference , it makes a nice crust for thin-crust whole-grain pizza . simply add toppings , and bake until hot . leave naan whole to make a thicker pizza crust .


light summer ciabatta

ciabatta , an airy , white hearth bread from northern italy , receives its name from its dusty , flattened , somewhat rumpled finish , reminding a fanciful baker of an old slipper . the interior is filled with light , airy holes , contrasting with the crisp and crunchy crust . split it lengthwise , and turn it into garlic bread , fill with a bounty of fresh or marinated vegetables , or stuff with a fine assortment of italian cured meats .

starter

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

starter ( from above )
1 teaspoon instant yeast
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon sugar
11 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
57 g water
25 g olive oil

mix the starter ingredients in a small bowl until well combined . let the starter rest overnight , covered , or for up to 15 hours . place all of the dough ingredients , including the starter , into the bowl of your mixer , and beat it at medium speed , using the flat beater , for 7 minutes , until it 's extremely smooth and elastic ; it 'll be soft . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for 2 to 2 1/2 hours , deflating it once midway through the rising time , if you happen to be around and it fits into your schedule . transfer the dough to a well-oiled work surface . lightly grease a half sheet baking pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) or similar large pan , and your hands . using a bench knife or your fingers , divide the dough in half . handling the dough gently , stretch it into a log about 10 '' long , and place it crosswise on one half of the baking sheet . flatten the log with your fingers until it 's about 4 '' wide . repeat with the remaining piece of dough . lightly cover the dough with heavily oiled plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow it to rise for 30 minutes . oil your fingers , and gently poke deep holes all over the dough . re-oil the plastic wrap , re-cover the dough , and allow it to rise for an additional 30 minutes . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . spritz the risen loaves with lukewarm water . bake them for 18 to 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . turn off the oven , remove the ciabatta from the baking sheet , and return them to the oven , propping the oven door open a couple of inches with a folded-over potholder . allow the ciabatta to cool completely in the oven ; this will give them a very crisp crust . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

because this dough is so soft , it 's quite a challenge to knead it by hand . unless you 're a baker experienced in working with high-hydration doughs , you may have difficulty . you can use an electric mixer or your bread machine ( set on the dough cycle ) to knead the dough ; if you use a bread machine , allow the dough to remain in the machine an additional 90 minutes after the completion of the cycle . or follow the directions in our blog post , kneading wet dough by hand .


cumin cornmeal buns with green chili-cheese butter

these soft , golden pan rolls , with the distinctive sweetness of whole-germ cornmeal , are a treat hot out of the oven . serve them at lunch or dinner with the accompanying chili-cheese butter , or for a very distinctive breakfast treat , with butter and hot pepper jelly alongside scrambled eggs or a western omelette .

cumin cornmeal buns

11 g active dry yeast or 2 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g lukewarm ( 110°f ) water
227 g milk
113 g buttermilk
138 g whole cornmeal
99 g sugar
113 g butter or margarine , softened
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon cumin powder
723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g additional butter or margarine , melted
additional cumin powder , to taste

green chili-cheese butter

113 g unsalted butter
113 g green chilis , chopped and drained
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon sugar
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon tabasco sauce , to taste
43 g sharp cheddar cheese

to make the buns : dissolve the yeast in the lukewarm water , and let it sit until foamy , about 10 minutes . meanwhile , heat the milk and buttermilk until barely warm . when the yeast is foamy , add the milk/buttermilk , cornmeal , sugar , butter or margarine , eggs , salt , cumin powder and 2 cups of flour . beat the mixture until well blended . add enough of the remaining flour to make a stiff dough , suitable for kneading . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . place the dough in a well-greased bowl , turning to coat all sides , and cover . let it rise until not quite doubled in bulk , about 2 hours . lightly grease two deep-dish 12 '' pizza pans or two 9 '' x 13 '' pans . deflate the dough and divide it into two pieces . roll each piece into a 12 '' x 8 '' rectangle . spread each rectangle with some of the melted butter or margarine ( leaving about half to spread on rolls before baking ) , and sprinkle lightly with cumin powder . roll the rectangles up , starting with the long end , and pinch the edges to seal . cut each log into 12 buns . place the buns in the pans . spread the buns with remaining butter or margarine , and sprinkle lightly with cumin . cover them and let them rise until almost doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . toward the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the buns for 15 to 20 minutes , or until golden brown . store the buns in an airtight container , at room temperature for up to 5 days . to make the butter : place all of the ingredients into the bowl of a food processor or blender and blend until smooth . store the butter , covered , in the fridge for up to 2 weeks .




betsy 's panettone

panettone is the ubiquitous sweet bread of italy as the holidays roll around , and it seems each region has its own version . nuts and a wide variety of dried fruit choices make it possible for every baker to customize this favorite . betsy oppenneer was given this recipe by a 90-year-old lady in her church in dallas ; it had been passed down through her family . betsy altered it only to be more specific in the measurements .

57 g warm water
2 1/4 teaspoons ( 1 packet ) active dry yeast
340 g warm milk
99 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
57 g unsalted butter , softened
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons crushed aniseed
128 g golden raisins
71 g pine nuts
60 g pistachio nuts
85 g candied lemon peel
43 g candied citron
2 tablespoons grated orange zest ( or 1 teaspoon orange oil )

in a large bowl , stir yeast into water to soften . add milk , sugar , salt , butter , and 1 cup flour . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . combine crushed seeds , raisins , nuts , lemon peel , citron and orange zest or oil ; mix well . add this mixture to the yeast mixture . gradually add flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put dough into an oiled bowl . turn once to coat entire ball of dough with oil . cover with a towel and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface . shape into a ball . punch a large hole in the center and slip the dough over the center post of a well-greased tube pan . cover and let rise until almost doubled , about 1 hour . bake in a preheated 375°f oven for 45 minutes , or until the internal temperature of the loaf reaches 190°f . immediately remove from pan and cool on a rack to prevent crust from becoming soggy . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for a week , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

looking for the right pan for this bread ? use an angel food cake pan , or try the
monkey bread tube pan and then use it all year long for monkey bread , too.good quality citron can be difficult to find ; if you ca n't get any , just use more of the lemon peel , or add in some candied orange instead .


portuguese muffins

a portuguese muffin looks like a very large english muffin , without the cornmeal on the bottom or the craggy holes within . about 4 '' in diameter , and a good 1 '' thick , this soft , almost doughy bun is delicious toasted and slathered with butter and jam , à la english muffin ; and it 's equally good as the basis for a sandwich . many cape cod restaurants serve their signature sandwiches on portuguese muffins . the potato and soy flour , though optional , both contribute to the muffin 's soft , tender texture .

227 g milk
57 g soft butter
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or 424 g pastry flour blend
46 g potato flour , optional ( see `` tips '' , below . )
35 g soy flour , optional ( see `` tips '' , below . )
50 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel or 1 teaspoon sweet dough flavor

to make by hand or with an electric mixer : scald the milk ( heat it just until small bubbles form ) , then pour it over the butter . set the mixture aside to cool to lukewarm . in a large bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , combine all of the dry ingredients , whisking thoroughly . ( this prevents the potato flour from lumping ) . add the remaining ingredients , mixing to form a workable dough . knead the dough until it 's smooth ; this should be a soft ( though not sticky ) dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for about 90 minutes ; it 'll become quite puffy . to make with a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , examine the dough , and adjust its texture as necessary with additional flour or water . the dough should have formed a smooth , cohesive ball . allow the machine to finish its cycle . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and divide it into 10 pieces , each about 3 1/4 ounces in weight . form the dough into tight balls , and let them rest , covered , for about 30 minutes . flatten the balls into circles 4 '' to 5 '' in diameter and about 1/2 '' thick . place the muffins on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving about 1 1/2 '' between them . place a piece of parchment paper atop the muffins , or lightly grease the bottom of the second baking sheet . place it atop the muffins , and let them rise for 45 minutes , or until they 're about 3/4 '' thick . bake the muffins in a preheated 400°f oven for 18 to 22 minutes , leaving the second baking sheet in place ; this will help keep the muffins flat . remove the top baking sheet , and test to make sure the muffins are done ; they 'll be golden brown on the top and bottom , with paler sides . remove them from the oven , and cool on wire racks . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days on the counter , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

if you choose not to use the potato flour and/or soy flour , reduce the milk by 1 tablespoon .


cranberry-orange brioche

this sweet , buttery loaf is light and airy , and studded with tangy cranberries . it 's a perfect breakfast treat served warm , spread with melting butter .

170 g lukewarm water
2 large eggs
113 g butter
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 ½ teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon orange extract , optional , for added flavor
1 tablespoon grated orange rind ( zest )
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g dried cranberries
43 g candied orange peel

mix and knead together all the dough ingredients , except the cranberries and orange peel , to make a soft , smooth dough . if kneading by hand , this will take awhile due to the amount of butter in the dough . add the cranberries and peel , and knead for another 4 or 5 minutes . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's quite puffy . divide the dough into 20 pieces ( about 1 7/8 ounces each ) to make mini brioche ; or 12 pieces ( about 3 ounces each ) to make larger individual brioche in muffin cups ; or 2 pieces ( about 18 ½ ounces ) for full-size brioche pans . roll the dough into balls , and place into brioche papers , pans , or greased muffin cups . cover and allow to rise until doubled and puffy , abut 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the brioche for 14 to 18 minutes ( for small brioche ) ; 18 to 20 minutes ( for muffin-sized brioche ) ; or 30 to 35 minutes , for two large brioche . if necessary , tent lightly with foil midway through , to prevent over-browning . the finished bread will be a deep golden brown . remove the brioche from the oven , and transfer to a rack to cool completely . yield : 20 mini brioche ; 12 muffin-sized brioche ; or 2 larger brioche .

tips from our bakers

we highly recommend using a stand mixer or bread machine to knead this dough ; it 's quite difficult to do by hand , given the amount of butter and eggs in the dough .


bread bowls for two

we 're big fans of edible bread bowls ; not only are they a tasty counterpart to whatever they contain , they minimize the amount of dishes in the sink once we 're done eating !

starter

113 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast
120 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

dough

all of the starter ( from above )
25 g olive oil
113 g lukewarm water
1 teaspoon salt
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
cornmeal for dusting

note : our apologies for the error in the original recipe ; as of 12/24/13 , the amount of water in the dough portion has been decreased from 1 1/2 cups to 1/2 cup . to make the starter : mix the water , yeast , and flour , stirring until the flour is incorporated . cover and let rest at room temperature for about 14 hours , until bubbly . to make the dough : combine the starter with the remaining ingredients , and mix and knead by hand , mixer , or bread machine to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled , about 60 minutes . gently deflate the dough , divide it in half , and round each half into a ball . place each ball , seam side up , in a generously floured mini brotform . no brotform ? place the dough seam side down on a piece of parchment . cover and let rise until noticeably puffy , about 60 minutes . tip the loaves out of the brotform onto a cornmeal-dusted baker 's peel or parchment , and transfer them to a pizza stone in a preheated 425°f oven . bake the loaves on the stone for 22 to 26 minutes , until they 're golden brown . no pizza stone ? simply bake the loaves on a baking sheet . to make bread bowls : cut the top third off each loaf . scoop out the insides , and fill with your favorite hearty soup or stew . yield : 2 bread bowls .




easy cinnamon bread

this bread is a cross between a typical baking powder-leavened quick bread , and a yeast bread . the result : a cinnamon coffeecake-tasting loaf that 's wonderful served plain , and is incredible toasted .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or 340 g pastry flour blend
99 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
227 g warm milk
57 g melted butter
1 large egg
170 grams cinnamon chips or 142 g cinnamon sweet bits
cinnamon-sugar plus or cinnamon-sugar , for topping

in a large bowl , mix together the flour , sugar , yeast , cinnamon , salt , and baking powder . in a separate bowl , whisk together the milk , butter , and egg . combine the wet and dry ingredients , beating until smooth . stir in the cinnamon chips or bits . let the batter rest at room temperature for 1 hour , covered . towards the end of the rest , preheat the oven to 350°f . spoon the batter into a greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . sprinkle the top with cinnamon-sugar . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it tests done ; a cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean . remove the bread from the oven , let it rest in the pan for 5 minutes , then transfer it from the pan to a rack to cool completely . note : do n't slice the bread while it 's hot ! it 'll slice much better when it 's completely cool .




cinnamon-apple twist bread

welcome to our september bakealong challenge : bread with a twist — literally ! rolling the apple-cinnamon filling inside a log of dough ( like the start of cinnamon buns ) , then cutting that log in half and twisting it leaves the filling half in and half out , resulting in a lovely swirled appearance . this delicious , soft apple bread is perfect for breakfast or dessert .

dough

390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g potato flour or dry instant mashed potatoes , unflavored*
35 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
43 g soft butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 large egg
255 g room-temperature or lukewarm milk
*for an alternative , see tips , below .

filling

170 g to 227 g peeled , grated apple ( 283 g to 340 g whole apples )
14 g lemon juice
99 g granulated sugar
21 g cornstarch or instant clearjel
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
113 g chopped walnuts or pecans , optional

glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon salt
14 g to 28 g water or 28 g to 57 g heavy cream

to make the dough : whisk together all of the dry ingredients , then add the butter , vanilla , egg , and milk , mixing until a shaggy dough forms . if your schedule permits , let the dough rest for 30 minutes ; this resting period allows the flour to absorb the liquid fully , making it easier to knead . knead the dough — by hand , using a mixer , or in a bread machine set on the dough cycle — until it 's smooth and soft , though still slightly sticky . place the dough in a greased bowl , turning to coat . cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it 's almost doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . the amount of time this takes will depend on the temperature of your kitchen ; yeast works the fastest at about 85°f , but we prefer the flavor the bread gets from a longer , cooler ( about 70°f ) rise . if you 're using a bread machine set on the dough cycle , simply allow it to complete its cycle . while the dough is rising , make the filling . to make the filling using cornstarch : toss the grated apple with the lemon juice in a saucepan . whisk together the sugar , cornstarch , salt , and cinnamon , and add to the pan , stirring to combine . cook over low heat , stirring frequently , until the apple starts to release its juice . increase the heat to medium , and bring to a simmer . simmer , stirring , until the mixture thickens , 1 to 2 minutes ; drawing a spatula across the bottom of the pan should leave a track that does n't readily fill in . remove from the heat , and set aside to cool to room temperature ; if you want to hasten the process , place in the refrigerator . to make the filling using instant clearjel : whisk together the sugar , clearjel , salt , and cinnamon . toss the grated apple with the lemon juice , then add that to the sugar mixture . mix well , and set aside . to assemble the loaf : gently deflate the risen dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured or greased work surface . divide the dough in half . roll the first half into a 10 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread half the filling over the rolled-out dough , leaving a 1/2 '' margin clear of filling along all sides . if adding chopped nuts , sprinkle them evenly over the filling . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log , sealing the edge . use a bench knife , pizza cutter , or sharp knife to cut the log in half lengthwise . place the half-logs , filled side up , side by side on a well-greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . keeping the filling side up , twist or `` braid '' the two logs together , working from the center to each end . pinch the ends together . repeat with the second piece of dough . cover the twists lightly , and set them aside to rise for 1 to 2 hours ; they should be puffy but not doubled in bulk . want to make the bread ahead , then refrigerate overnight and bake the next morning ? see `` tips , '' below . to bake the bread : bake the loaves in a preheated 350°f oven for 30 to 40 minutes , until they 're lightly browned . check the loaves after 20 minutes and tent with aluminum foil if they 're browning too quickly . when the loaves are fully baked , a digital thermometer inserted into a loaf ( be sure to position the thermometer in the bread , not the filling ) should register about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven and allow it to cool for about 1 hour before glazing and serving . to make the glaze : mix together all of the glaze ingredients . drizzle over the loaves once they 're cool . store leftover bread , loosely covered , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . if you know ahead of time you 're going to freeze one or both of the loaves , do n't glaze ; wrap completely cooled , unglazed bread tightly in plastic , and freeze for up to a month . when ready to serve , remove from the freezer , unwrap , cover loosely with plastic , and let thaw at room temperature . glaze and serve .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have potato flour or flakes , substitute 3/4 cup ( about 6 ounces ) unseasoned mashed potatoes , adding them to the dry ingredients along with the milk . reduce the milk to 2/3 cup , adding additional flour or milk as needed to create a smooth , soft dough . for a slightly softer loaf , replace the all-purpose flour in the dough with our pastry flour blend . reduce the milk in the dough to 1 cup . want to increase the loaf 's shelf life ? add 1 tablespoon granular lecithin to the dough.want to prepare this loaf ahead , then bake it the next day ? make the bread up to the point where it 's shaped and on a pan . cover the loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap , and refrigerate overnight ( about 12 hours ) . next morning , remove the loaves from the fridge , and let them come to room temperature and rise a bit ( still covered ) ; this will take 1 to 2 hours , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . bake and finish as directed . to make apple swirl rolls : follow the directions above to the point where you 've rolled the dough into a log . repeat with the remaining piece of dough , then cut each log into 1 '' slices . place the slices cut side up in well-greased or parchment-lined pans , placing them close together ( though not touching ) for soft-sided rolls , or about 2 '' apart for crustier rolls . allow the rolls to rise until they 're puffy . bake as directed , reducing the baking time to 18 to 20 minutes . drizzle with glaze .


stuffing cups

delicious and easy to serve , these individual servings of stuffing allow everyone to enjoy some crispy edges . using our harvest grains stuffing loaf recipe makes seasoning simple .

397 g cubed harvest grains stuffing loaf or other sturdy bread ( day-old or stale preferred )
85 g dried cranberries
14 g chopped fresh parsley
25 g olive oil
227 g chopped celery , with some inner leaves
99 g eeled , chopped yellow onion ; about 1 medium onion
198 g hopped apple ( 1-2 granny smiths , gala , or your favorite cooking apple ; peeling is optional )
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon poultry seasoning ( only if you don ? t use the harvest grains stuffing loaf )
170 to 283 g chicken stock
2 large eggs
28 to 57 g melted butter

preheat your oven to 375°f . lightly grease or butter a 12-cup standard muffin pan . place bread , cranberries , and parsley in a large bowl . heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat . add the celery , onions , and apples , and cook until the onions are translucent , 5 to 10 minutes . sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste ( do n't bother with salt if you 're using regular canned chicken stock , rather than low- or no-salt stock ) , and the poultry seasoning . remove the vegetables and apples from the heat and add to the bread mixture . beat the eggs into 3/4 cup of chicken stock and stir into the bread and vegetables . if the mixture is too dry to scoop , add the additional stock . place a heaping 1/4 cup stuffing into each well of the prepared pan ; our muffin scoop is handy here . bake until set and crisp on top , 40 to 45 minutes . remove from the oven , brush the tops with butter , cool in the pan for 5 minutes , then turn out and serve . yield : 12 stuffing cups .




za'atar monkey bread with garlic and onion labneh

these fluffy herbed balls of bread come courtesy of blogger molly yeh and her book , molly on the range . they 're both comforting and delightful , almost like a savory doughnut hole . a heaping pile of garlic and onions is folded into labneh for a dip that 's reminiscent of the onion-y chip dip of your youth .

bread

1 batch molly 's basic challah , prepared through the first rise
28 g unsalted butter , melted
89 g za'atar spice blend


garlic and onion labneh

227 g labneh or whole-milk plain greek yogurt
4 cloves garlic , peeled and minced
64 g finely chopped red onion
1/4 teaspoon ground sumac , optional
kosher salt
black pepper
olive oil , for drizzling

preheat the oven to 375°f . grease a 12-cup bundt or tube pan . to make the bread : divide and roll the dough into 24 golf ball-sized pieces . dip them in the melted butter and roll in the za'atar to coat evenly , then pile them into the prepared pan . cover and let rise for 30 minutes . uncover the bread and bake it for 30 to 40 minutes , until its internal temperature reaches 190°f . begin checking for doneness at 30 minutes . let cool for 20 minutes in the pan on a rack , then tilt the bread out of the pan onto the rack to cool a bit more before serving . to make the labneh : in a medium bowl , combine the labneh , garlic , onion , sumac ( if using ) , and a sprinkling of salt and pepper . drizzle with olive oil and serve with the monkey bread . store any bread leftovers at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage . refrigerate labneh in an airtight container for up to a week .




italian sub rolls

crispy outside , soft and a little chewy inside , these are the perfect vehicle for two fisted sandwiches with juicy fillings .

overnight starter

85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g lukewarm water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

2 teaspoons instant yeast
152 g lukewarm water
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

glaze

1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon water

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small bowl , cover , and let rest at room temperature overnight . combine the starter and the remainder of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead by hand , or using a stand mixer , to make a smooth dough . it wo n't be particularly soft nor stiff ; it should be smooth and feel bouncy and elastic under your hands . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or other container . cover it , and let it rise at room temperature until it 's very puffy , about 90 minutes , turning it over and gently deflating it after 45 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface . divide it into six pieces . roll the pieces into cylinders , 4 1/2 '' in length . flatten the cylinders slightly ; dough rises more in the center , so this will give a gently rounded top versus a high top . place the loaves on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover and let rise until almost doubled , about 45 minutes . while they 're rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . brush the rolls with the egg white mixture . bake for 20 to 25 minutes , or until the internal temperature reaches 190°f . remove the rolls from the oven and transfer them to a rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 6 rolls .




butterscotch apple sweet rolls

tender sweet rolls filled with tangy sweet apples and butterscotch make a warm , bright moment for any breakfast or a snack .

dough

227 g sour cream
28 g unsalted butter
99 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
57 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

57 g unsalted butter
454 g ( 1 1/2 pounds before peeling ) tart cooking apples , peeled , cored , and diced or coarsely grated
1/4 teaspoon salt
159 g brown sugar , light or dark
1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon
28 g instant clearjel or 14 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

glaze

170 g confectioners ' sugar
43 g to 57 g milk or cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients in your mixer or the pan of your bread machine set on the dough cycle . mix and knead until a soft , smooth dough is formed ; cover and let rise for an hour if using a mixer , or let the machine finish its cycle . to make the filling : while the dough is rising , melt the butter in a large skillet . add the apples and salt , and cook over medium heat for 3 minutes , until the apples begin to soften . combine the brown sugar , cinnamon , and clearjel or flour and sprinkle over the apples . stir until the apples are coated ; cook for 1 more minute . remove the pan from the heat and cool to room temperature . to assemble : grease a 9 '' x 13 '' or 15 '' square pan . after the dough 's first rise , spray your work surface with non-stick spray and roll the dough out to an 11 '' x 16 '' rectangle . spread the cooled apple filling over the dough , leaving 1/2 '' bare along one long side . roll the dough into a log the long way ( starting at the side with filling ) ; roll gently to lengthen the log to 18 '' , if it has n't already lengthened itself . slice into 12 rolls , each 1 1/2 '' wide . place the rolls , cut side up , in the prepared pan . cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes while you preheat the oven to 350°f . to bake : uncover the rolls and bake for 28 to 30 minutes , until they 're puffy and golden brown . remove them from the oven and cool on a rack until lukewarm . to glaze : while the rolls are cooling , combine the confectioners ' sugar , milk or cream , and vanilla . drizzle over the lukewarm rolls , and serve . store any leftover rolls , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 12 rolls .




seeded sourdough boule

this sourdough loaf is enhanced with whole grains and a generous topping of seeds .

bread dough

170 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
227 g to 283 g lukewarm water*
361 g european-style artisan bread flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
26 g pumpernickel flour
74 g harvest grains blend
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
*sourdough starter can vary quite a bit in consistency . use enough water to make a soft dough .

topping

1 large egg white , whisked until frothy
11 g to 21 g artisan bread topping or your favorite blend of seeds

in a large mixing bowl , or the bucket of a bread machine , combine the fed sourdough starter and 1 cup of the water , mixing until smooth . add the remaining dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , bread machine , or food processor — until you 've made a soft dough , adding additional water as needed . note : if you 're using a bread machine , program for the manual or dough cycle . check the dough 's consistency after 7 to 10 minutes of kneading ; it should be smooth and elastic . adjust as necessary with additional flour or water . cover the dough in the bowl , and let it rise until it 's almost doubled , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface , and gently fold it over a few times to deflate it . shape it into a large round . cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let it rise until it 's very puffy , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . just before baking , brush with the beaten egg white . sprinkle with seeds . use a lame or a very sharp knife to make several slashes across the top of the loaf , asterisk-fashion . bake the bread for 20 minutes , then reduce the oven temperature to 350°f and continue to bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes , until the loaf is golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . store bread at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

need some sourdough starter to get started ? see our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch . or , if you 're looking for a head start , check out our classic fresh sourdough starter , a simpler path to fresh , ready-to-use sourdough starter .


seeded grissini with almond garlic dip

light , crunchy bread sticks rely on lower-gluten pastry flour for their texture , while a spanish-influenced combination of bread crumbs and almonds make a creamy dairy-free dip .

dough

397 g king arthur unbleached pastry flour
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional , but good
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
227 g water , lukewarm
25 g olive oil or garlic oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

1 large egg white whisked with 1 tablespoon water
35 g sesame seeds , toasted or plain , whole flax seeds , or the seeds/seed mix of your choice

almond-garlic dip

113 g white bread ( see `` tips '' , below . )
170 g to 227 g water , cold
113 g blanched slivered almonds , toasted until golden brown in a 350°f oven ( about 16 minutes )
up to 8 large , peeled garlic cloves , to taste ( see `` tips '' , below . )
heaping 1/2 teaspoon salt
78 g olive oil or garlic oil
2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar

to make the dough : mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a smooth , fairly soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl big enough to allow it to double in size , cover the bowl , and refrigerate overnight , or for up to 24 hours . remove the puffy dough from the refrigerator , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . pat it into a 20 '' x 5 '' rectangle , and brush with the beaten egg white . sprinkle evenly with the seeds . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) two large baking sheets . use a pizza wheel or baker 's bench knife or other sharp straight-edge to cut the dough into ½ '' strips . gently twist each strip , as though you were wringing out a towel , and place each strip on the prepared pan , leaving about ¾ '' between them . as you twist the strips , they stretch to about 10 '' long . for longer , thinner grissini , simply stretch them a bit more . tent the grissini with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow them to warm to room temperature and become a bit puffy . this will take about 3 hours . near the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the grissini for 30 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and place them on a rack to cool completely . to make the dip : combine the bread and water , and soak until bread is soft . place the bread , water , and remaining ingredients into the bowl of a food processor , and process until smooth . adjust seasoning , if desired . serve the grissini plain or with some almond-garlic dip . store the grissini , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days . store the dip , covered , in refrigerator for up to 5 days .

tips from our bakers

stale baguettes or another low-fat white bread are ideal.use garlic oil , and omit the fresh garlic , for the mildest possible garlic flavor .


irish raisin bread

this soft sandwich bread , studded with raisins , is our american take on `` fancy '' irish bread . while everyday irish bread is made with baking soda and whole wheat flour , ours has just a touch of whole wheat ; adds yeast to the leavening , and begins with an overnight starter , which improves flavor , texture , and keeping qualities . the raisins are a salute to american-irish soda bread , typically made with both raisins and caraway .

starter

113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour , organic preferred
113 g cool water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
32 g potato flour or instant potato flakes
50 g brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g butter
113 g lukewarm milk
170 g golden raisins , dark raisins , or a combination ; or currants

topping

1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
7 g confectioners ' sugar
14 g cold water

to make the starter : combine the flour , water , and yeast in a small bowl , mixing until all of the flour is moistened . cover the bowl , and let the starter rest overnight ( or for up to 20 hours or so ) , at room temperature ; it does n't need to be placed somewhere warm . it will expand and become a bit bubbly . to make the dough : combine the starter with everything except the raisins . mix and knead to make a smooth , soft dough . the dough will seem dry at first , but as you knead it 'll soften up . place the dough in a greased bowl or greased 8-cup measure , cover it , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's noticeably puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough . knead in the raisins ; your hands are the best tool here . shape the dough into a log , and place it into a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan with a large overturned bowl , or tent it lightly with greased plastic wrap . allow the dough to rise until it 's crowned about 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' over the rim of the pan , 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the bread . mix the cinnamon , sugar , and water , and brush it over the loaf . bake the bread for 20 minutes . tent it loosely with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , until it 's golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . wrap airtight , and store at room temperature for up to 5 days ; for longer storage , wrap well and freeze . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

we like to bake this bread for new year 's day . irish tradition designates january 1 `` day of the buttered bread . '' an old custom involved placing bread-and-butter sandwiches on the doorstep , to show that all within were well-fed — a talisman against famine in the coming year.why use a starter to make this bread ? it 's not sourdough , not particularly `` artisan ... '' we find that a simple overnight starter both enhances bread 's flavor and its keeping qualities ; the short amount of `` extra '' fermentation raises the bread 's acidity level just enough that it stays fresher longer . if you use currants instead of raisins , you 'll have a greater distribution of fruit throughout the loaf , due to currants ' smaller size . how about if you simply increase the amount of regular raisins , for more fruit in each bite ? we tried that , and found increasing the raisins slowed fermentation considerably , and also affected the bread 's final rise , due to sugar leaching from the raisins into the dough . it made a nice loaf , for sure ; but it was denser . if that 's what you 're after , use 2 cups raisins , and bake in a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan.omit the cinnamon topping , if desired ; it 's not critical , but adds a nice hint of spice . the topping amounts as written make more than enough ; we did it that way simply because it 's easier to measure a tablespoon each confectioners ' sugar and water than 1 1/2 teaspoons each . drizzle the excess over your morning oatmeal ! this bread makes a marvelous grilled cheese sandwich . slice bread , and spread one side of each piece with mayonnaise ( yes , mayo ; it makes a beautifully crisp , golden brown crust ) . top bare side ( no mayo ) of bottom slice with cabot seriously sharp cheddar and thinly sliced granny smith apple . top with remaining slice , mayo side out . fry slowly in a lightly greased pan , until bread is golden brown and cheese has melted .


jeffrey 's sourdough rye bread

the technique for this recipe is inspired by jeffrey hamelman 's book bread : a baker 's book of techniques and recipes . we love the bread for its full sourdough flavor and keeping quality . because of the high percentage of rye in this recipe , we suggest you familiarize yourself with this particular grain before getting your hands into the dough ; it can be a little finicky if you 're unprepared . additionally , you 'll need a stand mixer for this recipe in order to mix the dough as effectively and thoroughly as it needs to be mixed .

starter

152 g medium rye flour
113 g room-temperature water
about 21 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter

dough

128 g medium rye flour
149 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
170 g room-temperature water
1 teaspoon instant yeast or active dry yeast
7.4 g salt

to make the starter : mix all of the ingredients together in the bowl of an electric mixer . cover and let sit for 14 to 16 hours at room temperature . to make the dough : add the remaining ingredients to the bowl . using the dough hook , mix and knead for 3 minutes on first speed , and about 2 minutes on second speed ; the dough will be shaggy , and wo n't look kneaded . cover the dough and let it rest for 30 to 45 minutes ; it wo n't rise significantly . gently deflate the dough , shape it into a ball , and place it into a stoneware bread-baking bowl , or onto a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . cover the loaf and let it rise for 50 to 60 minutes in a warm place . preheat the oven to 450°f . uncover the loaf , and slash a cross onto the top , to allow for expansion . bake the bread for 15 minutes , then lower the oven temperature to 425°f , and continue baking for 20 to 30 minutes , until the loaf 's surface is golden brown . remove the bread from the oven and , after 5 minutes , transfer it to a rack to cool completely . the baked bread should rest for 24 hours before slicing , for best quality . store bread at room temperature , loosely wrapped , for up to 5 days or so ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf .




wild rice , cranberry , and cornmeal sourdough

this flavorful loaf needs no adornment . the wild rice affords it an earthy chew , with bright , tart-sweet dried cranberries for counterpoint . it 's a wonderful bread for any meal or time of day . adding yeast will shorten the rise times , but it is n't necessary if your starter is bubbly and very active .

227 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
227 g lukewarm water
1 teaspoon instant yeast or active dry yeast , optional ; to ensure rise if your starter is n't very active
138 g cornmeal , whole-grain preferred
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g cooked wild rice
1 teaspoon salt
113 g dried cranberries

in a large bowl , combine the starter , water , yeast , cornmeal , and flours . mix and knead for 5 minutes . cover and let rest for 20 minutes . knead in the cooked wild rice , salt , and dried cranberries . knead by hand for 6 minutes , or for about 3 minutes using a stand mixer . or place in a bread machine programmed to the dough cycle . cover and let rise for 45 minutes ( or let the bread machine finish its cycle ) . turn the dough out and fold it in thirds . return it to its container , cover , and let rest for 20 minutes . shape the dough into a round or oval and place , seam side up , in a basket or bowl lined with a damp tea towel heavily sprinkled with cornmeal . let rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours ; or cover and refrigerate overnight . one hour before you 're ready to bake , preheat the oven ( with a baking stone on the middle rack , if you have a stone ) to 475°f . if the dough was chilled overnight , take it out of the refrigerator before turning the oven on . set up a shallow , stovetop-to-oven pan or skillet with 1 '' of water in it . when the dough looks puffy ( it wo n't necessarily double in size ) , bring the pan of water to a simmer on the stove and place it in the oven below the baking stone . turn the loaf out of the towel onto a piece of parchment on a peel ( or onto a baking sheet , if you 're not using a stone ) . slash the top from end to end , 1/2 '' deep , with a sharp knife . slide the dough and parchment onto the stone . if you have a spray bottle , spritz the inside of the oven 5 or 6 times before closing the door . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until deep golden brown all over , and the center measures 195°f or higher when tested with a digital thermometer . the bottom will sound hollow when thumped . remove the bread from the oven and cool on a rack before slicing . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

for a taller loaf , the dough can be shaped into a log and placed , seam side down , in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' pan for its last rise and to bake .


irish soda bread cake

this sweet loaf , redolent of caraway and studded with raisins , is a delicious takeoff on irish soda bread . using pastry flour makes for a lighter , more tender cake .

478 g king arthur unbleached pastry flour
198 g sugar
18 g baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
227 g butter
2 large eggs
454 g milk
7 g caraway seeds
255 g raisins

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease a large , deep casserole dish , or a round soufflé dish ( 9 '' round x 3 '' to 4 '' tall ) . mix all of the dry ingredients in a large bowl . melt the butter , then cool it slightly . stir together the butter , eggs and milk in a large bowl , beating to blend the mixture . add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients . stir in the raisins and caraway seeds . spoon the batter into the pan . bake the cake for 1 hour , 10 minutes to 1 hour , 15 minutes , or until it tests done . remove the cake from the oven and let it cool completely on a wire rack . store the cake , covered , for up to five days at room temperature . freeze for up to 3 months .




broonie

this moist , `` tweedy '' loaf is descended from a traditional scottish oatmeal gingerbread . it 's equally delicious with a scoop of ice cream after dinner , or paired with jam and yogurt for breakfast .

149 g old-fashioned rolled oats
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g brown sugar , packed
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
113 g cold unsalted butter
3 large eggs
85 g molasses
227 g buttermilk
92 g diced crystallized ginger

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , whisk together the oats , flours , sugar , salt , ground ginger , and baking powder . work in the butter , mixing until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal . in a separate bowl , combine the eggs , molasses , and buttermilk . add this mixture to the dry ingredients , stirring until the batter is evenly moistened . stir in the diced ginger . pour the batter into the prepared pan . bake the bread for 65 to 70 minutes , until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean . remove it from the oven and cool on a rack . once the loaf is cool , turn it out of the pan and wrap well ; it 's best to wait overnight before slicing .




our favorite bread by hand and by machine

tender , moist sandwich bread is hard to resist . and this recipe gives you three options for making it : take your pick of mixer or food processor — or simply knead by hand . we love the way it 's shaped , with two tall pull-apart loaves in each pan .

454 g lukewarm water
142 g evaporated milk or whole milk
67 g vegetable oil , 76 g butter , or 65 g vegetable shortening
85 g honey or 50 g sugar
14 g salt
11 g instant yeast or active dry yeast
843 g to 960 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the bread by hand : combine water , milk , and the fat of your choice in a saucepan and heat until lukewarm . pour the warm liquids into the mixing bowl , and add honey or sugar , salt , yeast , and 2 cups of the flour . beat 2 minutes vigorously by hand . gradually stir in enough flour to make a dough that cleanly pulls away from the sides of the bowl . to knead the dough : fold the far edge of the dough back over on itself toward you . press into the dough , pushing away with the heels of your hands . repeat in a continuous rhythm . ( after each push , turn the dough about one-fourth of the way around . ) knead for 7 to 8 minutes , or until the dough is smooth , elastic , and springs back when you push on it . to make the dough in a mixer : dissolve the yeast and sugar or honey in lukewarm liquid in the bowl of your mixer , then add 7 cups of the flour , the fat , and the salt . use the flat beater to mix on low speed until the ingredients are thoroughly combined ; then switch to the dough hook and knead for about 5 minutes on medium speed , adding additional flour if necessary to make a smooth , soft dough . to make the bread in a food processor : check the capacity of your food processor , and divide the recipe if necessary . using the plastic dough blade , dissolve the yeast and sugar or honey in lukewarm liquid in the bowl of your processor . add the flour , fat , and salt . process for 60 seconds . if the mixture has n't formed a ball , gradually add more flour until it does . process for a total of 90 seconds ; if you work the dough longer than this it becomes too hot . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turning it over to grease the entire surface . cover the bowl and set it in a warm place . let the dough rise 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . lightly grease three 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans . turn the dough out and divide it into six pieces . round each piece into a ball , and place two in each bread pan . cover lightly and let rise until puffy , about 45 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat your oven to 375°f . bake the bread for about 35 minutes , or until it 's golden , smells fragrant , and has an internal temperature of 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pans , and cool on a rack . bread will keep on the counter for up to 5 days , or in the freezer for up to 3 months .




peter reinhart 's super sprout bread

chock full of easy-access nutrition , pair this bread with your favorite jam , and you have an ideal choice for healthy breakfast toast .

454 g sprouted wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
340 g lukewarm water*
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
*you 'll need to use 1 to 2 tablespoons less water in summer and 1 to 2 tablespoons more water in winter .

mix and knead together all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough is cohesive . if you 're using a stand mixer , knead at low speed for 6 to 8 minutes . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 60 to 90 minutes , depending on the warmth of your kitchen and how you 've kneaded the dough ; dough kneaded by machine will rise faster and higher than dough kneaded by hand . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . shape the dough into an 8 '' log and place the log in the prepared pan . cover the pan loosely with greased plastic wrap , and allow the bread to rise for about 60 minutes , or until it 's crowned about 3/4 '' above the edge of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 375°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes . its interior will register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer when it 's done . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool it on a rack completely before slicing . yield : 1 loaf , 16 slices .

tips from our bakers

our thanks to peter reinhart for this recipe . peter is the author of artisan breads everyday , and peter reinhart 's whole grain breads ; he 's also the host of pizzaquest.com . contact peter at peter @ pizzaquest.com .

for a touch of sweetness , add 2 tablespoons ( 7/8 ounce ) brown sugar.for a softer crust , run a pat of butter over the surface of the bread when it comes out of the oven . alternatively , you may enhance the richness of the dough by adding 2 tablespoons ( 1 ounce ) of butter or oil ( 7/8 ounce ) .


sopa paraguaya ( paraguayan cornbread )

paraguayan cornbread is a dense , very moist , flavorful dish that is occasionally prepared using the drippings from a roast chicken , much like a yorkshire pudding is made with beef fat . lacking a chicken or beef drippings , butter and oil stand in as substitutes in this hearty dish , which can accompany chili , stews and soup on a cold winter night . it 's also a nutritional powerhouse : one serving has practically all the whole grains you 're supposed to be getting per day , there 's lots of protein from the cheese , and with a couple of minor tweaks it can be made with very little cholesterol .

14 g unsalted butter
11 g corn or vegetable oil
156 g diced onion
35 g each diced red and green pepper
206 g whole cornmeal
227 g milk
25 g granulated sugar
113 g low-fat cottage cheese
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon pepper
2 teaspoons baking powder
184 g fresh or frozen corn kernels
113 g monterey or pepperjack cheese , grated

preheat the oven to 375°f . grease a 9 '' x 9 '' pan that 's at least 2 '' deep , or a shallow 2-quart casserole dish . in a medium skillet over medium heat , melt the butter and pour in the oil . add the onions and cook until translucent , stirring occasionally . add the peppers and cook for 1 more minute . remove from the heat and cool to room temperature . in a large bowl , combine the cornmeal and milk . stir in the sugar , cottage cheese , eggs , salt , pepper , and baking powder . stir in the corn kernels and cooled onion mixture . stir in the cheese , and then transfer the batter to the prepared pan . bake for 40 to 45 minutes , until the center does n't wobble when lightly touched with your finger . remove from the oven , serve warm . store , well-covered in the fridge for up to 5 days .




easy focaccia for panini

somehow a panini sounds so much more sophisticated and appealing than a flat bread sandwich — and the focaccia used for the bread is really no more difficult to make than any other ordinary loaf . make the bread , cool it , and fill it with thinner layers of meats or veggies with cheese . grill in a panini press , or use the old grilled cheese pan , and slowly sauté the sandwich with a plate or weight on top to meld the sandwich together .

340 g pastry flour blend ( see `` tips , '' below . )
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g olive oil
340 g warm water
1 teaspoon baking powder

combine all of the ingredients , beat for 5 minutes with an electric mixer set at medium speed , and let rest at room temperature , covered , for 1 hour , or until it 's bubbly . lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . scoop the batter into the pan , cover the pan , and let the dough rise for 1 hour , until it looks bubbly . preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the focaccia for 25 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . remove focaccia from the oven , remove it from the pan , and let it cool on a wire rack . to make panini , cut focaccia into squares , slice , add fillings , and grill . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 4 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

if desired , use our all-purpose flour , increasing the water by 2 tablespoons.sprinkle focaccia with freshly grated parmesan cheese , coarse salt , and/or fresh rosemary about 5 minutes before the end of the baking time , if desired .


ham and cheese buns

a hearty , savory treat with soup , salad , or on its own . these buns disappeared from our kitchen as quickly as warm chocolate chip cookies !

333 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk
28 g vermont cheese powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 large eggs
57 g lukewarm water
57 g butter
142 to 213 g diced ham
113 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese

mix , then knead together all of the ingredients except the ham and cheese , making a dough that 's smooth and resilient . knead in the ham and cheese . gather the dough into a ball and place it in a greased bowl . cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 1 hour , or until it 's noticeably puffy . gently deflate the dough and divide it into 7 pieces . shape each piece into a ball . place the dough balls in a lightly greased 1 ½-quart baker or 9 '' round cake pan . cover the pan and allow the dough to rise until puffy , 30 minutes to 1 hour . near the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 325°f . bake the buns for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting after 20 minutes to prevent over-browning . remove them from the oven , turn them out of the pan , cool completely , and serve . yield : 7 buns .




in search of the perfect rustic loaf

we 've all had it at least once . it has a crisp crust , a chewy interior , large , irregular holes and a slight tang . when toasted , it soaks up butter like nobody 's business . in short , it 's leavened perfection . french bakers lionel and max poilane have mastered this bread . the rustic bread has become upper crust , but its roots are peasant . its many names reflect this : rustic bread , farm bread , country bread , pain de campagne and hearty country loaf . although it requires time , this bread thrives on long periods of `` neglect '' , making it ideal for busy farm ( and city ) kitchens . but can this bread be made in the bread machine ? we were n't sure until good friend and freelance food writer marcy goldman , sent us a recipe she 'd developed for her bread machine . after following her formula and tasting her delicious rustic loaf , we concluded that this bread can indeed be made with the help of a bread machine . watching friend and local restaurateur rebecca cunningham turn out her near-perfect , poilane-inspired loaves by hand made us even more eager to take up the challenge of making a bread machine version . so , with thanks to marcy , and after experimenting with different proportions of liquid to flour , as well as alternate rising and baking methods ( which you 'll find detailed in the notes at the end ) , here 's a loaf the poilane family would be proud of .

the sponge ( begin the night before )

227 g cool water
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
142 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
14 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
7 g yellow cornmeal
11 g semolina flour

the dough

227 g cool water
18 g kosher salt
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
419 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

to make the sponge : place all of the sponge ingredients in the bucket of your bread machine . program the machine for dough or manual , press start , and let the machine run until everything is thoroughly combined . close the lid , cancel the machine , and let the sponge rest at room temperature overnight , or for 8 to 12 hours . the next day , add all of the dough ingredients to the sponge in the bucket . program your machine for dough or manual , and press start . as the dough begins to mix it should form first a soft mass , then eventually a ball that 's soft , but not overly sticky . adjust with additional flour or water as necessary . when the cycle is complete , remove the dough from the machine . cover it and let it rest for 30 minutes . if you want to leave the dough all day , place it in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and refrigerate it . when you 're ready to work with it , deflate the dough gently and form it into a round ball , place the ball , seam side-down , on a cornmeal-dusted baking sheet . cover the dough lightly . let it rise a second time until it 's puffy and about 30 % to 40 % larger , about 1 hour ( or longer , if the dough has been refrigerated ) . do n't let it rise too much , since it rises some more in the oven and , if it 's over-proofed initially , it 'll collapse as it bakes . preheat the oven to 475°f . make several 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' slashes or crosshatches in top of the loaf . using a clean plant mister , spritz the loaf with water . spray some water into the oven , and place the bread on the lowest rack . spritz the oven walls every few minutes for the first 15 minutes of baking . lower the heat to 425°f ( this reduction in heat mimics the `` falling oven '' used by brick-oven bakers , and will give your bread an incredible crust ) , and continue to bake until well-browned , about 35 minutes . the interior temperature of the bread should register at least 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store , cut side down , on a counter ( do not cover ) . yes , this really works ; your bread will remain fresh but not soggy for several days . ( see `` tips , '' below ) .

tips from our bakers

for an even chewier bread with larger , more irregular holes , try increasing the amount of water in the dough 's second stage by 1/4 to 1/2 cup . add 1/4 cup initially , then take a look at the dough while it 's in its second kneading cycle . your goal is to create a dough that 's very wet and slack , but will still hold its shape when formed into a free-form loaf . add additional water if it looks as though the dough can absorb it and still remain firm enough to be workable . this bread is an ideal candidate for a linen-lined banneton , which will hold and shape it as it rises and , because of the moisture-drawing qualities of the linen , help produce a chewy crust.try putting your risen loaf into the oven without slashing it first ; it 'll develop its own natural split , producing a more rustic-looking loaf.for a thick , brown , chewy bottom crust , try baking the bread in the oven in a preheated cast iron skillet , or on a baking stone . for a crisper crust , allow the loaf to cool in the oven . when the bread is done , turn off the oven and crack the door open a couple of inches , leaving the loaf inside.store crusty hearth loaves uncovered , but with their cut side down on the counter . this is one of the best tips we 've come across in some time . though this does n't work on baguettes , rolls , or other small loaves , it works beautifully on big boules or free-form loaves . the moisture in the bread 's interior gradually migrates to the surface , but since the cut side is covered , it ca n't escape there ; instead , it must navigate its way through the thick crust , a much slower process . this keeps the bread 's interior soft , and the crust hard and crunchy .


mardi gras king cake

this moist , tender , buttery yeast bread , lightly sweetened then drizzled with vanilla glaze , sprinkled with colored sugars , and sometimes crowned with candied cherries , is a traditional new orleans favorite . served beginning on epiphany , or twelfth night ( january 6 ) , it 's enjoyed right on through mardi gras , a sweet symbol of this festive season . the sugars decorating the top of the cake mirror the color scheme of many a mardi gras parade float : gold ( yellow ) for power , green for faith , and purple for justice . originally king cake was a rather plain bread whose flavor was almost all in its sweet toppings . beginning in the late 1980s , however , customers began to demand something a bit more special . these days , most king cakes are made with rich , brioche-like dough , and filled , most often with cream-cheese filling . while we give that version here , feel free to dream up your own filling : other new orleans favorites include butter/cinnamon/sugar ; almond ( see `` tips , '' below ) ; various kinds of fruit ; chocolate , and praline .

113 g butter , melted
170 g lukewarm milk
2 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g granulated sugar
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dried milk
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or lemon oil , or 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind

filling

227 g cream cheese
99 g granulated sugar
25 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg , lightly beaten
2 teaspoons vanilla extract or 1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or lemon oil

icing

227 g confectioners ' sugar
pinch of salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons + 1 to 2 teaspoons milk , enough to make a thick but pourable glaze

garnish

yellow , purple , and green fine sparkling sugars
candied red cherries ( optional )

lightly grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment . to prepare the dough : using a stand mixer , electric hand mixer , or bread machine , mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together to form a smooth , very silky dough . you may try kneading this dough with your hands , if desired ; but be advised it 's very sticky and soft . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 hour . it 'll become puffy , though it probably wo n't double in size . transfer the soft dough to a lightly greased work surface . pat and stretch it into a 24 '' x 6 '' rectangle . this wo n't be hard at all ; it 's very stretchy . let the dough rest while you prepare the filling . to prepare the filling : beat together the cream cheese , sugar , and flour until smooth , scraping the bowl once . add the egg and flavor , again beating until smooth . dollop the filling down the center of the long strip of dough . then fold each edge up and over the filling until they meet at the top ; roll and pinch the edges together , to seal the filling inside as much as possible . do n't worry about making the seal look perfect ; it 'll eventually be hidden by the icing and sugar . place the log of dough onto the baking sheet . the dough will be very extensible , i.e. , it 'll stretch as you handle it . so pick it up and position it on the pan quickly and gently . pinch the ends together . cover and let rise for about an hour , until it 's puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f while the dough rises . whisk the reserved egg white with 1 tablespoon water , and brush it over the risen cake . bake the cake for 20 minutes , then tent it lightly with aluminum foil . bake it for an additional 30 minutes , until it 's a rich golden brown . remove the cake from the oven . after about 15 minutes , transfer it from the baking sheet to a rack to cool . to make the icing : beat together all of the icing ingredients , dribbling in the final 2 teaspoons milk until the icing is thick yet pourable . pour the icing over the completely cooled cake . while it 's still sticky , sprinkle with alternating bands of yellow , purple , and green sugars . space candied cherries in a ring around the top . yield : 1 loaf , about 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

feeding a crowd for mardi gras ? to make a larger cake , double the recipe . form a long , narrow , 48 '' x 6 '' rectangle , and dollop the filling down the center of the dough . fold each edge up and over the filling until they meet at the top ; roll and pinch the edges together to seal the filling inside as much as possible . shape the log into an oval , seam side down , on a large , lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , pinching the ends together . proceed with the recipe as written.to make an almond-filled king cake : crumble 1 cup ( 10 ounces ) almond paste into a large bowl with 4 tablespoons softened butter and 1 teaspoon almond extract . beat until the butter is incorporated . add 1/2 cup baker 's special sugar ( superfine sugar ) or granulated sugar , and 2 cups fresh soft white bread crumbs . mix until evenly distributed ; the mixture will be very stiff , but moist . after rolling out your dough , pat and spread the filling over the surface , leaving a 1 '' margin along the long edge closest to you . brush the bare edge of the dough with water , and starting with the covered long edge , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seam closed . proceed with the recipe as written .


hazelnut pain au chocolat

these soft , lightly sweetened rolls harbor a secret : dark chocolate , hidden in their centers . pain au chocolat ( chocolate bread ) , a soft , chocolate-filled yeast roll that 's a favorite after-school or morning treat in france , is given a twist here by adding a hint of hazelnut flavor . leave out the hazelnut if you like , and make them purely vanilla and chocolate — nothing wrong with that !

dough

255 g lukewarm water
50 g sugar
71 g butter
1 to 1 1/4 teaspoons strong hazelnut flavor or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
113 g king arthur 100 % organic whole wheat flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
43 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
32 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

113 g to 227 g pain au chocolat sticks ( see `` tips '' , below . )

topping

64 g sparkling white sugar
1/2 teaspoon hazelnut flavor or 7 g vanilla extract

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise at room temperature , covered , for about 90 minutes . it 'll become puffy , but wo n't double in size . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into four equal pieces . working with one piece at a time , flatten/roll the dough into a 13 1/2 '' x 4 '' rectangle . stack two chocolate sticks atop one another ( making a double-thickness stick ) . if desired , use a single stick instead . place the stacked sticks lengthwise along the top long edge of the dough , spacing them about 3/4 '' in from one end . take another two sticks , and place them next to the first two along the top edge of the dough , leaving about 1 1/2 '' between the two stacks . repeat with another two sticks ; you 've now lined up three sets of chocolate sticks across the top long edge of your dough . roll the dough lengthwise , enclosing the sticks . pinch the lengthwise seam closed , and pinch both ends closed . use a sharp knife or baker 's bench knife to cut the strip of dough into three pieces , cutting between the chocolate bars ; you can feel with your fingers where to cut between the bars . pinch the ends of each roll to seal , and roll them under your fingers to smooth them out . you now have three rolls with chocolate sticks sealed inside . repeat with the remainder of the dough and chocolate sticks . for soft-sided , pull-apart rolls , place them in a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan . for free-standing individual rolls , place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving about 1 ½ '' between them . cover the rolls with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and let rise for 90 minutes . they wo n't double in size , but will become puffy . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) about 15 minutes before the rolls are done rising , preheat your oven to 350°f . combine the coarse sugar and hazelnut or vanilla in a closed container , and shake to distribute the flavor . brush each roll with a little milk or cream , and sprinkle with the flavored sugar . bake the rolls for 25 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and after 5 minutes transfer them to a rack to cool . serve warm . the chocolate will harden as the rolls cool ; so if you want to serve rolls later , and still enjoy melting chocolate in the center , reheat them briefly ( about 15 seconds in the microwave ) just before serving . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

we like the added color and flavor organic whole wheat gives these rolls , but leave it out and substitute unbleached all-purpose flour , if desired.substitute any dark chocolate bar , if desired , cut into pieces about 3 '' long x 1/2 '' wide by 1/4 '' thick.save those clear plastic covers that you get when you order a party platter or large deli tray from the supermarket . they make great proof covers ! use them to cover your pan of rising dough just like they covered your tray of cheese and cold cuts or appetizers .


vermont maple oatmeal bread

whole grains and maple give this aromatic loaf its rich color . toast it to bring out the subtle maple flavor . read our blog about this bread , with additional photos , at flourish .

dough

198 g hot water
50 g old-fashioned rolled oats
78 g real maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon maple flavor
57 g butter
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
85 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

water , to brush on crust
2 to 3 teaspoons maple sugar , for sprinkling

in a large mixing bowl , combine the water , oats , maple syrup , maple flavor , butter , salt , and cinnamon . let cool to lukewarm ; this will happen naturally as you stir . add the flours and yeast , stirring to form a rough dough . knead ( about 10 minutes by hand , 7 minutes by machine , or on the dough cycle in the bread machine ) , enough to make a nicely springy dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or large ( 8-cup ) measuring cup , cover the bowl or cup with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 60 to 90 minutes . it should become very puffy , and just about double in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and set the loaf aside to rise till it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan , about 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . gently brush the top of the risen loaf with water , and sprinkle with maple sugar . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting with foil after about 15 minutes to prevent over-browning . the interior of the fully baked loaf should read 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . allow it to cool fully before slicing .

tips from our bakers

want to substitute artificial maple syrup ( pancake syrup ) for real maple syrup ? use 1/3 cup syrup , and 3/4 cup water . your bread wo n't rise as high , nor taste as maple-y , but it 'll be ok .


gluten-free apple bread

this is a loaf with so much flavor , folks wo n't know ( or care ) that it 's gluten-free . if you choose to dress it up with raisins , nuts , or dried cranberries , add another 1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum .

bread

266 g king arthur gluten-free flour
99 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
14 g whole flax meal
1 tablespoon cinnamon
113 g unsalted butter , softened
3 large eggs
1 tablespoon boiled cider or apple juice
283 g peeled , cored , coarsely grated apple

glaze

57 g confectioners ' sugar
14 g to 28 g heavy cream or milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan , a 12 '' x 4 '' tea loaf pan , or a pain de mie pan ( you 'll get a higher loaf in this one ) . to make the bread : measure the flour , sugar , salt , baking powder , xanthan gum , flax meal , and cinnamon into your mixing bowl . gradually add the butter , mixing at low speed . mix until the butter is evenly dispersed and the mixture looks crumbly . add the eggs , boiled cider , and grated apple . beat the mixture at medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes , until the paddle or beaters leave some tracks in the batter . scrape the bowl , mix for another 15 seconds , and transfer the batter to the prepared pan . smooth the top of the loaf with a spatula to make a pleasing shape . bake the bread for 65 minutes ; check the color of the top after 40 minutes and tent with foil if necessary . when the center of the bread measures 210°f when measured with a digital thermometer , it 's done . remove the bread from the oven and place the pan on a rack to cool for 20 minutes , before tipping the bread out of the pan and returning it to the rack to cool completely . to make the glaze : combine all the ingredients until smooth ; drizzle over the top of the cooled loaf . yield : 1 loaf , 16 slices .




chocolate caramel stuffed monkey bread

sweet vanilla yeast dough wraps around tiny bundles of chocolate chips and caramel pieces , then snuggles them together in a bundt or tube-shaped loaf of melted goodness . a rich butter/vanilla glaze completes this decadent special occasion treat . each diner gets to pull of sections of this bread , like little monkeys sharing the sticky , sweet confection .

sweet vanilla yeast dough

170 g lukewarm milk
57 g unsalted butter , melted
7 grams instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
50 g sugar
1 large egg
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling and dough topping

71 to 113 g chocolate chips
71 to 113 g caramel bits
57 g unsalted butter , melted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

butter vanilla glaze

28 g unsalted butter , melted
227 g confectioners ' sugar , sifted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
28 to 57 g heavy cream

prepare the yeast dough by hand , machine or on the dough cycle of your bread machine . the dough will be soft and smooth . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 45 to 60 minutes , or until full and puffy . gently deflate the dough and pat to an 8 '' x 10 '' rectangle . cut into 4 equal lengths , then cut each length into 10 pieces . taking one piece at a time , create a small well in the dough ball and add a few chocolate chips and caramel pieces . seal the dough into a ball and place in a well-greased 10-cup bundt pan or 10 ” tube pan . continue to fill and add dough balls to the pan until all dough is used . pour the melted butter/vanilla mixture over the dough and cover the pan with plastic wrap . allow to rise for an additional 45 to 60 minutes or until puffy . remove the plastic wrap and bake in a pre-heated 350°f for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown and crisp on the outside . turn the hot bread out onto a rimmed serving platter . allow to cool for 10 minutes . prepare the glaze by whisking the ingredients together until smooth and pourable , adding more cream if needed . pour over the bread and serve warm .




no-knead harvest grains bread

the strength and mellow flavor of multiple grains make this bread great for toasting , or for sandwiches stuffed with summer 's best produce .

390 g high-gluten flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or king arthur premium whole wheat flour
149 g harvest grains blend
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
397 g cool water

note : thanks to reader feedback , we 've re-tested this recipe and have incorporated some helpful tips to yield a lighter , higher-rising loaf . using your hands or a mixer at slow speed , mix all the ingredients until the flour has been incorporated and a sticky dough forms . continue to knead the dough gently for 2 to 3 minutes longer until it is somewhat smooth . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let the dough rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 8 hours ; it 'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit . turn the dough out onto a floured surface , and form it into a round loaf to fit a 9 '' to 10 '' round lidded baking crock . place the dough in the lightly greased crock , smooth side up . cover with the lid and let rise at room temperature for about 90 minutes . it wo n't appear to rise upwards that much ; rather , it 'll seem to settle and expand . put the bread in a cold oven , and set the oven temperature to 450°f . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes , until it becomes deep brown in color , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out onto a rack , and cool before slicing .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a lidded baking crock , bake the bread in a long covered baker following the same recipe directions . alternatively , bake the bread in a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan for 60 to 70 minutes.to add slashes to the bread , as pictured : once the loaf is risen , slash it three or four times on the diagonal , and re-cover with the lid . bake in a preheated 400°f oven for 40 to 45 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake until it becomes deep brown in color , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . if you have a dutch oven or bread baking crock that can be preheated ( like our bread and potato pot ) check out the method we use in this post from our blog .


spelt biscuits

spelt is an ancient strain of wheat that lends a slightly sweet and nutty flavor to baked goods . it 's used in many recipes as a blend with wheat for strength , but on its own , spelt makes a delicate bsicuit , pie dough , or cookie .

198 g spelt flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon ascorbic acid
1/2 teaspoon salt
50 g vegetable oil
113 g water

preheat the oven to 400°f . stir the flour , baking soda , ascorbic acid and salt together in a mixing bowl . blend in the oil with a pastry cutter until the mixture is crumbly . stir in the water until dough holds together . turn the dough out onto a spelt-sprinkled board and knead about 25 times . roll or pat the dough out until it 's about 3/8 '' in thickness . with a spelt-dipped biscuit cutter , cut out circles and place on a parchment-lined ( or ungreased ) baking sheet . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes . store any leftover rolls , well-wrapped , for up to 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

if you want to avoid re-rolling leftover pieces , cut into squares.this recipe is inspired by allergy cooking with ease by nicolette dumke .


gluten-free chocolate chip zucchini bread

this moist , dense bread , with its mild hint of cinnamon and assertive chocolate flavor thanks to the chips , is gluten-free — though you 'd never know it from its flavor or texture .

3 large eggs
113 g molasses or honey
99 g vegetable oil
71 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
312 g king arthur gluten-free flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
340 g shredded , unpeeled zucchini ( about 1 small/medium zucchini )
170 g chocolate chips
85 g chopped walnuts , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f ; lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large mixing bowl , beat the eggs , molasses or honey , oil , sugar , and vanilla until smooth . add the flour , salt , xanthan gum , baking soda , baking powder , and cinnamon , mixing until well combined . stir in the zucchini , chocolate chips , and nuts . let the batter rest for 15 minutes , then stir to redistribute the chips and nuts . pour the batter into the prepared pan . bake the bread for 65 to 70 minutes , until the loaf tests done ( a toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean , save for perhaps a smear of chocolate ) . remove the bread from the oven , and let it cool for 10 to 15 minutes before turning it out of the pan onto a rack . cool completely before slicing ; store well-wrapped , at room temperature . yield : one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

since gluten-free batter is thinner than standard batter , the chips and nuts tend to sink to the bottom of the loaf ; that 's why it 's important to let the batter rest and thicken for 15 to 20 minutes , then stir to redistribute the add-ins before pouring it into the pan and baking . another technique you can try is leave the chips and nuts out of the batter initially , then stir them into the top third of the batter once it 's been poured into the pan .


baby bagels

smaller , taller bagels are light-textured , perfect for toasting , and make a lovely snack-sized serving . high-gluten flour makes them extra chewy . read our blog about these bagels , with additional photos , at flourish .

starter

124 g sir lancelot hi-gluten flour
113 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter ( above )
227 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons salt
436 g sir lancelot hi-gluten flour
11 g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

water bath for steaming

about 907 g water
11 g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar

topping

everything bread and bagel topping , or poppy , golden flax , or caraway seeds , or the topping seeds of your choice , optional

to make the starter : combine the flour , water , and yeast in a small container , stirring till smooth . cover and let rest at room temperature for about 14 hours ( overnight ) , until bubbly and expanded . to make the dough : combine the risen starter with the remaining dough ingredients , mixing till you 've formed a shaggy , rough dough . knead the dough for about 7 minutes in a stand mixer . or knead it using the dough setting on your bread machine . it 's difficult to fully develop this dough manually , so we do n't recommend kneading it by hand . the well-kneaded dough will be fairly stiff and perhaps a bit shaggy . place the dough in a lightly greased container ( or leave it in your bread machine ) , and let it rise for about 90 minutes , till it 's puffy . while the dough is rising , pour water to a depth of about 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' into a large , deep skillet with a lid ; a 12 '' to 13 '' skillet is a good choice . add 1 tablespoon non-diastatic malt powder ( for best shine ) , or 1 tablespoon brown sugar . the malt wo n't dissolve ; that 's ok . it 'll be fine once the water is heated . place a round cooling rack , or vegetable steamer , into the pan . grease the rack or steamer with non-stick vegetable oil spray . if you do n't have a large enough skillet , use a canning kettle or or other wide-diameter pan . set the pan on the stove , but do n't turn the burner on yet . preheat the oven to 425°f . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 12 pieces . each piece will weigh about 76g ( about 2 5/8 ounces ) . round six of the pieces into smooth balls , rolling them beneath your cupped fingers on a non-floured work surface . ( a floured work surface wo n't give you enough traction for rolling . ) keep the other pieces covered with plastic wrap . working quickly , poke a hole in the center of each ball of dough , and twirl it around your finger to make a hole about 1 1/2 '' wide . as you move from one piece of dough to the next , the holes will shrink ; that 's ok . while you 're doing this , heat the water in the skillet or kettle to a gentle simmer . when you 've poked a hole in all six pieces of dough , place them on the rack in the skillet . turn the heat to high to bring the water to a full boil , cover the pan , reduce the heat to medium , and steam the bagels for exactly 2 minutes . while the bagels are steaming , line a baking sheet with parchment ( preferred ) , or lightly grease it . remove the lid , and use a spatula to very gently transfer the bagels to the prepared baking sheet . bake the bagels for 20 minutes . while they 're baking , get out the seeds you want to use ( if any ) . remove the bagels from the oven ; they should be a light golden brown . spray with quick shine ( for best seed adherence ) . or spray with water . sprinkle with the seeds of your choice . return the bagels to the middle shelf of the oven , and place another baking sheet on the shelf above , to shield them so the seeds do n't burn . bake for an additional 3 to 5 minutes , or until the bagels are golden brown . while the first batch of bagels is getting its final turn in the oven , ready the next batch : gently deflate the balls of dough , shape into rounds , poke holes , steam , and place on a pan . remove the first batch of bagels from the oven ; put the second batch in . cool the finished bagels on a rack , or right on the pan . when all the bagels are baked and cooled , store them airtight , at room temperature .




tuscan bread ( pane toscano )

this traditional tuscan bread is as simple as bread can be : it 's just yeast , water , and flour mixed together , kneaded , shaped and baked . why no salt ? see `` tips , '' below .

sponge

1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast or instant yeast
152 g lukewarm ( 110°f ) water
160 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

1 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast
301 g room-temperature water
450 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the sponge : the night before you want to make bread , combine the 1/4 teaspoon yeast , 2/3 cup warm water , and 1 1/3 cups flour . cover and let stand at room temperature overnight . to make the dough : the next day , combine the sponge with the dough ingredients . turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . place the dough in a well-greased bowl , turning to coat all sides , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface without punching it down or handling it roughly . gently form it into a large , round loaf by pulling all the edges underneath , gathering them and squeezing them together , leaving the top smooth . if you have a pizza baking stone , place the loaf on a sheet of parchment paper ; if you 're using a pan , sprinkle some cornmeal on the bottom of the pan , and place the loaf on it . cover with lightly greased plastic wrap , and set the loaf aside to rise until doubled , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 450°f . slash the top of the bread in a tic-tac-toe pattern . if you 're using a baking stone , use a peel to transfer the loaf , parchment paper and all , to the stone in the oven . otherwise , put the pan of bread into the oven . bake for 15 minutes , misting bread with water from a spray bottle three times during the 15 minutes . reduce the oven heat to 400°f . bake the bread 25 to 30 minutes longer , until it 's golden brown and its interior temperature registers about 200°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . enjoy it fresh within a day or so ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

because tuscans often eat their bread with very spicy main dishes , or top it with salty , strong-flavored meats or cheeses , it 's often salt-less . it 's very bland tasting by itself , so as not to interfere with other tastes it 's teamed with . unless you 're on a salt-free diet and are used to salt-less food , this bread probably wo n't taste very appealing to you , if eaten by itself . but pair it with a salty prosciutto or a strong parmesan cheese ; or broil it , then spread with olive oil and crushed garlic ; or eat it with a savory stew , and you 'll see why tuscans have baked and loved their salt-less bread for many centuries .


honey-oat pain de mie

this sandwich loaf , with its hint of sweetness from both honey and oats , is wonderfully moist and tender . and , since it bakes in a pain de mie pan ( pullman loaf pan ) , each slice is beautifully shaped , with an ultra-thin crust — ideal for kids . it slices easily for sandwiches and toast ; try it in french toast for a tasty twist on that breakfast favorite .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
85 g old-fashioned rolled oats ( not quick oats )
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
57 g melted butter
64 g honey
227 to 255 g lukewarm water*
*use the smaller amount in the summer , or in a humid climate ; the larger in winter , or in a drier climate .

combine all of the ingredients , and mix until cohesive . cover the bowl , and let the dough rest for 20 minutes , to give the oats a chance to absorb some of the liquid . then knead — by hand , stand mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , soft , elastic dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , or in an 8-cup measure ( so you can track its progress as it rises ) , and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it 's risen noticeably . it wo n't necessarily double in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a 9 '' log . place the log in a lightly greased 9 '' pain de mie ( pullman ) pan , pressing it gently to flatten . place the lid on the pan ( or cover with plastic wrap , for a better view ) , and let the dough rise until it 's about 1 '' below the top of the pan/lid , 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . remove the plastic ( if you 've used it ) , slide the pan 's lid completely closed , and bake the bread for 30 minutes . remove the lid , and bake for an additional 5 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . run a stick of butter over the top , if desired ; this will yield a soft , buttery crust . cool completely before cutting ; wrap airtight and store for several days at room temperature . yield : 1 standard loaf .

tips from our bakers

can you make this without a pain de mie pan ? yes . simply bake it in a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan instead of a pain de mie pan.how about making this recipe in a standard ( 13 '' x 4 '' ) pain de mie pan ? increase all the ingredients except the yeast by 50 % ; leave the yeast as is . bake the bread for about 35 minutes with the lid on , and 8 to 10 minutes with the lid removed .


pumpkin yeast bread

though pumpkin is available in cans all year long , we seem to associate this bread with autumn . it makes marvelous turkey sandwiches spread with cranberry jelly and lettuce or sprouts . because of the golden color , they also make especially festive dinner rolls for the holiday table . make half the dough into rolls , and the other half into a loaf for sandwiches , if you like .

2 tablespoons instant or active dry yeast
113 g lukewarm milk
2 large eggs
340 g puréed pumpkin , either fresh or canned
25 g vegetable oil
780 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g brown sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom

10/15/14 : as a result of reader feedback , this recipe has been amended as follows : 1/2 cup water has been omitted ; the milk has been reduced from 2/3 cup to 1/2 cup ; and the salt has been increased from 2 teaspoons to 2 1/2 teaspoons . in addition , the loaf pan size has been downsized to 9 '' x 5 '' ( from 10 '' x 5 '' ) ; and the oven temperature reduced from 375°f to 350°f . place all of the ingredients into a large bowl , and mix and knead — by hand , using a mixer , or in a bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , soft dough . put the dough into a lightly greased bowl . cover and let it rise until doubled , about 60 to 75 minutes . gently deflate the dough , and turn it out onto a lightly oiled work surface . divide it in half . shape each half into a loaf , and place in lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pans . alternatively , shape half into a loaf , and the other into 12 to 16 rolls , which can be placed into two 8 '' round pans , or into a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . or , simply shape all of the dough into 24 to 32 rolls . cover the pan ( s ) and let the loaves/rolls rise until almost doubled , about 45 minutes . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , or until its crust is a deep golden brown , and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers about 190°f . bake the rolls for about 20 minutes , until golden brown . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out onto a rack to cool . store completely cool bread or rolls well-wrapped , at room temperature , for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 2 loaves ; or 1 loaf and 12 to 16 rolls ; or 24 to 32 rolls .

tips from our bakers

substitute 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice for the ground ginger and cardamom , if desired .


toasted wheat bread

toasting grains , seeds or nuts brings out the flavors tremendously . you may give up a few nutrients when toasting , but the addition of bran , germ and soy will more than compensate .

sponge

680 g warm water ( 110°f )
21 g active dry yeast
25 g brown sugar
25 g canola oil
14 g wheat bran
35 g soy flour
28 g wheat germ
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

170 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons salt
about 241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

14 g wheat germ , optional

to make the sponge : in a large bowl stir the yeast into the water to soften . add the brown sugar , oil , wheat bran , soy flour , 1/4 cup wheat germ , and 2 cups unbleached flour . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . cover and let rise for 45 minutes . this is a sponge , and will be the consistency of cake batter . the mixture will be frothy and full of bubbles at the end of the rising time . while the sponge is rising , toast the whole wheat . put the whole wheat flour into a 10 '' skillet over medium-low heat . cook , stirring often with a whisk , until well toasted , about 10 minutes . the flour should be watched carefully to prevent scorching . set aside to cool . to make the dough : add the toasted flour and salt to the sponge . beat vigorously until well combined . gradually add the unbleached flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn the dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put the dough into an oiled bowl , turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover with a towel , and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans . turn the dough out onto a work surface . divide the dough in half . shape the dough into loaves . for each loaf sprinkle the work surface with 1 tablespoon of wheat germ . gently roll the shaped loaf around in the germ so that it becomes lightly embedded on all sides . place the loaves in the pans . cover the loaves with a towel , and let them rise until almost doubled , about 45 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the loaves for 30 minutes , or until the sides and tops are dark golden and the bread is firm when touched . immediately remove the bread from pans and cool on a rack . the loaves may be stored well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days , or frozen for a month .

tips from our bakers

this no-cholesterol bread is extremely low in fat and high in carbohydrates , too , as most breads are . about 85 calories per 1/2 '' slice .


sourdough pizza crust

sourdough pizza crust ? well , why not ? for one thing , this crust can go from quite sour to `` ca n't even tell it 's sourdough , '' depending on how recently you 've fed your starter . even the merest hint of tang comes across as rich flavor , which marries beautifully with the usual pizza toppings of tomato , cheese , veggies , and meat . we 've been looking for ways to use the `` extra '' cup of starter , the one you 're directed to discard with each feeding ; this is another good solution for you thrifty bakers who hate to throw anything away . new to sourdough ? find the help you need for all your sourdough baking at our sourdough essentials page .

241 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard
113 g hot tap water
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
4 teaspoons pizza dough flavor , optional but delicious

if any liquid has collected on top of your refrigerated starter , stir it back in . spoon 1 cup starter into a mixing bowl . note : this is a good opportunity to feed the remainder of your starter , if necessary . add the hot water , flour , salt , yeast , and pizza dough flavor . mix to combine , then knead until smooth and slightly sticky , about 7 minutes at medium speed using a stand mixer with dough hook . place the kneaded dough in a lightly greased container , and allow it to rise until it 's just about doubled in bulk . this might take 2 to 4 hours ; it might take more . a lot depends on how recently you 'd fed your starter ; a starter that 's been fed rather recently will react to the addition of flour and water more quickly than one that 's been neglected for awhile . for a faster rise , place the dough somewhere warm ( or increase the yeast ) . to slow it down , put it somewhere cool . for two thinner-crust pizzas , divide the dough in half , shaping each half into a flattened disk . drizzle two 12 '' round pizza pans with olive oil , tilting the pans to coat the bottom . place half the dough in each pan . cover , and let rest for 15 minutes . gently press the dough towards the edges of the pans ; when it starts to shrink back , cover it , and let it rest again , for about 15 minutes . finish pressing the dough to the edges of the pans . for a thicker-crust pizza , drizzle olive oil into a jelly roll pan ( 10 '' x 15 '' ) or half-sheet pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) , or similar sized pan ; or a 14 '' round pizza pan , tilting the pan to coat with the oil . shape the dough into a flattened disk or oval . place it in the pan , cover it , and let it rest for 15 minutes . push the dough towards the edges of the pan ; when it starts to fight back , cover it and let it rest for 15 minutes . finish pushing it to the edges of the pan . cover the pan , and let the dough rise until it 's as thick as you like . for thin-crust pizza made from fairly fresh starter , this may only be an hour or so . for thick-crust , using an old , little-used starter , this may take most of the day . there are no hard-and-fast rules here ; it all depends on the inherent vigor of your starter , and how you like your crust . once you make it a couple of times , you 'll figure out what time frame works for you . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 450°f . for a thicker crust , pre-bake the crust for about 8 minutes before topping . top , then bake until toppings are hot and cheese is melted and bubbly , about 10 minutes . for thin crusts , bake for 4 to 5 minutes , then top and bake for an additional 8 to 10 minutes , or until toppings are as done as you like . remove from the oven , and loosen the edges of the pizza with a table knife or heatproof spatula . carefully lift it onto a cooling rack ; you can serve it right from the pan , if desired , but a cooling rack helps keep its bottom crisp . serve hot .

tips from our bakers

be aware of some sourdough dynamics here . the less-used your starter , the more liquid on top , the more sour it 's likely to be ; using a starter that has n't been fed for weeks will yield a pizza crust that rises slowly , and tastes quite tangy . this type of crust is handy when you want to make dough in the morning , and have pizza ready for dinner . on the other hand , a starter that 's fed regularly will yield a less-sour crust , one that will rise more quickly . this is a great `` weekend '' crust , as you can shape it at 8 a.m. , and have pizza for lunch .


apple-cinnamon bread

this bread makes the most wonderful toast . it 's also very nice spread with cream cheese .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g apple nuggets or chopped dried apples
28 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver ( optional , but very helpful )
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
11 g instant yeast
43 g butter
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
227 g water

filling

113 g baker 's cinnamon filling ( see `` tips , '' below . )
43 g water

in a mini food processor or blender , combine 1/2 cup of the flour and all of the apple nuggets . process until apples are coarsely chopped . combine the apple-flour mixture with the remaining dough ingredients , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 hour . roll the dough into an 8 '' x 24 '' rectangle . mix together the filling ingredients , and spread it on the dough , leaving a 1 '' border . roll the dough up starting with a short edge , pinch the ends closed , and fit it , seam-side down , into a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . cover the pan , and allow the loaf to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned a scant 1 '' above the pan 's rim . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil after 20 minutes so that it does n't over-brown . remove bread from the oven , and allow it to cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

you may substitute your favorite cinnamon-sugar filling for the baker 's cinnamon filling and water .


flavored wraps

you do n't have to go the takeout route to enjoy wrap sandwiches ; flavored wraps are easily made at home .

138 g potato flour or potato flakes
361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g water
50 g vegetable oil
113 g spinach , puréed , or 1/4 cup tomato paste mixed with 57 g water
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast

whisk together the potato and bread flours . add the water and oil and mix well . add the remaining ingredients and stir until the mixture forms a ball . turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface and knead it until smooth and elastic . you may do all of this in your bread machine , if desired . program for manual or dough , and cancel after the first knead . refrigerate the dough for 1 hour ( or overnight ) . transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface . divide it into eight equal pieces . working with one piece at a time , round the dough into a ball , then roll it until it 's very thin , about 1/8 '' thick . dry-fry the dough rounds on a hot , ungreased griddle for about 2 minutes on each side . the dough may puff a little , but will become flat again as it cools . as each wrap finishes cooking , transfer it to a wire rack to cool , stacking one wrap atop the other to keep them soft and pliable . store the wraps in a plastic bag or airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days , or freeze them for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

fill the wraps with any kind of sandwich filling , including the traditional egg , chicken , tuna or ham salads ; a meat or vegetable-based stir-fry ; vegetables/meat/cheese ; hummus and chopped vegetables ... you get the picture . wraps are a wonderfully versatile , portable treat .


bavarian sugar cake

the following cinnamon-y , velvety yeast `` cake '' is drizzled with cream and sugar before baking — fattening but tasty . this cake is n't cloyingly sweet , but is very tender . serve it with coffee , at breakfast or as a mid-morning or mid-afternoon pick-me-up .

dough

113 g whole milk
113 g water
1 large egg
1 teaspoon almond extract
57 g unsalted butter
74 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g saf gold instant yeast

glaze

74 g sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
227 g heavy cream

place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for the dough or manual cycle , and press start . check the dough with about 10 minutes remaining in the final kneading cycle , and adjust the consistency by adding flour or water as needed . the dough should be fairly sticky and slack . when the machine has completed its cycle , remove the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured work surface . grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . press the dough into the prepared pan with your fingers , stretching it to cover the bottom of the pan . cover the pan with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise until it 's doubled in bulk , 30 to 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f . with two fingers , punch deep holes all over the dough . in a small bowl , combine the sugar and cinnamon . sprinkle it over the dough . drizzle the cream evenly on top . bake the cake for 25 to 30 minutes , or until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean . remove the cake from the oven , and serve it warm from the pan . store the cake , covered , at room temperature for 5 days or in the freezer for a month .




rye sourdough starter

are you a devoted rye bread baker looking to develop a rye starter for your sourdough rye recipes ? here 's a simple way to turn some of the discard from your current sourdough starter into a rye starter you can maintain and use for all your rye baking needs .

first feeding

57 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard
57 g room temperature water ( 70°f )
57 g organic pumpernickel flour


second and subsequent feedings

57 g starter from above
57 g room temperature water ( 70°f )
57 g organic pumpernickel flour

for the first feeding : combine the 1/4 cup starter with 1/4 cup room-temperature water and a heaping 1/2 cup pumpernickel flour ( organic preferred ) . place the starter in a nonreactive container . sprinkle a light coating of pumpernickel flour over the top of the starter and cover it . allow the starter to rise for 12 hours at room temperature ( 70°f ) . for the second feeding : keep 1/4 cup of your initial starter , the one you made 12 hours earlier ; discard or give away the rest . feed the 1/4 cup starter with 1/4 cup room-temperature water and a heaping 1/2 cup pumpernickel flour . sprinkle the top of the starter with pumpernickel flour and cover it . allow the starter to rise for 12 hours at room temperature . repeat feedings as above until the starter is rising well and has a pleasantly tangy odor . the more feedings you give it the better , as it takes a few days for the starter to completely establish itself as a rye starter . once the starter is rising well , you can refrigerate it for up to a week before feeding it again . feed your starter as above and allow it to sit out at room temperature for 2 hours before returning to the fridge .

tips from our bakers

if your rye starter has been stored in the refrigerator , be sure to give it two or three feedings at room temperature ( morning and evening ) before you plan to use it in a recipe . this will revive it and help achieve optimum rise and flavor in your bread . add your rye starter to a recipe after it 's been fed and is n't quite doubled in size . it will be domed on top , with islands of rye flour surrounded by cracks and crevices . this will likely take about 8 hours at 70°f , but everyone 's starter will be a little different .
you can substitute medium rye flour for pumpernickel , but pumpernickel flour is preferable . the starter will likely ferment more quickly with medium rye flour because it 'll be wetter . if you 've made jewish rye bread you can use the remaining rounded tablespoon of rye sour in place of the 1/4 cup of unfed sourdough starter in the first feeding , then proceed as above .


three-cheese semolina bread

with grated parmesan in the dough , and chunks of asiago and provolone studded throughout , this bread is a cheese-lover 's dream come true .

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
142 g semolina
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional
25 g garlic oil or olive oil
227 to 255 g lukewarm water
99 g freshly grated parmesan cheese
113 g diced provolone cheese , smoked or plain , mild or sharp
113 g diced or coarsely crumbled asiago cheese , mild or sharp

combine everything but the three cheeses , and beat on medium speed of an electric mixer to make a soft , smooth dough . it may or may not clear the sides of the bowl ; either way is just fine . switch to the dough hook , and knead for about 5 minutes . add the three cheeses , and mix until well combined . put the soft dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure , cover , and let rise for about 2 hours , till very puffy . lightly grease a 14 '' to 15 '' covered stoneware baker . or lightly grease a baking sheet , or line with parchment . sprinkle semolina into the pan , or onto the baking sheet . gently deflate the dough . for one long loaf , shape it into a 13 '' log , and place in the stoneware baker . for two loaves , divide the dough in half , and place both halves on the prepared baking sheet . tent lightly with greased plastic wrap ( or cover the stoneware baker with its lid ) , and let rise for about an hour , till noticeably puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . take the plastic off the bread . spray it with water , and use a sharp knife to make three diagonal slashes in each loaf . if you 're using the stoneware pan , leave the cover on . bake the bread for 30 minutes ; remove the cover , and bake for an additional 10 minutes , till the bread is golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 190°f to 200°f . if you 're baking smaller loaves , check to see if they 're done after 30 minutes . remove the bread from the oven , and take it out of the pan . if you 've baked in the stoneware pan , loosen the edges , and carefully turn the bread out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : 1 large or 2 smaller loaves .




whole grain pumpkin yeast bread

a tender bread , with a hint of spice and sweetness , great for toast or sandwiches . this dough would also make wonderful sandwich rolls or dinner rolls to go with your turkey dinner .

57 g water
53 g brown sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
227 g canned or pureed pumpkin
170 g king arthur whole wheat flour ( white or premium )
213 to 241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

combine the ingredients in the order listed , by hand , in your bread machine set on the dough cycle , or in your stand mixer . use the lesser amount of all-purpose flour to begin . mix and knead until the dough comes together , then touch lightly with your finger . if it 's very sticky , add the remaining 1/4 cup of flour , a tablespoon at a time , until the dough is soft and smooth , but not sticky . allow the dough a first rise of about 45 minutes , or let the bread machine finish its dough cycle . deflate the dough and shape into a loaf . transfer to a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan and cover lightly with greased plastic wrap . preheat your oven to 350°f . let the dough rise until the center crests 1 '' above the rim of the pan , then uncover and bake for 45 top 50 minutes until the center reads 190°f when measured with an instant-read thermometer . remove from the oven and tilt out of the pan . place on a rack to cool before slicing . yield : one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf , approx . 16 slices

tips from our bakers

test kitchen baker and recipe writer susan reid likes to include 1 tablespoon of non-diastatic malt to her pumpkin loaves for a hint of malty sweetness . give it a try ! this recipe was originally published in the fall/winter baking sheet 2014


apple-walnut fondue bread

these crusty baguette-style loaves are more crust than interior , making them perfect for dipping . dried apples and walnuts , kneaded right into the dough , pair beautifully with cheese fondue .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g rye flour ( white , medium , or pumpernickel ) ; or king arthur white whole wheat flour
283 g cool water
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
113 g coarsely chopped walnuts , toasted and cooled
53 g dried apple pieces

to make the starter : combine the flours , water , and yeast , stirring till fairly smooth ; the mixture will be thin . cover and let rest at room temperature overnight , 12 to 15 hours . combine the starter with the flour , salt , and yeast , mixing and kneading to make a smooth , soft dough . knead in the toasted , cooled walnuts and diced dried apples . note : to toast walnuts , bake them in a preheated 350°f oven for 8 to 10 minutes , till they 're very lightly colored . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure ( which makes it easy to track its rise ) , cover , and let rise for 60 to 90 minutes , till it 's nearly doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 3 pieces . working with one piece at a time , shape the dough into a log about 12 '' long . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough . place the logs in a lightly greased triple baguette pan ; or on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving a couple of inches breathing ( rising ) room between them cover , and let the loaves rise for about 1 hour , till they 're quite puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . make three long , diagonal slashes in each loaf . spritz with water . bake the loaves for about 25 minutes , till they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . yield : three 14 '' loaves .




molasses multi-seed bread

after much trial and error , here 's a reliable recipe for a moist , high-rising loaf that keeps well , slices easily and , of course , contains a hefty dose of molasses , as well as an interesting crunch from four kinds of seeds . a great bread with which to expand your toast repertoire ( try it in french toast sometime , too , for a more unusual rendition ) , it 's also delicious plain and untoasted . its rising time is a bit longer than usual for sandwich bread , but do n't rush it ; the wait is worth the end result , and that 's just plain good .

340 g warm milk , 105° to 110°f
227 g warm water , 105° to 110°f
57 g butter , melted and slightly cooled
227 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
482 g to 602 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1/8 teaspoon ascorbic acid
11 g instant yeast or active dry yeast
14 g salt
28 g sunflower seeds
25 g poppy seeds
25 g sesame seeds
25 g whole flax seeds
170 g molasses

combine — by hand or mixer — the milk , water , melted butter , white whole wheat flour and 2 cups of the bread flour in a large bowl . add the ascorbic acid , yeast and salt , and mix for 2 minutes . stir in the seeds and molasses . add the remaining bread flour gradually , until the dough has formed a smooth ball . turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface , and knead until the dough is smooth and elastic . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turning it so the top of the dough is coated with a thin film of oil . cover it with plastic wrap and let it rise until puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough onto your counter , divide it in half and shape each piece into a loaf . place the loaves in two lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans , cover with plastic wrap and let rise until the dough has just crowned 1 '' over the top of the pans , about an hour . preheat your oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center of the loaves registers 190°f . turn the loaves out onto a wire rack to cool completely . store on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

with so much molasses in this recipe , the ascorbic acid will help the dough rise .


sourdough starter

whether it conjures up a crusty , flavorful loaf of bread or a bubbling crock of flour/water starter , sourdough is a treasured part of many bakers ' kitchens . but where does the path to sourdough bread begin ? right in your own kitchen , with your own homemade sourdough starter . sourdough baking is as much art as science . the method you 'll read here for making sourdough starter is n't an exact match for the one you read on another site , or in a cookbook , or in your great-grandma 's diary . but it 's the tried-and-true method we use for making starter here at king arthur flour , and we feel you 'll have success with it .

to begin your starter

113 g whole rye ( pumpernickel ) or whole wheat flour
113 g cool water*
*see `` tips , '' below

to feed your starter

113 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g cool water ( if your house is warm ) , or lukewarm water ( if your house is cool )

day 1 : combine the pumpernickel or whole wheat flour with the cool water in a non-reactive container . glass , crockery , stainless steel , or food-grade plastic all work fine for this . make sure the container is large enough to hold your starter as it grows ; we recommend at least 1-quart capacity . stir everything together thoroughly ; make sure there 's no dry flour anywhere . cover the container loosely and let the mixture sit at warm room temperature ( about 70°f ) for 24 hours . see `` tips , '' below , for advice about growing starters in a cold house . day 2 : you may see no activity at all in the first 24 hours , or you may see a bit of growth or bubbling . either way , discard half the starter ( 4 ounces , about 1/2 cup ) , and add to the remainder a scant 1 cup king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , and 1/2 cup cool water ( if your house is warm ) ; or lukewarm water ( if it 's cold ) . mix well , cover , and let the mixture rest at room temperature for 24 hours . day 3 : by the third day , you 'll likely see some activity — bubbling ; a fresh , fruity aroma , and some evidence of expansion . it 's now time to begin two feedings daily , as evenly spaced as your schedule allows . for each feeding , weigh out 4 ounces starter ; this will be a generous 1/2 cup , once it 's thoroughly stirred down . discard any remaining starter . add a scant 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , and 1/2 cup water to the 4 ounces starter . mix the starter , flour , and water , cover , and let the mixture rest at room temperature for approximately 12 hours before repeating . day 4 : weigh out 4 ounces starter , and discard any remaining starter . repeat step # 6 . day 5 : weigh out 4 ounces starter , and discard any remaining starter . repeat step # 6 . by the end of day # 5 , the starter should have at least doubled in volume . you 'll see lots of bubbles ; there may be some little `` rivulets '' on the surface , full of finer bubbles . also , the starter should have a tangy aroma — pleasingly acidic , but not overpowering . if your starter has n't risen much and is n't showing lots of bubbles , repeat discarding and feeding every 12 hours on day 6 , and day 7 , if necessary — as long as it takes to create a vigorous ( risen , bubbly ) starter . note : see `` tips , '' below . once the starter is ready , give it one last feeding . discard all but 4 ounces ( a generous 1/2 cup ) . feed as usual . let the starter rest at room temperature for 6 to 8 hours ; it should be active , with bubbles breaking the surface . hate discarding so much starter ? see `` tips , '' below . remove however much starter you need for your recipe — typically no more than 8 ounces , about 1 cup . if your recipe calls for more than 1 cup of starter , give it a couple of feedings without discarding , until you 've made enough for your recipe plus 4 ounces to keep and feed again . transfer the remaining 4 ounces of starter to its permanent home : a crock , jar , or whatever you 'd like to store it in long-term . feed this reserved starter with 1 cup of flour and 1/2 cup water , and let it rest at room temperature for several hours , to get going , before covering it . if you 're storing starter in a screw-top jar , screw the top on loosely rather than airtight . store starter in the refrigerator , and feed it regularly ; we recommend feeding it with a scant 1 cup flour and 1/2 cup water once a week .

tips from our bakers

should you use bottled water ? unless your tap water is so heavily treated that you can smell the chemicals , there 's no need to use bottled water ; tap water is fine.why does this starter begin with whole-grain flour ? because the wild yeast that gives sourdough starter its life is more likely to be found in the flora- and fauna-rich environment of a whole-grain flour than in all-purpose flour.a note about room temperature : the colder the environment , the more slowly your starter will grow . if the normal temperature in your home is below 68°f , we suggest finding a smaller , warmer spot to develop your starter . for instance , try setting the starter atop your water heater , refrigerator , or another appliance that might generate ambient heat . your turned-off oven — with the light turned on — is also a good choice .
why do you need to discard half the starter ? it seems so wasteful ... but unless you discard starter at some point , eventually you 'll end up with a very large container of starter . also , keeping the volume down offers the yeast more food to eat each time you feed it ; it 's not fighting with quite so many other little yeast cells to get enough to eat . you do n't have to actually discard it if you do n't want to , either ; you can give it to a friend , or use it to bake . there are quite a few recipes on our site using `` discard '' starter , including pizza crust , pretzels , and waffles , and even chocolate cake .
one of our readers offers the following thoughts about the duration of everyday feeding , which we think is great advice : `` conditions vary so widely that 7 days can be far too little . i 've learned the key is to watch for a dramatic and consistent rise in the jar — at least doubling between 1 and 4 hours after feeding . this could be 7 days or less after you begin , or it could be three weeks ( for me it was 12 to 14 days ) . i would encourage you to consider tweaking your wording a bit to guide bakers to watch for this phenomenon , rather than watch the calendar . '' thanks , ken !
want to put your starter on hold for the summer , or as you go on vacation ? here 's how : drying your sourdough starter .


king arthur 's classic white sandwich bread

this signature white sandwich loaf , an updated version of king arthur 's popular walter sands basic white bread , is the `` go-to '' bread for breakfast toast , brown-bag pb & js , or a grilled-cheese-and-soup supper for many of us here at king arthur flour . just like king arthur flour itself , this bread is classic , reliable , and your best friend in the kitchen . and who was walter sands ? the sands family became associated with king arthur flour in 1820 , 30 years after the company 's founding . walter headed up the company from 1943 to 1968 , when his son , frank , took over as president . frank led an effort that made king arthur a national brand by the turn of the 21st century ; several years ago he and his wife , brinna , sold the company to us , the employee-owners . frank and brinna are still the inspiration behind king arthur 's long-time quest : to serve our community , do the right thing , and provide americans with the best flour in the world . we honor their legacy with this bread .

303 g to 340 g lukewarm water*
32 g honey
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
28 g soft butter
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk granules
*use the lesser amount in summer or humid climates ; the greater amount in winter or drier climates .

mix all of the ingredients in the order listed , and mix and knead — by hand , or using a stand mixer — to make a smooth dough . it wo n't be particularly soft nor stiff ; it should be smooth and feel bouncy and elastic under your hands . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , or large ( 8-cup ) measuring cup . cover it , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , till it 's become quite puffy , though not necessarily doubled in size . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a fat 9 '' log . place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' or 10 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and let the dough rise for 60 to 90 minutes , till it 's crowned 1 '' to 1 1/2 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 20 minutes . tent it lightly with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes , till it 's golden brown . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will read 195°f to 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out onto a rack to cool . when completely cool , wrap in plastic , and store at room temperature . yield : 1 large loaf , about 18 servings .

tips from our bakers

we call for a fairly wide range of water here due to two variables : how bakers measure their flour , and climate/season . flour is drier and will absorb more liquid in winter , and/or in a dry climate ; in summer or in a humid climate , it 's moister and will absorb less . so generally speaking , you 'll use more liquid in your bread in winter , less in summer . in addition , some bakers measure their flour by dipping the cup into the bag or canister , tapping the flour to pack it down , and leveling it off . the way we measure flour here at king arthur flour is to stir/aerate the flour , sprinkle it gently into the measuring cup , and level it off . if you 're of the scoop/tap/level school , which measures a `` heavier '' cup of flour , you 'll need to use more liquid . at any rate , for this recipe , start with a smaller amount of water and move up , if necessary ; it 's easier to add water than to take it out ! your goal is a dough that starts out a bit sticky , but as you knead becomes soft ( but not sticky ) and smooth , not `` gnarly . `` want to make this bread using a bread machine ? see our walter sands ' favorite bread — bread machine version .


challah

challah , sometimes spelled halla or hallah , is pronounced há la . this jewish bread is served on friday night for the sabbath dinner , and for holidays . the sabbath dinner is special and sacred ; the best ingredients are used for this meal . challah usually contains white flour and eggs , because this is considered `` the best . '' however , whole wheat or a combination of whole wheat and white might be used if you prefer . due to jewish dietary laws , meat and dairy products are not served together . therefore , the bread is traditionally made with water rather than milk , so it may be served with meat meals . the friday night challah is more than likely braided . it can be braided as fancy as its creator wants . challah for rosh hashanah ( jewish new year ) is typically round , but may also be found coiled , or in a symbolic circular braid .

dough

21 g active dry yeast
454 g warm water
50 g granulated sugar
46 g vegetable shortening
3 large eggs , room temperature
780 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt

glaze

1 egg
14 g cold water
18 g poppy seeds or sesame seeds , optional

in a small bowl , stir yeast into water to soften . in another bowl , cream sugar and shortening . add eggs and continue to beat until light and fluffy . add softened yeast and 4 cups flour . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . this is a sponge which has the consistency of cake batter rather than a bread dough . cover the sponge with plastic wrap and a towel . let rise for 30 minutes ; it should be light and full of tiny bubbles . stir the sponge to deflate it , add salt and enough flour , a little at a time , to make a kneadable dough . turn out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put dough into an oiled bowl , turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover and let rise until doubled , about 40 minutes . turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface . divide into thirds . shape each third into a 20 '' -long rope . lay the ropes side by side on a well-greased baking sheet . begin braiding in the center for a more balanced loaf . place right rope over the center rope ( right rope is now the center rope ) , then the left over the center , right over center , etc. , continuing until the ropes are too short to braid . pinch ends together and tuck under . to braid the other end of the loaf , turn it so the braided portion is at the top and the ropes are at the bottom . take the center rope and lay it over the right rope ( right rope now is the center ) , center rope over the left , until the ends are too short to braid . pinch ends together and tuck under . cover and let rise for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . beat egg with cold water to make an egg glaze . brush egg glaze lightly over braid . sprinkle with poppy or sesame seeds , if desired . bake for 45 minutes , or until the internal temperature of the braid reaches 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . immediately remove loaf from baking sheet and cool on a rack to prevent crust from becoming soggy . store , covered , on the counter for up to 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

braiding is n't that hard , and a video can clear up any confusion about the process . check out the link to watch how to braid a 3 strand loaf .


almond cracked wheat bread

the addition of almond paste gives this loaf a tender moistness ; it 's also a good complement to the nutty flavor of cracked wheat . the almond flavor is n't pronounced , but adds a delicate hint of sweetness .

255 g water
28 g unsalted butter
50 g almond paste ( see `` tips '' , below . )
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
110 g cracked wheat or bulgur
85 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
14 g nonfat dried milk
1 1/2 teaspoons regular instant yeast

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for basic white bread , and press start . check the dough after 10 to 15 minutes of kneading ; it should have formed a smooth ball , soft but not sticky . if necessary , adjust the dough 's consistency with additional flour or water . allow the machine to complete its cycle . store well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days , or frozen for 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have access to prepared almond paste , substitute 1/4 cup ( 1 ounce , 28g ) blanched slivered almonds ground to a paste with 1 tablespoon ( 3/8 ounce , 11g ) sugar.bread machines are terrific tools and there 's always a few tips to improve the experience . check out our blog post successful loaves from your bread machine to ensure a beautifully kneaded and baked loaf .


seedy sandwich bread with sprouted wheat

this no-knead sandwich bread is totally coated with seeds : top , bottom , and sides ! the crunch and flavor of the seeds contrasts nicely with the bread ’ s overall mild flavor and soft interior . our thanks to alexandra stafford of alexandra ’ s kitchen for this recipe .

dough

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g sprouted wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt or 1 1/4 teaspoons table salt
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
255 g lukewarm water
35 g vegetable oil or olive oil

seed coating

46 g mixed seeds : flax , millet , pumpkin , sunflower , sesame , poppy , chia , your choice

in a large bowl , mix together all of the dough ingredients to form a sticky dough ; don ’ t knead it , simply mixing is enough . cover the bowl and set the dough aside in a warm spot to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it ’ s doubled in bulk . grease an 8 1/2 ” x 4 1/2 ” loaf pan . spread a generous handful of flour over a clean surface . spread the seeds out on a rimmed pan . deflate the dough by releasing it from the sides of the bowl and pulling it toward the center . rotate the bowl quarter turns as you deflate , turning the mass into a rough ball . wet your fingers ( to prevent sticking ) , and transfer the dough to the floured surface . shape the dough as best you can into a ball and flatten it into a rectangle/oval ; it does n't have to be perfect . brush or spray the dough all over with water . roll it in the seeds to coat , and transfer it to the prepared pan . tent it lightly with greased plastic wrap . let the loaf rise until it crowns over the rim of the pan . be patient ; depending on how cool your kitchen is , this may take up to 90 minutes or so . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f with a rack in the center . uncover the bread , place it in the oven , and bake for 40 minutes , or until it ’ s golden . remove the bread from the oven and turn it out onto a cooling rack . let it cool for at least 20 minutes ( longer is better ) before slicing . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




asiago ciabatta

the nutty , mellow flavor of asiago cheese adds a kick to this traditional italian slipper bread . a well made ciabatta has a chewy crust and an open crumb .

biga ( starter )

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g pumpernickel , rye , or whole wheat flour
227 g water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
297 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g water
6 g pizza dough flavor ( optional )
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
113 g to 142 g asiago or parmesan cheese , cut into 1/4 '' dice , plus extra for grating over the top of the bread

to make the biga : mix all of the biga ingredients in a medium-sized bowl until well-blended . cover the bowl , and leave it at cool room temperature ( 68°f-70°f ) for 12 to 20 hours , until the biga is very bubbly . to make the dough : mix the biga and the remaining dough ingredients , except the cheese , using an electric mixer set on slow speed , for 2 to 4 minutes . increase the speed to medium and mix for about 4 minutes ; the dough should be soft and slightly sticky . add additional water or flour if necessary . mix in the cheese ; do n't worry if some pieces pop out . to make dough in a bread machine : add all of the ingredients and mix this dough on the dough cycle ; add the diced cheese several minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle . allow the dough to rise , in a greased , covered bowl , for 1 to 2 hours , until it 's very puffy . turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface , and shape it into two long loaves , about 12 '' x 4 '' inches each . place the loaves , floured side up , onto parchment paper ( if you plan to bake on an oven stone ) or baking sheets . cover the loaves with a proof cover or well-greased plastic wrap , and allow them to rise for 45 minutes , or until they 're very puffy . sprinkle them with additional grated cheese . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 450°f . bake the ciabatta for 22 to 26 minutes , until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , and cool on a rack . wrap well , and store for 2 days on the counter . freeze for up to 3 months .




tarte flambé

in the alsace region of france , this pizza-like bread , from master baker jeffrey hamelman , was born as a means of testing the heat of the wood-fired oven . if the pie baked quickly and well , the oven was ready for the hearth breads waiting to be baked after it .

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g king arthur unbleached pastry flour
1 teaspoon active dry or instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
283 g water

topping

113 g créme fraîche
1 large egg yolk
salt and pepper , to taste
pinch of ground nutmeg
227 g bacon , cut into 1 '' pieces or lardons
283 g thinly sliced red or white onion
chopped chives for garnish

to make the dough : in a large mixing bowl , combine all of the dough ingredients . mix and knead to make a smooth dough . cover the mixing bowl and let the dough rise for 1 hour . after an hour , deflate the dough , divide it in half , and shape each half into a ball . return to a greased bowl , cover , and refrigerate for 1 to 2 days . prepare the oven : place a rack in the upper third of your oven with a pizza stone on it . preheat the oven at 500°f for 1 hour . to make the topping : whisk together the créme fraîche and egg yolk . season with salt , pepper , and a pinch of nutmeg . in a large skillet , cook the bacon halfway , until it releases some of its fat . scoop out the bacon and drain on absorbent paper . add the onions and cook over medium heat , stirring occasionally for 5 minutes , until they soften and become translucent . remove from the heat , return the bacon to the pan , and set aside . to shape and assemble the pies : on a lightly floured surface , stretch the dough to a thickness of 3/8 '' , leaving a 1/2 '' -thick rim around the outside edge . sprinkle a pizza peel with semolina and slide it under the dough , or put the dough on a piece of parchment . spread half of the cream mixture over the dough , then sprinkle with half of the bacon and onion mixture . repeat the stretching and assembly process with the second round of dough . slide the assembled pizza onto the hot stone and bake for 13 to 15 minutes , until the onions are browned and the edge of the dough is caramelized . remove from the oven , sprinkle with chopped chives , and serve warm . store any leftovers in the refrigerator , well wrapped , for several days .




classic bialys

this recipe comes to us courtesy of philadelphia-based food writer , emily teel . she shared that when she thinks of her dad 's early adventures in baking , these bialys are what first comes to mind . chewy , with just the right amount of onion filling , they freeze and reheat well , too .

dough

843 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 3/4 teaspoons salt
1 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
510 g water

filling

1 medium onion , peeled and quartered
1 teaspoon poppy seeds
1/8 teaspoon salt
3 to 4 grinds fresh black pepper
14 g olive oil
farina or cornmeal for pans

to make the dough : combine the flour , salt , yeast , and onion powder in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a beater attachment . switch to a dough hook , add the water and mix until just combined , 1 or 2 minutes at low speed . stop the mixer , cover the bowl , and let sit for 20 minutes . after this rest , uncover the bowl and continue kneading at medium speed for 8 minutes , or until the dough is smooth and elastic . cover and refrigerate the dough ( in an oiled bowl if desired ) overnight for a slow , cool rise that will develop the dough 's flavor . next day , divide the dough into 12 pieces ( they 'll weigh just under 4 ounces each ) and round each into a ball . place on a lightly oiled baking sheet , cover with greased plastic , and let rise at room temperature for 1 hour , or until puffy . preheat the oven to 475°f . to make the filling : pulse the onion in a food processor until very finely chopped , but not liquid . mix in the poppy seed , salt , and pepper . heat the oil in a saucepan and cook the onion mixture for a few minutes over medium-low heat until the liquid cooks off and the onion is very slightly caramelized . remove from the heat and cool . to shape and bake : lightly sprinkle 2 baking sheets with farina or cornmeal . take each dough ball and stretch it into a bagel shape about 6 '' to 7 '' in diameter , without puncturing the center , and leaving a wide , flat indentation where the hole would be . place a few inches apart on the prepared baking sheets , 6 per pan . place a scant teaspoon of the onion filling in the indentation and spread it out with your fingers . do n't overfill ; a little goes a long way . bake for 8 to 10 minutes , until light golden brown . remove the bialys from the oven and serve warm ; or cool on a rack and save for toasting later .

tips from our bakers

resist the temptation to be generous with the onions : the moisture in them can keep the center of the bialy from cooking at the same speed as the edges , causing the center to puff up like a topknot .


walnut bread

a versatile , hearty loaf , perfect for a thanksgiving leftovers sandwich or toast for breakfast .

340 g warm water
11 g active dry yeast
170 g honey
50 g walnut or olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
723 g ( approx . ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g walnut pieces , toasted until lightly browned

dissolve the yeast in the water . add 1/2 cup of all-purpose flour and let sit for 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going . stir in the honey , oil , and salt . add the flour , a cup at a time , until the dough has formed a shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter . knead the dough , adding flour as necessary , to form a smooth and satiny ball . put the dough into a bowl and drizzle with a tablespoon of oil ; turn the dough to coat it with the oil . cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a damp towel . let the dough rise until it is puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . gently deflate the dough and knead in the walnuts . divide the dough in half and form each half into a ball . place on a baking sheet that has been lined with parchment or greased and sprinkled with cornmeal or semolina flour . cover the loaves with damp towels and let rise until swollen . this will take 30-45 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f ; the loaves will burn if the oven is too hot . sprinkle flour on top of the loaves , and use a serrated knife to slash a cross in the top of each loaf about 1 '' deep . bake the loaves for 35-45 minutes , until they are well browned and sound hollow when thumped on the bottom ; their internal temperature will measure 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . put the loaves on a rack to cool , and let sit for at least 20 minutes before cutting .

tips from our bakers

it 's the day after thanksgiving ( or in our house , a few hours after thanksgiving dinner ) , and thoughts turn to overstuffed turkey sandwiches . we like to pile on the turkey , stuffing , relish , and mashed potatoes ; the sauce from the creamed onions adds delectable richness and calories . you can mix equal quantities of leftover cranberry relish and mayonnaise to make a pretty and delicious sandwich spread . after all the hedonism of the day before , you have to ease your body back to normal eating habits gradually ! this sandwich demands a sturdy bread that wo n't fall apart when loaded with three inches of filling — our walnut bread is perfect . it also makes terrific toast for breakfast ; we enjoy it slathered with butter and honey .


spiraled wheat loaf

this striking visual combination of white and whole wheat bread is as tasty as it is attractive .

white dough

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
11 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
170 g water

wheat dough

170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
18 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter
25 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 tablespoon black cocoa , optional ; for color
1 1/2 teaspoons king arthur whole-grain bread improver
113 g water

egg wash

1 large egg , beaten , for sealing the layers of dough

prepare the white and wheat doughs separately , mixing and then kneading until smooth . allow them to rise for 1 hour . roll each piece of dough into a 12 '' x 12 '' square . brush the white dough with part of the beaten egg , center the wheat dough atop it , and brush the wheat dough with beaten egg . roll up like a log , pinching the seam and ends closed . place the dough in a covered baker , which you 've sprinkled generously with cornmeal , or in a lightly greased 12 '' sandwich pan , and cover the pan with a lightly greased piece of plastic . allow the bread to rise for about 45 minutes , or until it 's filled the pan and crowned about 1 '' over the rim . remove the plastic , and place the cover on the baker ( or leave the sandwich pan uncovered ) , and put it in a cold oven . set the heat to 425°f , and bake for 15 minutes . reduce the heat to 350°f , and bake for an additional 15 minutes . remove the cover from the baker , and bake for a final 15 minutes , or until the interior of the loaf measures 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the loaf from the pan , and allow it to cool completely before slicing . the loaf may be stored , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 5 days or frozen for 3 months .




rye bread bowl and spread

here 's a revelrous appetizer , a hearty loaf of pumpernickel bread hollowed out to become a bowl for the spread you eat it with . and when you 're done , you can rip up the bowl itself and eat it ! it 's best to make the bread ahead of time so the day of your gathering , all you have to do is hollow it out and scoop in the spread mixture . you can even make it way ahead of time and freeze it .

bread

680 g warm water
43 g molasses or barley malt syrup
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
425 g pumpernickel flour
21 g dill seed or 7 g dill weed
602 g to 659 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
4 to 5 teaspoons salt
50 g olive oil or other vegetable oil
213 g chopped onion , optional
cornmeal

spread

454 g sour cream , light sour cream or yogurt
454 g mayonnaise , light mayonnaise or low-fat cottage cheese you 've puréed in a blender
142 g to 283 g chopped onion , to taste
2 to 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley or 2 to 3 teaspoons dried
2 teaspoons dill weed
1 teaspoon celery seed or 1 tablespoon minced celery leaves
1/2 teaspoon salt or herb salt , to taste
1/2 teaspoon sugar , optional , to bring out flavor

to make the bread : pour the water into a large mixing bowl and stir in the molasses and then the yeast . blend in the pumpernickel flour , 1 cup of the all-purpose flour , and the dill seed . cover the bowl and let this sponge work for a couple of hours ( or all day if you have something else to do ) . about two hours before you want your bread to be baked , blend in the rest of the ingredients ( except for the cornmeal ) until you have a fairly stiff dough . turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead for 3 or 4 minutes . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) give the dough a rest while you prepare two baking sheets . you can either grease them and then sprinkle them with cornmeal ; or you can use parchment paper and sprinkle cornmeal on that . go back to your dough and knead another 3 or 4 minutes . this dough does n't get a rise before you form it into loaves . divide the dough into thirds ; shape one piece into a nice ball and place it on one baking sheet . cover it with a piece of greased plastic and let it rise for about an hour , or until puffy . while the loaf is rising , take the remaining two pieces of dough and shape them into one large loaf . take the large loaf and place it back in your bowl , cover it and let the dough rest for about 20 minutes . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) take the large loaf , reshape it a bit and place it on the second baking sheet . cover it with a piece of greased plastic and let it rise for about an hour . while the first smaller loaf is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . just before your loaf goes in , gently slash the top once with a serrated knife . do n't press down ; saw gently back and forth . brush the top with a bit of cold water . place the baking sheet in the oven . after 20 minutes , turn the heat down to 350°f and continue baking for a further 20 to 25 minutes . take the first loaf from the oven and give the bottom a tap . if it sounds hollow ( no wet dough inside ) , it 's done . if you want to be absolutely sure , use an instant-read thermometer ; bread is done when the interior has reached 195°f . now slash the top of the second loaf , and brush it with cold water . place the second loaf in the oven . turn the temperature back up to 400°f and let this one bake for 20 minutes . then turn the temperature down to 350°f and let it continue baking for 30 to 35 minutes . if the top seems to be getting too brown , turn the temperature down to 325°f for the last 10 to 15 minutes of baking time . make sure both loaves are completely cool before you start cutting them up . to make the spread : mix the spread ingredients in a bowl and give the flavors a chance to develop and blend before you decide to adjust the seasonings . you can add other vegetables if you wish , or use a favorite spread of your own . to make the bread bowl and combine : place the larger cooled loaf of bread on a large plate or platter . take a sharp knife and cut through the bread crust where you 'd like the edge of your bowl to be . use the knife to peel off the `` lid . '' use a fork and your fingers to pull out the rest of the interior of the loaf . break up the lid , the interior of the loaf and the smaller loaf into manageable pieces and place them on the plate around the large loaf . scoop the spread into the `` bowl '' and serve .

tips from our bakers

since rye dough tends to be sticky , keep your hands and the board well floured while you knead it . even when it 's thoroughly kneaded , it will still be a bit sticky . do n't try to get rid of the stickiness by continuing to add flour . you ca n't , and if you try you 'll have a rye door stop . you can also knead this on a lightly oiled surface , with oiled hands , to avoid the temptation of more flour.we 've written the rising/baking instructions for traditional ovens , so that the second loaf should be ready to go into the oven when the first loaf comes out . if you have a large commercial oven that will hold two baking sheets , by all means let your loaves rise and bake at the same time . the baking time for the larger loaf is longer ; please review recipe instructions .


broa

perhaps portugal 's most famous bread is the ubiquitous portuguese sweet bread , massa sovada , a loaf rich with eggs , milk and butter , and sweet enough to eat as dessert . but clearly , sweet bread is n't an everyday , every-meal bread ; the more homely broa is the better choice to serve with meat , cheese and salad , for lunch or at dinner . broa 's traditional accompaniments are caldo verde ( a kale , potato and sausage soup ) , and a dish of peas and eggs . we suggest using it for sandwiches and toast ; it 's a delightful everyday bread .

138 g yellow cornmeal
170 g hot water
113 g milk , warmed
2 teaspoons instant yeast
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g honey
11 g olive oil

mix together the cornmeal and hot water in a small bowl . stir in the warm milk , and let the mixture cool to lukewarm . then add the remaining ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to form a smooth , slightly sticky dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and turn it over , so that the top is oiled . cover the dough and let it rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy ; this rising time will develop both the flavor and the gluten . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface , knead it lightly ( just once or twice ) , and form it into a ball . place it onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or one that 's been sprinkled with cornmeal . cover it and let it rise for 45 minutes , or until it 's very puffy . preheat the oven to 450°f . just before placing the loaf in the oven , spritz it lightly with water and make four slashes , each about 1/4 '' deep , into the top crust . place the loaf in the oven and bake it for 10 minutes , then turn the oven down to 400°f , and continue to bake for another 15 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




malted whole grain rolls

with their touch of sweetness and soft , moist crumb , these rolls are a versatile addition to your bread-baking repertoire . bring them along on a summer picnic to serve with a selection of salads or cold cuts ; or serve them with butter and jam for a simple breakfast treat .

340 g lukewarm water
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
46 g potato flour or soy flour
96 g malted wheat flakes
1 tablespoon whole grain bread improver , optional , for best rise
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g malted milk powder or 2 tablespoons brown sugar
25 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , slightly sticky dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until puffy . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly floured work surface . divide the dough into seven equal pieces , and roll each piece into a smooth ball . place the rolls in a buttered terracotta tear and share pan ( or 9 '' round pan ) , cover , and let rise until they 're quite puffy , about 45 to 50 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls for 28 to 32 minutes , until they 're golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of one reads at least 190°f . remove the rolls from the oven , brush with melted butter , if desired , and cool for 5 to 10 minutes in the pan before transferring to a rack to cool completely . yield : 7 rolls .

tips from our bakers

these rolls can also be baked on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . space them about 2 '' apart for crustier rolls , or just 1 '' apart for soft-sided rolls .


tender white rolls

these rolls are for all of you white bread bakers out there . this recipe has some particular attributes which make it perfect for thanksgiving ; you can mix up the dough the night before ( it does n't even require kneading ) , refrigerate it , and in the morning shape your rolls . rolls will rise slowly all morning , and will be just ready to pop into the oven after the turkey comes out . when the turkey 's cool enough to carve , the rolls will be ready to serve .

11 g active dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar or malt powder
113 g warm water
113 g butter or margarine
227 g milk or buttermilk ( see `` tips '' , below . )
3 large eggs
11 g to 50 g sugar ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
659 g to 723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g butter , melted ( to brush on rolls after they 're baked )

in a small bowl , combine the yeast , sugar or malt , and warm water . stir to dissolve , and set aside . in a small saucepan , combine the butter or margarine , and milk or buttermilk . heat over low heat , stirring , until butter melts ( you can do this in the microwave , if you prefer ) . set aside to cool for 10 minutes . when the milk mixture is lukewarm , transfer it to a large mixing bowl and stir in the eggs , sugar and salt . add the yeast mixture , and approximately 5 1/2 cups flour ; the dough will be quite slack . mix the dough in the bowl for 5 minutes , either with the flat paddle attachment of an electric mixer or by hand , with a spoon or dough whisk . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , or transfer the dough to a well-oiled , very large plastic bag ( such as our all-purpose bread bags ) . refrigerate for at least 8 hours , or overnight . approximately 3 1/2 hours before you want to bake rolls , remove the dough from the refrigerator . at this point , you can proceed in several ways . you can make simple round rolls by dividing dough into 24 pieces and forming each piece into a ball ; you can make shaped rolls ; or you can go the `` sticky bun '' route , rolling dough into a 1/2 '' thick rectangle , and spreading with butter and a savory or sweet filling . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) place your 24 round rolls or rolled buns into a large , buttered baking pan , not touching but close to one another . we use a 14 '' round deep-dish pizza pan , which seems to be exactly the right size for this recipe . if you 've made shaped rolls ( crescents , fan tans , cloverleaf ) , place in pans accordingly . set rolls aside to rise for approximately 3 hours . when the rolls have almost risen completely — they should fill the pan — preheat oven to 400°f . bake rolls for about 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and brush with melted butter . store for up to 3 days at room temperature , well-wrapped , or freeze for a month .

tips from our bakers

if you use a savory filling , use the minimum amount of sugar , and the buttermilk . for plain white rolls , or those using a sweet filling , increase the amount of sugar , and use plain milk.for savory fillings , chopped fresh herbs are nice ( or dried herbs , if fresh are unavailable ) , as are seeds — poppy , sesame , caraway or flax . fennel seeds will give rolls an italian flavor . for added texture , sprinkle rolls with grain flakes ; e.g. , rolled oats , wheat or rye flakes , etc . cheese is always a nice filling , as is pesto . if you 'd like , try combinations : sprinkle sesame seeds in the bottom of the pan , then spread unrolled dough with parmesan cheese ; or sprinkle cheese in the pan , then put chopped basil on dough . ( beware : cheese in the bottom of the pan will make rolls stick ; you 'll need to use a spatula to get them out . ) sweet fillings can include the traditional brown sugar , cinnamon and raisin ; dried cranberry , orange oil and sugar ; or canned pumpkin mixed with an egg and sugar.if you 're rolling the dough out and creating spirals : roll the dough up , pinching the seam to close , and cut into 24 slices ; a piece of dental floss works very well here . simply loop floss around the roll and cross the ends over one another , cutting the rolls without squeezing them down , as a knife might .


pane di calitri

a distinctive , earthy loaf made with a blend of flour , pane de calitri descends from a family recipe from campania , italy .

602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
120 g french-style flour
248 g durum flour
25 g pumpernickel
11 g vital wheat gluten
794 g warm water
11 g instant yeast
1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon kosher salt
herbes de provence or rosemary , minced , for topping
sea salt , for topping

in a large bowl , whisk together the flours and gluten . stir together the yeast and water in a large mixing bowl , add the salt , then gradually mix in the flours , leaving the dough fairly slack ( wet ) . mix for 12 to 14 minutes . transfer the dough to a well-floured board and knead until it 's smooth . divide it in half , and place each half in a 1-gallon plastic food bag , closing the top . place each bag of dough in a heavy bowl , and put the bowls in the oven with the oven light on for 1 hour . gently deflate the dough , and let it rise in the oven for an additional hour . the dough should be quite puffy . preheat your oven to 500°f for at least 20 minutes . remove the dough from the bags and divide each piece in half . form each piece into a log approximately 1 1/2 '' thick and 8 '' in diameter . let the logs rest for 5 minutes , then place them on a floured peel , slash the top of each 3 times lengthwise , and spray each with cool water . sprinkle some herbes de provence or rosemary , then sea salt , on top . slide the bread onto the stone , reduce the temperature to 430°f , and bake for about 30 minutes . remove the bread from the oven when it 's a deep golden brown . the loaves may be stored well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days or frozen for 3 months .

tips from our bakers

our thanks to bob rinaldi for perfecting his nonna 's recipe from her hometown of calitri , italy .


sourdough pretzels

there 's nothing better than soft , chewy , warm pretzels from a street vendor — except possibly making them yourself , using this easy recipe . you can make these pretzels on a moment 's notice , too : the recipe calls for sourdough starter straight from the refrigerator , no need to feed it first . new to sourdough ? find the help you need for all of your sourdough baking at our sourdough essentials page .

pretzels

170 g lukewarm water*
227 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard
361 g king arthur sir lancelot unbleached hi-gluten flour* or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
1 tablespoon butter or vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
*add an additional 28 g water if using high-gluten lancelot flour .

topping

1 tablespoon non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
28 g water
pretzel salt
28 g melted butter , optional

mix and knead the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a cohesive , fairly smooth dough . it should be slightly sticky ; if it seems dry , knead in an additional tablespoon or two of water . cover the dough and let it rest for 45 minutes . it will rise minimally . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface , fold it over a few times to gently deflate it , then divide it into 12 pieces , each weighing about 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 ounces . roll each piece of dough into an 18 '' rope . shape each rope into a pretzel . dissolve the malt in the water . brush the pretzels with the solution , and sprinkle lightly with coarse pretzel salt . bake the pretzels for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . note : this is correct ; there 's no need to let the shaped pretzels rise before baking . remove the pretzels from the oven , and brush with melted butter , if desired . yield : 12 pretzels .




cinnamon apple pull-apart bread

this bread pulls apart at the gentlest of touches . we like it best served warm , roughly 15 minutes out of the oven , with a good slathering of butter . our thanks to joy the baker for the blog post and recipe that inspired this tasty treat .

filling

28 g unsalted butter
106 g packed brown sugar
1 tablespoon instant clearjel
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
about 539 g apples ( fresh weight ) , peeled , cored , and thinly sliced

dough

57 g unsalted butter , melted
74 g lukewarm milk
57 g lukewarm water
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

to make the filling : melt the butter in a saucepan set over medium heat . combine the sugar and clearjel , and add to the saucepan along with the remaining ingredients . cook for 5 minutes and set aside to cool . to make the dough : whisk together the butter , milk , water , eggs , and vanilla extract . combine the flour , sugar , salt , and yeast , then add the wet ingredients . mix and knead , adding more flour or water if necessary to make a smooth , soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow to rest until doubled in size , about 1 hour . grease a 12 '' x 4 '' x 2 1/2 '' tea loaf pan or a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . gently deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly greased surface . roll the dough into a 12 '' x 20 '' rectangle . spread the filling mixture all over the surface . cut the dough crosswise into six 3 1/2 '' x 12 '' strips . stack the strips on top of one another . cut the stack into six pieces , about 2 '' x 3 1/2 '' each . turn the pieces on edge , and place them in the loaf pan one in front of the other from one end of the pan to the other , squeezing them in tight . cover the pan and allow the loaf to rise for 30 to 60 minutes , until it 's almost doubled in size . while the loaf is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the loaf for 45 to 55 minutes in the center of the oven , tenting it with foil after 30 minutes . remove the loaf from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool for 15 to 20 minutes before turning it out of the pan to cool completely . yield : 1 loaf , about 12 to 15 servings .




caramel-nut cinnamon buns

drizzle these delicious buns with caramel sauce just before serving .

dough

283 g lukewarm water
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g grape seed flour , optional , for extra antioxidants
21 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
43 g butter
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons buttery sweet dough flavor or vanilla extract

filling

156 g baker 's cinnamon filling* mixed with 2 ounces water*
113 g chopped walnuts , optional
99 g caramel bits , optional
*or substitute 6 tablespoons butter , 1 cup brown sugar , and 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon for the baker 's cinnamon filling mix and water ( do n't add water if you make this substitution ) .

glaze

99 g caramel bits , block caramel , or unwrapped vanilla caramel candies
43 g heavy cream or half & half

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . cover the dough , and let it rise for 1 hour , or until puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease 12 muffin cups , or a baking sheet . gently deflate the dough , and roll it into an 18 '' x 18 '' square . spread with the prepared cinnamon filling , then sprinkle with the chopped nuts and caramel bits , leaving an uncovered strip about 1 '' wide along one side . roll into a log starting with a filling-covered end opposite the unfilled end . if you want the buns to pop like a corkscrew , as shown in the picture , roll the dough tightly , stretching the dough as you roll it up . slice the log into 12 pieces ; if your knife sticks , dip it in hot water between cuts . or use dental floss to cut the dough . place the buns in the prepared muffin pan , or space them on a baking sheet . cover , and let the buns rise until puffy , about 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 20 to 24 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and place on a rack to cool slightly , while you make the glaze . melt the glaze ingredients together over low heat or in a microwave , stirring until smooth . spoon over the buns . serve warm , or at room temperature . yield : 12 buns .




pizza twists

savory twists to enjoy by themselves , or to dip in pizza sauce or marinara .

dough

170 g lukewarm water ( about 110°f )
25 g olive oil
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional
1 teaspoon instant yeast
1/2 teaspoon salt
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g hi-maize fiber

filling

28 g vermont cheese powder
1 teaspoon pizza seasoning or the dried herbs of your choice
14 g melted butter
14 g water
57 g finely shredded mozzarella or pizza-blend cheese
14 gram ) olive oil or garlic oil

mix , then knead the dough ingredients to make a smooth , elastic dough , about 5 to 10 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let it rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . make the filling by stirring together the cheese powder , pizza seasoning , melted butter , and water . grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . pat , then roll it into a 20 '' x 10 '' rectangle . spread the dough with the filling , leaving 1/2 '' free of filling along the long edges . sprinkle with the shredded cheese . fold the dough in half so the long sides ( free of filling ) meet . press together by rolling over the dough with a rolling pin . cut into twenty 1 '' slices . place the slices about 1 '' apart on the prepared pan , twisting them as you lay them down . brush with olive oil or garlic oil . cover and let rise for about 1 hour , or until puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the twists for 20 to 25 minutes , or until they 're light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and serve warm with pizza sauce or marinara , if desired . yield : 20 twists .




wine biscuits

wine , as in containing wine ? or as in to serve with wine ? well , both , actually . these sweet , peppery-hot biscuits are a variation on a traditional italian favorite , biscotti di vino , hard , semisweet biscuits served with an after-dinner cheese , or as a pre-dinner apéritif , along with wine . we like them served on the porch , after a hard day in a hot kitchen at work . sangria , that spanish concoction of mild wine and fruit , is a perfect accompaniment . but they 're fine with a grape juice spritzer , too , or lemon-scented club soda . by the way , the term `` biscuit , '' as it 's used here , refers to a hard , fairly dense cracker-type of bread , rather than the biscuit americans know — a soft white-bread roll .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper
50 to 71 g sugar , to taste ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons baking powder
142 g dry red wine , such as cabernet sauvignon ( non-alcoholic is fine )
50 g vegetable oil

in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine the flour , pepper , sugar , salt and baking powder . in a separate bowl , whisk together the wine and vegetable oil . add the liquid ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat vigorously until the mixture is smooth , about 1 minute . cover the bowl , and refrigerate the dough for at least 1 hour , or overnight . preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease or parchment-line a baking sheet . break off a piece of dough about the size of a walnut ( about 3/4 ounce ) , and roll it into a ball . poke a hole in the middle of the ball to make a small `` bagel-shaped '' biscuit . place it on the baking sheet . repeat with the remaining dough . bake the biscuits for 35 to 40 minutes , or until they 're golden brown ( they 'll actually look kind of purple ; that 's ok ) . remove them from the oven , and cool completely on a wire rack . store , covered , for up to 2 weeks .

tips from our bakers

the greater amount of sugar will make a biscuit which is just about as sweet as a cookie ; the lesser amount will yield a more `` savory-type '' biscuit .


pear and ginger quick bread

this dense , moist quick bread showcases the spicy bite of candied ginger . it 's not a high-riser , so do n't expect the usual dome-shaped loaf . instead , this bread rises like a river , even all the way across , and slices into lovely thin rectangles , ideal for spreading with some candied-ginger-spiked cream cheese . we 've used bosc pears as the fruit here , but peaches , nectarines , plums , bananas , or even applesauce would be just as suitable . we have n't tried it with zucchini , which is probably ubiquitous in everyone 's garden right now , but we imagine that , with a suitable increase in sugar , even that might work .

149 g sugar
57 g butter
1 egg
227 to 255 g pear purée , about 1 1/2 pears ( see `` tips , '' below . )
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
46 g crystallized ginger
113 g finely chopped nuts ( pecans or walnuts )

preheat the oven to 350°f . line with parchment , or lightly grease , an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a large mixing bowl , cream together the sugar and butter , then add the egg , beating until smooth . add the pear purée , flour , ground ginger , baking soda , baking powder , salt and vanilla . beat until smooth . stir in the candied ginger and nuts . spoon the batter into the pan . bake in a for 55 minutes to 1 hour , or until a cake tester inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean . remove the pan from the oven , and cool the loaf in the pan for 15 minutes . gently remove the loaf from the pan and cool it completely on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

there 's no need to peel the fruit ; just purée it well in a blender or food processor .


spinach-filled lebanese flatbreads

a variation of a recipe from the excellent book `` man'oushé , '' by barbars abdeni massaad , these breads from master baker jeffrey hamelman , are rolled into rounds , filled , and folded into triangle shapes before baking .

dough

418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
184 g king arthur unbleached pastry flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
14 g sugar
14 g olive oil
301 g water

filling

2 1/2 teaspoons salt
12 ounces spinach leaves
106 g finely diced onion
255 g chopped , seeded tomatoes
1/2 ounce ground sumac
14 g lemon juice
50 g olive oil , plus more for brushing
2 ounces feta cheese

to make the dough : in a large mixing bowl , mix and knead all of the dough ingredients until smooth . cover the mixing bowl and let the dough rise for 1 hour . divide the dough into 14 pieces ( 2 1/2 ounces each ) and shape each into a firm round . cover and refrigerate overnight . to make the filling : add the salt to the spinach leaves and rub together thoroughly . drain in a colander for 1 hour . rinse well under cold water , then squeeze out as much liquid as you can . chop the leaves coarsely , then mix with the remaining filling ingredients . to shape and assemble : place a rack in the upper third of the oven and place a pizza stone on it , if you have one ; if you do n't have a stone , no worries . preheat the oven to 500°f before you begin to assemble the breads – the stone needs at least an hour to be fully heated and ready to bake . roll each ball of dough on a lightly floured surface into a 5 '' -diameter circle . place 1/4 cup of filling in the center of each flatbread , leaving a 1/2 '' rim of dough clear all around . lightly brush or spritz water onto the rim . take a third of the circle and pull it up and over the filling . take the next third of the circle and bring it up to meet the first , then fold up the remaining third of the dough to enclose the filling . you will have made a triangle-shaped packet . pinch all of the seams together , then place , seam side down , on a parchment-lined baking sheet . brush each piece lightly with olive oil . place the baking sheet onto the stone , or onto the oven rack . bake the flatbreads for about 8 minutes , until they 're medium brown ; the bread should still be soft after baking . remove from the oven and serve warm . store any leftovers in the refrigerator , well wrapped , for several days .




american irish soda bread

this sweeter , richer version of irish soda bread is more in tune with american tastes than the traditional irish bread , which simply combines flour , baking soda , salt , and buttermilk . still , it 's not as sweet as many american soda breads ; chewy and light , most of its sweetness comes from its currants , and a crackly-crunchy sugar crust .

bread

340 g pastry flour blend or 361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
120 g granulated sugar
128 g currants or raisins
1 tablespoon caraway seeds , optional
1 large egg
397 g buttermilk*
57 g butter , melted
*no buttermilk in the house ? substitute 1 cup milk + 3/4 cup ( one 6-ounce container ) plain or vanilla yogurt

topping

14 g milk
14 g coarse white sparkling sugar

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , whisk together the pastry blend or flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , sugar , currants , and caraway seeds . in a separate bowl , or in a measuring cup , whisk together the egg and buttermilk ( or milk and yogurt ) . quickly and gently stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients . stir in the melted butter . spoon the batter into the prepared pan . draw your finger around the edge of the pan to create a `` moat . '' drizzle the bread with the 1 tablespoon of milk ; the moat will help prevent the milk from running down the sides of the loaf . sprinkle with the coarse sugar . bake the bread for 50 minutes to 1 hour , or until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean ; the interior of the bread will measure 200°f to 210° on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , loosen its edges , and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . wrap airtight and store at room temperature . yield : 1 loaf . this recipe reprinted from the baker 's catalogue , spring through summer 2001 .




anise-chocolate flatbread

this flatbread , topped with chocolate , features a je ne sais quoi spritz of anise and a crunchy sugar-topped crust . according to king arthur flour master baker jeffrey hamelman , this is a variation of a bread he saw made by lot roca enrich at harinera roca in agramunt , spain .

dough

617 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
454 g water
2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast

garnish

anise liqueur
255 g finely chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate
olive oil for brushing
99 g sugar for sprinkling , divided

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing and kneading until the dough is smooth and somewhat bouncy . transfer to a large , covered container and set a timer for 1 hour . after 1 hour , lightly flour your work surface and scoop the dough onto it . using a baker ’ s bench knife or dough scraper , stretch the dough into a rough rectangle . fold the dough in thirds , and put it back in its container , seam-side down . if you 've mixed the dough by hand , turn the dough 90° and repeat the process before putting the dough back to rest . give the dough another hour 's rise , and fold again . repeat for a total of three folding episodes . after the third fold , divide the dough in half , gently round each half into a ball , and leave them on the work surface , covered , for 15 to 20 minutes . to shape : stretch each piece of dough into a rectangle , roughly 7 '' x 20 '' . brush or spritz half of the dough lightly with anise liqueur , and sprinkle that side with half of the chocolate . fold the uncovered dough up and over the chocolate and pinch the edges of the dough all around to seal . cover the dough with greased plastic wrap and let it rest for 30 to 45 minutes , until somewhat puffy looking . while the dough is resting , set a rack in the upper third of your oven with a baking stone on it , and preheat the oven to 475°f . after the dough has risen , remove the plastic and brush the top with olive oil . sprinkle the top generously with 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar . bake the bread on the stone for 20 to 25 minutes , until the sugar has melted and is beginning to caramelize . if the sugar has n't melted , switch the oven to broil and watch it carefully until the sugar melts and begins to brown . remove from the oven and drizzle generously with more anise liqueur . cut into 1 '' strips and serve while still warm . store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to two days .

tips from our bakers

which liqueur ? jeffrey hamelman uses pernod when making this recipe , but anisette or sambuca are both perfectly well suited .


french herb bread

make your very own version of flavorful herbed peasant bread . with minimal effort and a dash of herbes de provence , you 'll feel like you 've been transported to the south of france !

283 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
43 g potato flour or 28 g dried potato flakes
2 tablespoons herbes de provence
1 teaspoon salt
1 ½ teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until smooth , adding additional water or flour as needed . cover the dough , and let it rise for 1 hour . divide the dough into 4 pieces , shape into logs , and place in lightly greased mini loaf pans . for one large loaf , shape the entire piece of dough into a log and place in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover and let rise until the dough has crowned about ½ '' over the rims of the mini loaf pans , or 1 '' over the rim of the larger pan , 30 minutes to 1 hour , depending on the warmth of the kitchen . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes for the mini loaves , 35 to 40 minutes for the larger loaf . an instant-read thermometer , inserted into the center of a loaf , should register at least 190°f . tent the bread lightly with foil if it appears to be browning too quickly . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool on a rack . yield : 4 mini loaves , or 1 large loaf .




apple-oat-barley bread

cinnamon adds delicious flavor to this tasty toasting bread .

50 g rolled oats*
46 g barley flakes*
454 g boiling water
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
14 g milled flax or 11 g vegetable oil
18 g vital wheat gluten
35 g baker 's special dry milk
312 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
43 g dried apples , chopped
128 g cinnamon chips or 67 g cinnamon sweet bits , optional
*or use all oats , or all barley .

place the oats and barley in a bowl ( or the bucket of a bread machine ) and pour the boiling water over them . cool to lukewarm , about 20 minutes , and stir in the remaining ingredients , except the apples and cinnamon chips or bits . stir , then knead to make a soft , slightly sticky dough ( or allow to go through the dough cycle of a bread machine ) . if you 're kneading by hand and the dough is very sticky , allow it to rest for 15 minutes before adding more flour . add the apples and cinnamon chips or bits at the end of the kneading process , or when indicated by the bread machine . let the dough rise , covered , for 1 hour , until it 's puffy . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface , knead gently , then form into a loaf or ball . place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover and let rise until almost doubled in bulk , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . preheat the oven to 400°f while dough is rising . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's deep brown and sounds hollow when thumped on the bottom . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf will register 205°f . remove it from the oven , cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




rosemary cheddar cheese bread

we love the combination of rosemary and cheddar cheese , and the two come together nicely in this quick bread .

rosemary white whole wheat batter

170 g white whole wheat flour or king arthur whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 tablespoon dried rosemary
1/2 teaspoon ground sage
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
113 g milk
43 g melted butter

cheddar cheese batter

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g vermont cheese powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper , depending on your heat preference
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 large egg
170 g milk
43 g melted butter
113 g grated or shredded cheddar cheese

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . to make the rosemary batter : whisk together the flour , baking powder , rosemary , sage , and salt ; set aside . beat the egg , then add the milk and melted butter . gradually add the wet mixture to the dry and mix until just combined ; the batter will be stiff . to make the cheese batter : whisk together the flour , cheese powder , baking powder , salt , cayenne , and black pepper ; set aside . beat the egg , and add the milk and the butter . gradually add the dry mixture and the shredded cheese , stirring to combine . to assemble the loaf : scoop ping pong-ball sized dollops of the cheese batter into the bottom of the prepared pan , leaving space between in a checkerboard pattern . scoop the rosemary batter into the bottom of the pan , filling in the bare spaces . repeat , layering the batter in the pan until it 's used up . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , until it 's nicely browned and a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the loaf from the pan , and cool it in the pan for 30 minutes before carefully turning it out onto a rack . store well-wrapped for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .




9-grain bread

wheat , barley , rye , oats , amaranth , quinoa , millet , sorghum , and teff — these are the nine whole grains that go into our 9-grain flour blend . this bread is a testament to their rich , nutty flavor .

432 g king arthur whole grain flour blend
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g brown sugar or 43 g molasses
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter or 25 g vegetable oil
255 g lukewarm water

mix and then knead all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , satiny dough . the dough will start out very dry-looking , but should become soft , smooth , and slightly sticky as you knead ; adjust its consistency with additional flour or water as needed . cover the dough , and allow it to rise for 1 hour , or until it 's somewhat puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk . shape the dough into a 9 '' log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and let the bread rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , or until its internal temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . if the bread seems to be browning too quickly , tent it lightly with foil after the first 20 minutes of baking . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

to make rolls : divide the dough into 16 pieces . roll each into a smooth ball , and place them into two lightly greased 9 '' round cake pans . cover the pans , and let the rolls rise for about 1 hour , or until they 're quite puffy . bake the rolls in a preheated 400°f oven for 15 to 18 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , turn them onto a rack , and brush them with butter , if desired ; this will give them a soft crust . yield : 16 rolls.to bake this loaf in your bread baking bowl : after its first rise , shape the dough into a round ( boule ) , and place it in the lightly greased bowl . cover the loaf , and let the bread rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy and fills the bowl . bake and finish the loaf according to the recipe instructions .


black friday bread

black friday — the day after thanksgiving — is equal parts shopping and leftovers . turkey sandwiches are a must ; but what do you do with all those leftover bits of stuffing , mashed potatoes , squash , creamed onions ... well , kill two birds with one stone : make a delicious sandwich loaf , and use those other leftovers from the turkey day meal right in the bread itself . this moist , flavorful bread slices beautifully ; and when you use stuffing as one of the ingredients , its mild herb flavor is perfect for a turkey sandwich .

113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
298 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
28 g soft butter
1 to 1 1/4 teaspoons salt , to taste
14 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
152 g lukewarm milk
128 g prepared stuffing
213 g mashed potatoes , white or sweet

place all of the ingredients in a bowl ( or the bowl of your stand mixer ; or a bread machine bucket ) ; and mix and knead to make a smooth , elastic , and somewhat sticky dough . the dough will feel tacky , but should hold its shape nicely ; you should be able to handle it easily with greased hands . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure ( for easiest tracking of the dough as it rises ) . allow it to rise until it 's quite puffy , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough . shape it into an 11 '' to 12 '' log , and place it on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . cover the loaf with lightly greased plastic wrap or a dough cover ( the plastic cover of a disposable supermarket deli tray or cake platter may work well for you here ) , and let the loaf rise until it 's noticeably puffy , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , until it 's golden brown on top , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and place it on a rack to cool . when completely cool , wrap airtight and store at room temperature for 3 to 4 days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

taste the bread dough once it 's mixed , but before kneading ; you may need to adjust the salt , depending on whether or not the add-ins you chose were salty.we 've used 1 cup each stuffing and mashed white potatoes for the loaf pictured above . feel free to substitute your own combination of stuffing and/or mashed root vegetables or sides : turnip , sweet potatoes , applesauce , squash , parsnips ... you 'll have to play the amount of flour/liquid somewhat by ear ( or eye ) ; depending on how moist your add-ins , you may need to add either additional bread flour , or additional milk or water . your goal is a soft ( but not challengingly sticky ) dough.can you substitute unbleached all-purpose flour for the bread flour , and/or the whole wheat flour ? sure ; reduce the amount of milk to 1/2 cup , adding additional milk or water if the dough seems dry and stiff . your loaf may not rise as high.want to make a delicious stuffing/cranberry sandwich loaf ? instead of 2 cups add-ins of your choice , substitute 1 cup stuffing and 3/4 cup dried cranberries . reduce the total amount of flour to 3 cups , cutting back on either the bread flour , or the white wheat ( or both ) . place the loaf in a 9 '' x 5 '' bread pan , let it rise , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f .


no-knead hot cross buns

are you yeast-phobic ? well , these buns will help convince you that yeast baking is just about the easiest , most forgiving type of baking you can do . this recipe substitutes beating for kneading , then cuts right to the chase : a short rise , followed by baking and enjoying .

buns

170 g raisins or golden raisins
28 g rum or water
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
43 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
67 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
3/4 teaspoon princess cake and cookie flavor or 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon + 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg + 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
2 large eggs
397 g lukewarm water
57 g melted butter

glaze ( optional )

67 g granulated sugar
14 g vanilla extract
4 teaspoons water

icing

142 g glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar
28 g soft butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
14 g milk or cream

mix together the raisins and rum or water in a non-reactive bowl . for best absorption , use a microwave-safe bowl , cover the bowl , and heat for 1 minute , or until the mixture is simmering . remove from the heat , and set aside to cool to lukewarm . whisk together all of the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl . stir in the princess cake flavor ( if you 're using it ) , eggs , water , melted butter and the raisin mixture ( including any remaining soaking liquid ) , then beat at high speed for 1 minute . the dough will be cohesive , but not smooth ; that 's ok. cover the bowl and let the dough rest/rise in a warm place for 45 minutes ; it 'll get a bit puffy , but wo n't really increase much in size . preheat your oven to 400°f . lightly grease 18 muffin cups . if you have just one 12-cup muffin pan , use aluminum foil cups for the remainder of the dough ; or make free-form buns , and place them in an 8 '' round cake pan . to make the glaze : stir together the glaze ingredients in a microwave-safe bowl , then heat in the microwave until the sugar dissolves when you stir the mixture . set aside to cool for a couple of minutes . use a muffin scoop or 1/4-cup measure to fill the muffin cups ; each should be about 3/4 full . if you have a scale , use about 77g ( 2 3/4 ounces ) dough in each cup . brush the lukewarm glaze atop the shaped buns . let the buns rise , covered , for 20 to 30 minutes , until they 've risen just over the top of the cups . bake the buns for 20 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and quickly turn them out of the pans onto a rack ; if you wait too long , the glaze will cause them to stick . allow the buns to cool for 10 minutes before icing . to make the icing : combine all the icing ingredients in a small bowl and beat until thick . use a pastry bag and tip to pipe thick crosses onto the buns . if you do n't have a pastry bag , fill a sturdy plastic bag with the icing , squeezing it down into one corner . snip the tip of the bag off , and squeeze the frosting onto the buns . store , well-wrapped , for 2 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .




millet breadsticks

breadsticks are perfect as an hors d'oeuvre either with or without a dip , to accompany soups , or in place of dinner rolls . they are also great just to nibble whenever the urge strikes you !

567 g boiling water
152 g whole millet
14 g active dry yeast ( see `` tips '' , below . )
43 g honey
25 g olive oil
2 teaspoons salt
723 g to 780 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
additional olive oil to brush breadstick tops , optional

pour the boiling water over the millet in a large heat-proof bowl and allow it to sit until the mixture has cooled to 110°f ( or cooler ) . sprinkle the yeast over the top of the cooled millet to soften . add the honey , olive oil , salt and 2 cups ( 8 1/2 ounces , 241g ) of flour and beat vigorously for 2 minutes . add a further 4 cups ( 17 ounces , 482g ) of flour , a cup at a time , until you have a soft but kneadable dough . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) turn out onto a lightly floured board . knead until it 's smooth and bouncy , adding in only enough flour to keep the dough from sticking to you or the board . place the dough in an oiled bowl , turning once to oil the top , cover with a damp towel and let it rise until doubled , about 1 hour ( or 1 1/2 hours with the lesser amount of yeast . ) deflate the dough and divide into 32 pieces . roll each piece into an 18 '' to 24 '' rope . the length depends on how `` thick and chewy '' or `` thin and crisp '' you want your final breadsticks to be . you can also cut the ropes in halves or thirds for a variety of lengths . place breadsticks 1 '' apart on a lightly greased or parchment-covered baking sheet . cover with a damp towel and let rise for 30 minutes . while the breadsticks rise , preheat your oven to 400°f . to make the breadsticks crisper , brush the tops lightly with olive oil just before they go in . bake the thicker variety for about 20 minutes , or until golden brown . the thinner ones should take about 15 minutes . immediately remove from the baking sheet and cool on a rack . store well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days or freeze for 3 months .

tips from our bakers

the given amount of yeast will make this dough rise very rapidly . if you want to slow things down , using only 1 package or tablespoon of yeast will increase the rising time by about 50 % .when you are trying to knead a slack dough , it is often helpful to use a floured bowl or bench scraper initially , along with your hands , until the dough begins to hold together and behave itself.this dough makes wonderful baguettes and pizza dough as well .


kimmelweck rolls

before buffalo chicken wings there was beef on weck , a great upstate new york tradition involving rare , hot , juicy roast beef on a salt- and caraway-encrusted hard roll . here 's the recipe for the rolls ; the hot roast beef is up to you .

dough

170 g water
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1 teaspoon salt
163 g high-gluten flour
163 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g potato flour
28 g unsalted butter , softened
1 large egg

topping

equal parts ( 1 tablespoon each ) caraway seeds , coarse salt and pumpernickel flour , mixed until well-combined

in a large mixing bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , combine all of the ingredients except the topping , mixing to form a shaggy dough . knead the dough , by hand or by machine , for 10 minutes . allow it to rest for 10 minutes , then knead for an additional 10 minutes , until it 's smooth and supple . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow it to rest for 1 hour ; it 'll become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . you may also use your bread machine , set on the dough cycle , to prepare the dough to this point . divide the dough into six 3 1/4-ounce ( 92g ) pieces , and shape them into smooth , slightly flattened rounds . place them on a baking sheet , covered , to rise for 1 hour , or until they 're good and puffy . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . brush the rolls with a bit of melted butter , and sprinkle lightly with the topping . bake them for 15 to 18 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack ; they 're best served the same day they 're made , though they do reheat nicely . freeze for up to 1 month .

tips from our bakers

use more or less topping , according to your taste tolerance for salt .


orange-scented cinnamon rolls

these soft , tender-rolls bake on top of a sweet glaze ; invert them after baking and the molten glaze drips down over the surface . orange zest in the filling adds a bright flavor , and the walnuts give the rolls a welcome crunch .

dough

113 g unsalted butter , softened
113 g warm water
227 g buttermilk
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g light brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
482 g to 539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

43 g unsalted butter , softened
106 g light brown sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
43 g honey or maple syrup

filling

zest ( grated rind ) of 1 orange
113 g unsalted butter , softened
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
213 g light brown sugar
113 g chopped walnuts

to make the dough : place the softened butter in a large mixing bowl . pour the warm water over the butter , then add the buttermilk , yeast , sugar , salt , and 4 cups of the flour . mix until a soft dough forms . knead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes , adding more flour from the remaining 1/2 cup as needed to form a dough that 's soft but not sticky . cover the dough and let it rise for 45 minutes , or until doubled . to make the topping : generously coat the inside of a 9 '' x 13 '' pan with the softened butter . sprinkle the brown sugar and salt over the butter , then drizzle with honey or syrup . to make the filling : combine the orange zest with the butter . stir the cinnamon into the brown sugar . to assemble : on a lightly floured work surface , roll the dough into a 10 '' x 16 '' rectangle . spread the orange butter over the dough , leaving 1/2 '' on one of the long edges uncovered . sprinkle the brown sugar mixture and nuts over the butter . roll the dough up toward the uncovered edge ( the long way ) , pinching to seal . cut the log into 12 rolls , and lay each one cut side up in the prepared baking dish . cover and let rise for 30 minutes , while you preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 23 minutes , until the tops are evenly golden brown . remove them from the oven , and let stand for 3 minutes before inverting the pan over a serving platter . remove the pan , and if needed use a spatula to scrape out any remaining butter and sugar mixture , spreading it back onto the rolls .




caramel bread pudding with coconut and banana

as far as comfort foods go , bread pudding ranks way up there . we 've enhanced this one with gooey caramel , fresh bananas , and coconut .

283 g to 312 g white sandwich bread ( about half a loaf , 283 to 12 slices ) , cubed
142 g caramel from a block , cut into 1/2 '' pieces
227 g bananas , peeled and sliced
8 large egg yolks
198 g sugar
283 g milk
283 g heavy cream
50 g coconut milk powder
43 g coconut flakes

preheat the oven to 350°f . place the bread cubes on a baking sheet , and toast until slightly crusty on the outside but still soft on the inside , about 10 minutes . transfer the bread a large bowl , add the caramel pieces , and toss to combine . grease eight 5-ounce or 6-ounce ramekins , and place them on a baking sheet . line the bottoms of the ramekins with the banana slices . beat the egg yolks and sugar together until pale and creamy . heat the milk and cream to simmering , then add the coconut milk powder , stirring until dissolved . add the milk mixture to the egg yolks/sugar , stirring until combined . pour the milk/egg mixture ( custard ) into the bowl with the bread cubes . allow the bread to absorb the custard for 15 minutes . transfer the bread/custard to the prepared ramekins ; it ’ ll be the consistency of lumpy batter . sprinkle coconut flakes on top of each of the puddings . bake the puddings for 30 minutes , until the coconut is golden . let the puddings rest for 10 minutes , then serve warm . yield : 8 individual puddings .

tips from our bakers

this pudding can also be made in a 9 '' square cake pan . bake for 40 to 45 minutes , until the center looks set ( no longer liquid ) .


gluten-free sorghum sandwich bread

sorghum adds its own distinctive flavor to this moist , tender yeast bread .

113 g sorghum flour
276 g king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour or 213 g brown rice flour blend*
28 g whole flax meal
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
227 g room-temperature milk ( about 70°f )
2 tablespoons molasses
25 g vegetable oil or 28 g melted butter
3 large eggs
*see tips from our bakers , below .

whisk together the flours , flax meal , yeast , baking powder , salt , and xanthan gum . in a separate bowl , beat the milk , molasses , oil or melted butter , and eggs . blend the dry ingredients into the milk mixture 1 cup at a time , beating for a minute and then scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl . after all the dry ingredients have been added , beat for 2 to 3 minutes at medium speed to make a smooth , thick batter . cover the bowl , and let the batter rest and rise for 1 hour . scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl , deflating the batter in the process . beat the batter for about 1 minute . grease an 8 1/2 '' by 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . scoop the dough into the pan , doming it in the middle ; using a spatula or your wet fingers helps . cover the pan loosely with greased plastic wrap . set it in a warm place to rise until the loaf barely crowns above the rim of the pan , about 60 to 75 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , until it ’ s a deep golden brown . tent the loaf with foil the final 10 to 15 minutes of baking , to prevent over-browning . an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the fully baked loaf will register about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool on a rack . slice when completely cool . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

*make your own blend
many of our gluten-free recipes use our king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour , which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods . our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats , keeping them fresh longer .


the following make-at-home blend , featuring stabilized brown rice flour , works pretty well when substituted ; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour .


whisk together 6 cups ( 28 1/2 ounces ) king arthur stabilized brown rice flour ; 2 cups ( 10 3/4 ounces ) potato starch ; and 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) tapioca flour or tapioca starch . store airtight at room temperature . note : you can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like ; it 'll make your baked goods grittier ( unless you manage to find a finely ground version ) .


raisin-pecan rye bread

there 's something very right about the combination of rye flour , raisins , and pecans . the subtle , earthy flavor of rye , the nuttiness of the pecans , and the offsetting sweetness of raisins combine to make a bread whose flavor seems to hit all parts of your tongue and taste buds at once . this dense , moist bread is delicious spread with butter ( toasted or not ) ; or serve it with roquefort or another assertive cheese .

biga ( starter )

1/8 teaspoon instant yeast
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
74 g cool water

dough

1 1/4 teaspoons salt
50 g brown sugar , light or dark
53 g medium or light rye flour
53 g pumpernickel
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter
57 g chopped pecans
142 g currants or 170 g raisins

to make the biga : stir together the yeast , flour , and water . the dough will be very stiff and dry . place it in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let it rest at room temperature overnight . the next day , combine the biga with the remaining ingredients ( except the pecans and fruit ) in a large mixing bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , mixing to form a shaggy , sticky dough . knead the dough until smooth ( even though it 's smooth , it 'll still be very sticky ) , then place it in a lightly greased bowl and let it rest for 1 hour ; it will become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , gently deflate it , and knead in the nuts and fruit . shape the dough into a slightly flattened ball and place it on a greased sheet pan , or into a greased 9 '' round cake pan . cover the pan with a proof cover or some lightly greased plastic wrap . let the loaf rise for about 90 minutes , until it 's puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 50 to 55 minutes ( tenting it lightly for the final 15 minutes ) , until its interior registers 190°f to 195°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven and cool it on a rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




quick-knead malted wheat flake bread

this bread is slightly sweet , chewy , nutty — and delightfully dense . the method for making it is similar to no-knead , with time doing most of the dough development . a bit of hands-on `` folding over '' helps the process along .

567 g warm water
142 g our favorite fruit blend ( or your favorite blend of chopped or small dried fruits )
113 g malted wheat flakes
227 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or 100 % white whole wheat flour
241 g sir lancelot hi-gluten flour ( strongly recommended ) or king arthur unbleached bread flour
21 g grape seed flour , optional
2 tablespoons whole-grain bread improver or vital wheat gluten
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
113 g coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts

place the warm water in a large bowl with the fruit and malted wheat flakes . let sit for 15 minutes . whisk together the flours , whole grain bread improver or vital wheat gluten , salt , and yeast . pour into the bowl with the water/fruit ; stir to blend . use your hands to fold the dough over in the bowl until the flour is incorporated . add the nuts , and continue to knead the dough for a minute or two , until the nuts are evenly distributed ; it will still be slightly sticky . let the dough rest at room temperature , covered , for 3 hours . turn the dough over a few times , cover , and refrigerate for at least 8 hours , or overnight . shape the dough into a long loaf or ball , and place it in a lightly greased , lidded 14 '' to 15 '' long stoneware baker , or lidded 4 1/2-quart baking crock . cover with plastic or a damp cloth and let rise at room temperature for about 3 to 4 hours , until it 's noticeably puffy ; it 's not a high-riser . slash the loaf a few times on the diagonal . place the lid on the pan , and put the pan in a cold oven . set the oven temperature to 400°f . bake the bread for 50 minutes , then remove the lid and bake for another 10 minutes , until it 's deep brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , transfer it to a rack , and cool before slicing . yield : one large loaf , about 24 servings




portuguese sweet bread

this soft , sweet bread , subtly flavored with both lemon and vanilla , makes delicious toast ( or french toast ) . or enjoy it plain ; it 's so tasty , it does n't even need butter . by the way , if you 're looking for a recipe for `` hawaiian bread , '' this one comes very close .

113 g milk
57 g butter , cut into pats
67 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast , saf gold instant yeast preferred
grated peel ( zest ) of 1 medium lemon
2 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved
2 teaspoons vanilla extract

feb. 1 , 2013 : this is a fine-tuned , simplified , down-sized version of an earlier portuguese sweet bread recipe on this site . it uses the same ingredients and produces the same bread , but the directions are clearer and the result more foolproof . combine the milk , butter , sugar , and salt in a microwave-safe cup , or in a saucepan . heat to lukewarm , stirring to soften the butter . set aside . in a mixing bowl , the bowl of your stand mixer , or the bucket of your bread machine , combine the flour , yeast , and lemon zest ; stir to combine . add the milk mixture , stirring first to make sure the sugar and salt are n't left in the bottom of the cup or pan . add the eggs , yolk , and vanilla . mix and knead until the dough is cohesive and smooth ; it 'll be very sticky at first . if you 're using a stand mixer , beat with the flat beater for about 3 minutes at medium-high speed ; then scrape the dough into the center of the bowl , switch to the dough hook , and knead for about 5 minutes at medium speed . it will have formed a ball somewhat , but will probably still be sticking to the bottom of the bowl . if you 're using a bread machine , simply let it go through its entire cycle , and skip to step 6 . lightly grease the mixing bowl or a large ( 8-cup ) measure , round the dough into a ball , and place it in the bowl or measure . cover , and let rise until very puffy , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . if you 're using a bread machine and the dough has n't doubled in size when the cycle is complete , simply let it rest in the machine for another 30 to 60 minutes . lightly grease a 9 '' round cake pan . gently deflate the dough , and round it into a ball . place the ball in the prepared pan , and tent the dough gently with lightly greased plastic wrap . or cover it with the cover of your choice ; we use clear shower caps here in the king arthur test kitchen . let the dough rise in the pan for about 2 hours , until it 's nicely puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . mix the reserved egg white with 1 tablespoon cold water , and brush some onto the surface of the loaf ; this will give it a satiny , mahogany-brown crust . bake the bread for 15 minutes , then tent it lightly with aluminum foil . bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , until it 's a medium golden brown and its internal temperature registers 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and gently transfer it to a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . store at room temperature , well-wrapped , for several days ' freeze for longer storage .




lemon poppy seed swirl bread

this poppy seed-filled bread with its bright citrus flavors makes an elegant addition to any brunch .

dough

170 g plain full-fat yogurt
14 g fresh lemon juice
1 large egg + 1 large egg yolk ( white reserved for the topping )
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
2 teaspoons grated lemon rind ( zest )
25 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g unsalted butter , at room temperature

filling

227 g to 283 g prepared poppy seed filling , store-bought
2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice

glaze

1 large egg white ( from above ) beaten with 1 tablespoon water

in a large bowl , combine the yogurt , lemon juice , egg and egg yolk , yeast , lemon zest , and sugar . stir to combine , then add the salt , flour , and butter . mix and knead until a soft , smooth dough forms , about 8 to 10 minutes . cover and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . gently deflate the dough and roll it into a rectangle 30 '' long and 6 '' wide . measure out 1 cup of the poppy seed filling and stir in 2 teaspoons of lemon juice ( this will make the filling easier to spread ; add the extra teaspoon if needed ) . spread the filling over the dough , leaving 1/2 '' of one long edge uncovered . roll the dough toward the uncovered edge and pinch the seam to seal it . line a large baking sheet ( e.g. , a half sheet pan ) with parchment . grease the outside of a 2 '' to 2 1/2 '' metal biscuit cutter and place in the center of the pan . mark the dough in 1 '' increments . using unflavored dental floss , slice the dough by placing it under the log , crossing the ends over your mark , and pulling until the floss slices through the dough . place the dough slices around the greased cutter , just barely touching , in two concentric circles . depending on the exact size of the slices and the size of your pan , you 'll probably have some slices left over . layer them on top of the circles for a two-tier loaf ; or simply bake them separately , in a round cake pan . cover with greased plastic and let rise for 40 minutes , until puffy looking . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . when the dough is ready , uncover it and brush the top lightly with the egg white/water topping . bake the bread for 28 to 32 minutes , until golden brown all over . remove from the oven and cool on a rack . to make the glaze , combine all of the ingredients until smooth ; drizzle over the cooled bread . store the bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for a couple of days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

lemon-scented icing is a tasty final touch . combine 1 cup confectioners ' sugar , sifted ; 1 tablespoon milk or heavy cream ; 1 tablespoon lemon juice , and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla , stirring until smooth . drizzle over the baked/cooled bread .


artisan bread bowls

hollow out the center of these tasty bread bowls , and fill with stew or chili .

447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
57 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or 1 7/8 ounces pumpernickel flour
25 g olive oil
340 g lukewarm water , enough to make a smooth , soft dough
35 g baker 's special dry milk or 5/8 ounce nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

mix and knead together all of the ingredientsby hand , mixer or bread machinetill you 've created a smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 45 minutes ; it should become puffy . divide the dough into 5 pieces . roll each piece into a ball . place on a lightly greased or parchment covered baking sheet . cover the bread bowls with greased plastic wrap . refrigerate for 4 hours ( or up to 24 hours ) ; this step will give the bread bowls extra flavor , and a delightfully crisp-chewy texture . two or more hours before serving , remove the bread bowls from the refrigerator . uncover , and let them sit for about 30 minutes while you preheat the oven to 425°f . just before baking , slash the top surface of the bowls several times to allow them to expand . bake for 22 to 28 minutes , until the bowls are deep brown , and sound hollow when thumped on the bottom . remove from the oven , and cool on a rack .




apple cheddar chop bread

filled with sweet apples and sharp cheddar cheese — we love cabot extra-sharp — this easy pull-apart bread is perfect for parties — autumn or otherwise .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 large egg
113 g lukewarm milk
57 g lukewarm water
35 g vegetable oil or olive oil

filling

198 g crisp apple , cored and cut into 3/4 '' to 1 '' cubes
170 g cubed sharp cheddar cheese , cabot preferred , in 1/2 '' dice

glaze ( optional )

35 g boiled cider
14 g milk
pinch of salt
170 g confectioners ' sugar

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead to make a smooth , elastic dough . shape the dough into a ball , place it in a lightly greased bowl or other container , cover it , and let it rise for about 60 minutes , until it 's just about doubled in size . gently deflate the dough , and place it on a lightly greased work surface ; a silicone rolling mat works well here . pat it into a circle about 15 '' in diameter . scatter the diced apples and cheese over half the circle . fold the bare half over the filled half , and transfer the filled dough to a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . shape the half-moon of dough into an oval . using a knife , pizza wheel , or bench knife , cut the dough at 1 1/2 '' or so intervals both lengthwise and crosswise to make small squares . leave them in place ; no need to separate them . cover the pan , and let the dough rise for about 45 minutes ; it wo n't rise much , but will become a bit puffy . while the loaf is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the loaf , and bake it for about 30 minutes , until it 's a light golden brown . remove it from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool slightly . pull pieces off the loaf and enjoy . or wait until the loaf is lukewarm , then drizzle with glaze . make the glaze by combining all of the glaze ingredients , stirring until smooth . add additional milk , if desired , for a thinner glaze .

tips from our bakers

do n't have boiled cider ? try substituting apple juice concentrate ; you 'll probably need to use less milk if you make this substitution .


plain-but-good stuffing

there are as many variations on stuffing as there are imaginative cooks . the bread element can be plain white bread , cornbread , whole-wheat , herb bread or even a cranberry loaf ; moisteners range from water to butter to spirits ; and additions include anything from fruits and nuts to meat and shellfish , with a wide range of vegetables , herbs and spices enlivening the whole affair . this is a popular version : it 's not heavily seasoned ; the main tastes are of plain white bread and butter , with onions and celery adding some texture and tang , the poultry seasoning some traditional taste . this recipe is good for a small ( 10 to 12-pound ) turkey ; it can be increased by half , or doubled , to fill larger birds . baked outside the bird , it 's referred to as dressing .

340 g bread cubes , made from a firm white bread ; gluten-free sandwich bread is fine
227 g butter
454 g onions , finely chopped
156 g finely chopped celery stalks ( including tops )
4 g chopped dried parsley
2 teaspoons poultry seasoning
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon pepper ( less for a milder stuffing )
227 g to 454 g chicken broth , optional ; if baking the stuffing in a separate dish , outside the turkey

place bread cubes on a cookie sheet or other wide , flat pan and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 10 minutes . remove from oven and set aside . melt butter in a large frying pan , and sauté onions and celery until soft , about 5 minutes . remove from heat . place bread cubes in a large bowl . spoon onion-celery mixture over bread . add parsley , poultry seasoning , salt and pepper and toss mixture until it 's thoroughly combined ( the best way to do this is to roll up your sleeves , wash your hands and dig in ) . spoon stuffing into both the body and neck cavities of the turkey , and roast the turkey . to bake the dressing : preheat the oven to 400°f . lightly grease a 3-to 4-quart baking dish or pan . pour the dressing in the dish . pour the stock evenly over the surface ; if you like a more moist stuffing , add about a cup more stock . cover the dressing with foil , and bake for 30 minutes . remove the foil and continue to bake until the dressing is crispy on top , about 15 to 20 minutes . store leftovers , refrigerated , for up to 4 days in the fridge .




grandma leland 's oatmeal bread

molasses and oatmeal combine to make this deep golden-yellow loaf , moist and chewy with just a hint of bite from the oats . this is terrific sandwich bread .

dough

454 g milk
149 g rolled oats
1 1/2 teaspoons shortening
14 g salt
227 g lukewarm water
11 g active dry yeast
170 g molasses
723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

28 g butter , melted

scald the milk , and stir in the rolled oats , shortening and salt . let sit until lukewarm . dissolve the yeast in the water . add to the oat mixture . stir in the molasses and the flour . beat in the bowl for 5 minutes , using the flat paddle of an electric mixer , or beat by hand with a spoon . let dough rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . press the dough down , and spoon into two lightly greased 10 '' x 5 '' bread pans . let rise until almost doubled , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake for 30 minutes , or until loaves are brown and firm . remove from the oven and take the bread from the pans . brush with the melted butter , if desired . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

this recipe comes to us from anna leland perkins of east bridgewater , mass . anna suggests adding more flour and kneading the dough , rather than setting it aside to rise as a batter .


cranberry-walnut bread & muffins

cranberry nut bread is a thanksgiving standby , a must-have in the bread basket . cranberry nut muffins are a welcome way to start the festivities first thing in the morning . this recipe can be poured into a loaf pan , or scooped into the wells of a muffin tin ; double the recipe , and you can do both !

57 g butter
50 g vegetable oil
67 g granulated sugar
71 g brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon almond extract , optional
170 g sour cream or yogurt , full-fat or low fat-preferred
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
142 g dried cranberries
57 g walnuts
sparkling white sugar or demerara sugar , optional , for topping

preheat the oven to 425°f for muffins , or 350°f for a loaf . lightly grease a standard muffin tin . or line with 12 paper muffin cups , and grease the cups with non-stick vegetable oil spray ; this will ensure that they peel off the muffins nicely . if you 're baking a loaf , lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-sized mixing bowl , beat together the butter , vegetable oil , and sugars until smooth . add the eggs , beating to combine . stir in the baking powder , baking soda , cinnamon , salt , the vanilla and almond extracts , and the yogurt or sour cream . place the flours in a food processor with the dried cranberries . process until the berries are coarsely chopped . add the nuts ( if they 're not chopped ) , and process briefly , just until the nuts are chopped up a bit . stir the flour mixture into the wet ingredients , mixing just until everything is thoroughly combined . divide the batter among the wells of the muffin tin , filling each one about 3/4 full . or scoop the batter into the prepared loaf pan . sprinkle muffins or loaf with white sparkling sugar or demerara sugar , if desired . bake the muffins for 14 to 15 minutes , until a cake tester or toothpick inserted into one of the center muffins comes out clean . bake the loaf for 45 to 55 minutes , until a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean . remove the muffins or bread from the oven . tilt the muffins in the pan to cool a bit , then transfer them to a rack to finish cooling . serve warm or at room temperature . allow the loaf to cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn it out onto a rack to cool completely . for best results , do n't slice until completely cool . store muffins or bread well wrapped , at room temperature , for 2 to 3 days ; freeze for longer storage . store muffins or bread well wrapped , at room temperature , for 2 to 3 days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

for a nice hint of orange , substitute 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia flavor ( to taste ) for the vanilla and almond extracts . for stronger orange flavor , stir in the grated rind of 1 large orange , omitting the almond extract.want to make this bread ( or muffins ) without whole wheat flour ? substitute 1 cup king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour for the whole wheat flour.if you prefer a bolder cranberry statement , leave the dried berries whole , rather than chopping them up .


crunchy cornmeal & semolina bread

you want toast to be crisp and crunchy , right ? well , the cornmeal and semolina ( as well as the sesame seeds ) add delightful crunch to this bright golden loaf . just slightly sweet and nutty , it 's an ideal candidate for peanut butter and jam .

74 g yellow cornmeal
163 g semolina flour
213 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
43 g honey
25 g oil or 28 g butter
283 g to 340 g water
35 g toasted sesame seeds

combine all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading to form a soft , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 hour , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and form it into a loaf . place the loaf in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . cover the pan and let the bread rise for 1 hour , or until it 's just crowned over the edge of the pan . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and its internal temperature is about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out onto a wire rack to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




golden pita bread

pita bread is one of those things ( like english muffins , like soft pretzels ) that most people simply do n't think of making . `` it 's too hard . it wo n't work . they wo n't puff up . '' not true ! this is just a simple white bread recipe cooked in an unusual way . they will puff up ; honest . and fresh , golden pita bread , hot from the oven , is a revelation ; it makes those packaged pitas pale ( literally ) by comparison . plus , pita bread is a key element in fattoush , a delicious lebanese salad — give it a try sometime .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
*2 teaspoons king arthur easy-roll dough improver
2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
227 g water
25 g vegetable oil
*optional , but it relaxes the dough , allowing you to roll it into pita shapes much more easily . also , the bit of baking powder in the relaxer helps puff up the pitas .

combine all of the ingredients , mixing to form a shaggy/rough dough . knead the dough , by hand ( 10 minutes ) or by mixer ( 5 minutes ) or by bread machine ( set on the dough cycle ) until it 's smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rest for 1 hour ; it 'll become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . if you 've used a bread machine , simply let the machine complete its cycle . turn the dough onto a lightly oiled work surface and divide it into 8 pieces . roll two to four of the pieces into 6 '' circles ( the number of pieces depends on how many rolled-out pieces at a time can fit on your baking sheet ) . place the circles on a lightly greased baking sheet and allow them to rest , uncovered , for 15 minutes , while you preheat your oven to 500°f . ( keep the unrolled pieces of dough covered . roll out the next batch while the first batch bakes . ) place the baking sheet on the lowest rack in your oven , and bake the pitas for 5 minutes ; they should puff up . ( if they have n't puffed up , wait a minute or so longer . if they still have n't puffed , your oven is n't hot enough ; raise the heat for the next batch . ) transfer the baking sheet to your oven 's middle-to-top rack and bake for an additional 2 minutes , or until the pitas have browned . remove the pitas from the oven , wrap them in a clean dishtowel ( this keeps them soft ) , and repeat with the remaining dough . store cooled pitas in an airtight container or plastic bag .

tips from our bakers

pita bread can be a bit temperamental ; it does n't always puff . and
when it does n't , do n't despair . it 's still soft and delicious.for sandwiches , simply wrap a pita around the filling , rather than
splitting and filling .


marbled rye sandwich bread

light rye , or dark ? marbled rye is one dough , split and colored , then layered and rolled together , to create a swirl in the loaf . try this for a reuben or classic deli meat sandwich .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g white rye flour or 103 g medium rye flour
78 g pumpernickel flour
46 g potato flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons deli rye flavor
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
37 g vegetable oil
397 g water
25 g black cocoa mixed with 7 g rye flour

combine all of the ingredients except the black cocoa , stirring until the dough comes together . knead until smooth , adding additional water or all-purpose flour if needed — the dough should be soft and quite sticky . let the dough rise until puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . lightly grease a long covered baker ( or other 2-pound capacity loaf pan ) . divide the dough in half . pat one half into an 11 '' x 8 '' rectangle . knead the black cocoa mixture into the other half of the dough . pat this dough into an 11 '' x 8 '' rectangle and place it on top of the plain dough . beginning with a long edge , roll the dough into a spiral , gently stretching it to about 14 '' long ( if you 're using a 14 '' covered baker ) as you roll . place it in the lightly greased pan ; add the cover . let the dough rise until it 's crowned about 1/2 '' over the lip of the pan , about 1 1/2 hours . you 'll want to lift the cover to check on the rising loaf periodically ; that 's ok . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 400°f . give the loaf three diagonal slashes , replace the cover , and immediately put it into the oven . bake the bread for 15 minutes , then reduce the oven temperature to 350°f and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes ( tenting it lightly with aluminum foil if you 're not using a covered pan ) . remove the cover , and let the bread bake for an additional 5 minutes , or until it 's golden brown on top . when done , the bread 's internal temperature should register at least 200°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and allow it to cool completely before slicing . store bread , lightly wrapped in plastic , for several days at room temperature . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

for more rye flavor , use a total of 1 3/4 cups pumpernickel flour , and eliminate the white or medium rye flour.new to the long covered baker ? we 've put together a post about using your long covered baker .


microwave bread pudding

looking for something warm , sweet , and satisfying to end your meal ? `` instant '' bread pudding goes from inspiration to `` ahhh ... '' in just 5 minutes .

50 g cubed bread
1 large egg
74 g milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract , optional
25 to 35 g sugar
1 to 2 tablespoons chocolate chips , butterscotch chips , dried fruit , cinnamon , or the garnish of your choice

put the bread in a fairly shallow , single-serving , microwave-safe bowl . whisk together the egg , milk , vanilla , and sugar . pour over the bread in the bowl , stirring gently to combine . stir in chips or dried fruit . and/or sprinkle with cinnamon , cinnamon-sugar , or nutmeg . microwave for 1 minute , uncovered . check and see if it 's still liquid . if it is , microwave in 30-second bursts , till pudding is cooked all the way to the center ; the very center can still look a bit uncooked , but it should n't be liquid . remove from the microwave . if desired , drizzle with maple syrup or melted caramel or fudge sauce or ... serve warm ; whipped cream or ice cream are always welcome .

tips from our bakers

for berry bread pudding , omit the chips or dried fruit ; and layer the bread cubes with fresh berries before microwaving .


lemon love buns

we originally printed a version of this recipe , lemon buns , in our may-june , 1996 baking sheet newsletter . since then , we 've amended it to use either lemon oil or fiori di sicilia flavor , an italian citrus-vanilla flavoring that we use in place of vanilla in all kinds of treats , from sugar cookies to pound cake . these are quintessential hot yeast buns -- but with an unexpected and refreshing jolt of citrus . the citrus essence elevates them beyond ordinary dinner rolls to something special : tea or breakfast rolls , perfect for spreading with homemade preserves ( we recommend raspberry highly ) . tender and buttery , with a crunchy sugar crust , they 're distinctly and assertively citrus , but not inherently sweet : a new and interesting concept in baked goods . read our blog about these buns , with additional photos , at flourish .

dough

170 g water
57 g butter
1 large egg + 1 large egg yolk ( reserve white for topping )
1/4 teaspoon lemon oil or 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

1 egg white mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water
78 g coarse white sparkling sugar or swedish pearl sugar

combine all of the dough ingredients in a large mixing bowl and stir to form a cohesive dough . knead the dough , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , for 5 to 8 minutes , until it 's smooth , soft and supple ; avoid adding too much flour , as this will make the buns tough and dry . if you 're using a stand mixer , knead for 2 minutes with the flat beater , then switch to the dough hook and knead for an additional 5 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy , though it probably wo n't have doubled in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and divide it into 16 pieces ( about 1 1/2 ounces or 43g each ) . to make round buns , simply round the pieces into balls . to make hearts or knots , see our illustrated blog post for complete instructions . for soft-sided round buns , place them in a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan . for knots or hearts , space the shaped buns on two lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . cover the buns , and allow them to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until they 're nice and puffy ; when you press a finger gently into a bun , the resulting indentation should n't spring back . while the buns are rising , combine the egg white and water , and set aside . preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the risen buns with the egg white mixture , and sprinkle with coarse or pearl sugar . bake the buns for 20 minutes , or until they 're a light golden brown . remove the buns from the oven , and transfer them to a rack to cool . serve warm , or store in an airtight container ( a plastic bag is fine ) until ready to serve .

tips from our bakers

can you replace the lemon oil with grated lemon peel ? of course . use the grated peel from 1 medium-to-large lemon .


pumpernickel bagels

these bagels use a favorite product of ours , pumpernickel artisan bread flavor , which adds rich rye flavor to this soft and chewy bagel . note : since we no longer carry the pumpernickel artisan bread flavor that we used in developing this recipe , as of 11/14/17 it calls for alternate ingredients .

dough

333 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
96 g pumpernickel flour
14 g rye bread improver
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar
1 tablespoon black cocoa , for dark pumpernickel color
2 teaspoons salt
283 g water
2 teaspoons instant yeast

water bath

1814 g water
28 g non-diastatic malt powder or brown sugar
14 g granulated sugar

combine the dough ingredients and mix and knead – by hand , mixer , or bread machine – until a stiff smooth dough forms . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . let it rise , covered , until noticeably puffy , 60 to 90 minutes . divide the dough into eight pieces . roll one piece at a time into a smooth ball . let the balls rest , covered , for 30 minutes ; they 'll puff slightly . bring the water , malt powder , and sugar to a very gentle boil in a wide-rimmed pot . preheat the oven to 425°f . cut or poke a hole through the center of each ball . stretch the hole with your fingers until it 's 2 '' in diameter . place the bagels on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . transfer bagels , four at a time , to the simmering water . cook for 2 minutes on one side , flip over gently , and cook for another minute . remove the bagels from the water and return to the baking sheet . repeat with the remaining bagels . bake the bagels for 25 minutes , until they 're set and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of one registers at least 190°f . remove the bagels from the oven , and cool on a rack .

tips from our bakers

to top your bagels with our everything bread & bagel topping , sesame seeds , salt , poppy seeds , etc. , simply brush the unbaked bagels with a glaze made of 1 egg white beaten until frothy with 1 tablespoon of water . sprinkle heavily with your chosen topping just before baking .
while the rye bread improver is optional , we recommend it to help improve the rise , texture , and flavor of the bagels .
turning the bagels over after about 15 minutes of baking will help them stay round .


tomato bread

this bright-orange loaf , redolent of tomato and garlic , is wonderful fresh from the machine , or sliced thin , toasted , and served with sweet butter or cream cheese . use it for grilled-cheese sandwiches toast a thick slice , or cover it with anchovy fillets , and dribble olive oil lightly over them . sounds pretty good to us . it 's written for a 1 1/2-lb . or larger machine ; simply halve recipe for a smaller machine .

227 g sour cream ( or plain yogurt , or buttermilk )
1 large egg
1 teaspoon olive oil
170 g tomato paste
71 g pitted black olives , well-drained , optional
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
67 g cornmeal ( or 82 g semolina flour )
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon garlic powder or 2 cloves fresh garlic , pressed
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon white pepper ( or coarse-grind black pepper )
1/2 to 1 teaspoon salt , to taste
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

put all the ingredients in the pan , in the order suggested by the instructions that come with your particular machine . bake on the quick-bake cycle . the bread may be stored well-wrapped for up to 5 days at room temperature , or 3 months frozen .

tips from our bakers

this recipe comes from richard langer 's the bread machine bakery book . we 've suggested some optional substitutions , but otherwise left richard 's recipe exactly as he wrote it .


gluten-free sourdough starter

add tangy zest to your breads and other baked treats with this gluten-free sourdough starter . just a few ingredients and 4 days of nurturing bring you this exciting addition to your gluten-free baking world .

1/4 teaspoon florapan french sourdough starter
131 g ancient grains flour blend
113 g cool water
156 g king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour*
*added on day 4 of the process .

whisk 1/4 teaspoon french sourdough starter into 1 cup ancient grains flour blend . add 1/2 cup cool water and mix until well blended . allow mixture to rest overnight at room temperature . the next day ( day 2 ) , discard half the starter and feed with 1 cup ancient grains flour blend and 1/2 cup cool water . on day 3 , repeat the discarding and feeding process of day 2 . on the fourth day , discard half the starter , and feed the remainder with 1 cup king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour and 1/2 cup cool water . when the starter becomes active following this feeding , it 's ready to use in your first recipe .

tips from our bakers

try this starter in our gluten-free sourdough flatbread and our
gluten-free sourdough english muffins .
for a fun experiment , try substituting 1/2 cup starter for 1/2 cup of the flour and 2 ounces ( 1/4 cup ) of the liquid in our gluten-free blueberry muffin recipe or any other muffin , cake or quick bread of your choice.for tangier yeast bread recipes , try using 1 cup starter in place of 1/2 cup water and 1 cup flour.sourdough starter is best stored in the fridge in a stoneware crock or glass container with a loose-fitting lid . you should observe the same procedures for care and maintenance as for a wheat-based starter .


everyday whole grain bread

nothing beats a hearty sandwich , and whole wheat bread is a natural place to start . but what about those who say they do n't like whole wheat ? this recipe walks a tasty line between hearty and mild , using equal parts all-purpose and white whole wheat flours to produce a high-rising , tender loaf . it can be baked in a loaf pan ; or made into a freeform loaf , for more of a `` grip and rip '' bread . either way , it 's simply delicious . through our bake for good : kids program , more than 300,000 students across the country have baked this flavorful , wholesome recipe , and shared it with people in need in their communities . the recipe makes two loaves — we suggest you enjoy one , and share the other . bake for good !

454 g warm water
50 g sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast ( 1 packet yeast )
340 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon salt
50 g vegetable oil
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

in a large bowl combine the water , sugar , yeast , and 2 cups of the white whole wheat flour . let the mixture rest for a few minutes , until bubbles form . stir in the remaining 1 cup white whole wheat flour , the salt , and the oil . stir in 2 cups of the all-purpose flour . sprinkle an additional 1/2 cup flour over the sticky dough , mixing it in with a spatula or your hands . sprinkle some of the remaining 1/2 cup all-purpose flour on a clean work surface . place the dough onto the work surface and knead it for 5 minutes , adding a bit more flour if needed to prevent sticking . alternatively , knead the dough in the bowl of your stand mixer ; or in the bucket of a bread machine set on the dough cycle . add the final 1/2 cup flour as needed to create a soft , smooth dough . let the dough rest while you scrape out your mixing bowl and wipe it with oil . if you 're kneading by hand , knead the dough a few minutes more ; it should feel bouncy . place it into the oiled bowl , and cover with plastic wrap . place the dough somewhere warm ( 65°f to 75° is ideal ) to rise until double in size , about 1 1/2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and divide it in half . shape each piece into an 8 '' to 9 '' log . place each log into a lightly greased loaf pan , or onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . tent the loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for 30 minutes . while the loaves are rising , preheat your oven to 375°f . uncover the bread , and bake it for about 30 minutes , until the crust is golden brown . if you have a digital thermometer , the internal temperature at the center will be about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . wrap completely cooled bread in plastic , and store at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

what size loaf pan should you use ? an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pan
will yield a taller loaf , one whose slices are closer to those of a normal-sized sandwich loaf ; a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan , a shorter loaf with more rectangular slices . the instructions above were written for middle-school kids , most of whom have probably never baked bread before . if you 're a seasoned bread baker , feel free to put the ingredients together however you 're most comfortable , be that following the directions as written ; or simply `` mix everything together and knead . '' also , give the bread a few decorative slashes prior to baking if desired , as shown in the photo above .


white wheat pretzels

these are soft pretzels , similar to the kind you buy in new york city at the street vendors . high in carbohydrates , low in fat , chewy and filling , they are the quintessential snack food . these pretzels are really fun to make and would be a good project to do with older kids . they feature our white whole wheat , which is sweeter than whole wheat , but has all the same nutritional attributes .

pretzels

11 g sugar
454 g room-temperature water
11 g active dry yeast or 7 g instant yeast
298 g to 361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons barley malt extract or powder
14 g salt
340 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium 100 % whole wheat flour

water bath

1361 g water
43 g baking soda

toppings

kosher salt , herb salt substitute , or seeds to sprinkle on top of the pretzels

combine the sugar , yeast , water and 1/2 cup all-purpose flour and let sit for about 10 minutes to get your yeast going . add the barley malt powder , the salt , and the white whole wheat flour . stir well , then add the balance of the all-purpose flour , a cup at a time , until the dough has formed a shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it , adding more flour as necessary , until the dough has formed a smooth , slightly tacky dough . put the dough in a lightly greased bowl and turn it to coat the dough . cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let rise until puffy . preheat the oven to 450°f . grease two baking sheets or line them with parchment paper . bring the water and baking soda to a boil . punch the dough down and knead it briefly to expel any air bubbles . divide the dough in half and keep dividing the halves into halves until you have 16 more-or-less equal-sized pieces . roll each piece into a rope about 1/2 '' in diameter . the best way to do this is to roll each piece halfway out , and then let it sit to relax to avoid tearing the dough . go back to the first piece and finish rolling it out . take each rope and make a u-shaped loop with fairly short ends . cross the rope near the ends , and twist again them . take the end of each rope and press separately near the bottom center of the loop , creating the classic pretzel shape . repeat for each pretzel . lower the water to a simmer . carefully pick up 3 or 4 pretzels and add them to the water . the pretzels will expand quickly and dramatically . cook for about 1 minute . use a spatula or a slotted spoon to transfer the pretzels to the prepared baking sheets . when all of the pretzels are done , sprinkle them with salt or seeds . bake the pretzels for 12 to 15 minutes until well-browned . store well-wrapped for up to 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .




no-knead country bread

this bread 's texture and flavor are enhanced by whole wheat and flax flours , plus a long , slow rise .

340 g water
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
142 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour
21 g whole flax meal
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast

stir together all of the ingredients ( or use a stand mixer ) to make a sticky dough . continue to work the dough enough to incorporate all the flour , or beat for several minutes in a stand mixer . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let it rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 8 hours ; it 'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit , so be sure your bowl is large enough . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface . to make a single loaf , choose a 14 '' to 15 '' long lidded stoneware baker ; a 9 '' x 12 '' oval deep casserole dish with cover ; or a 9 '' to 10 '' round , 4 '' deep lidded baking crock . to make 2 loaves , lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a large baking sheet . shape the dough to fit , and place it in the lightly greased pan of your choice , smooth side up . for two loaves , divide dough in half , shape each into an oval loaf , and place on the prepared baking sheet . cover and let rise at room temperature for about 1 hour , until dough has become puffy and fills the pan about 1/2 full . slash the loaf in a cross-hatch pattern or 3 diagonal slashes just before placing into the oven . if baking in a lidded crock or pan , place into a cold oven . set the oven temperature to 450°f . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes , until the bread is deep brown , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . to bake on a baking sheet , preheat the oven to 400°f , and bake for about 25 to 30 minutes , until bread is deep brown . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out onto a rack , and cool before slicing . yield : 1 large or 2 smaller loaves .




fig and walnut sourdough

this robust , crusty sourdough is studded with rich figs and crunchy walnuts . it 's a terrific partner for any artisanal cheese . if you do n't have figs , dried cranberries are a tasty and colorful substitute .

283 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
1 cup water
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast ( optional )
85 g diced dried fig or cranberries
85 g walnuts , roughly chopped

combine the starter , water , and flour in the bowl of your mixer just until smooth . cover the bowl and let the mixture sit ( autolyse ) for 1 hour . after an hour , add the salt and yeast ( if using ) , and knead the dough with your mixer 's dough hook on medium speed for 5 to 7 minutes . just before the kneading is done , mix in the figs or cranberries . stop the mixer and add the walnuts , using a dough scraper to fold them gently into the dough . cover the bowl again and let the dough rise at room temperature for 40 to 60 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface ( it will be fairly wet and possibly a bit sticky ) . scoop up the edge of the dough with your dough scraper and bring it to the center , pressing down . give the circle of dough a quarter turn counterclockwise , and repeat three or four more times . you 're stretching the dough a bit and rounding it at the same time . for two smaller loaves , divide the dough in half and round each . flour the banetton ( s ) you want to use , or a tea towel placed inside a bowl with a shape you find pleasing . place the rounded dough into the banetton or bowl , bottom side up , cover with plastic wrap , and refrigerate overnight . the next morning , preheat the oven to 450°f with a baking stone in the lower third . put 1 '' of water into a small skillet that can go into the oven . take your breads out of the refrigerator . they may not have risen a lot ; that 's ok. bring the water in the skillet to a simmer and place it in the bottom of the oven . place a piece of parchment on a baker 's peel or the back of a baking sheet . turn the loaves out of their banettons onto the parchment . slash the top ( s ) of the loaves , and slide the bread ( s ) , paper and all , onto the stone in the oven . spray the inside of the oven generously with water from a spray bottle and set a timer for 5 minutes . spray once more when the timer goes off , and bake for another 35 minutes , until the center of the loaf reads 200°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove from the oven and cool on a rack before slicing .

tips from our bakers

what is `` ripe '' sourdough starter ? it 's a starter that 's been fed and allowed to work at room temperature until at its peak level of activity . it should be full of bubbles ; if you watch it for 10 to 15 seconds , you should see bubbles coming to the surface and popping , as if a slow-motion boil is happening . what 's the 1/4 teaspoon of yeast doing in the ingredients ? in this case it shortens the rise times a little bit . you can make a great loaf without it , which is why it 's optional in the ingredients list ; you 'll want to keep an eye on the character of your dough and possibly adjust your expectations for rising times .


pain de mie with a starter

although pain de mie is not a traditional american bread , it 's the french interpretation of an english pan bread , which is the antecedent of our american pan breads . a biga , which is an italian pre-fermented dough that adds flavor and character to an otherwise ordinary bread dough , was used to create this version of the pain de mie .

biga

198 g water
78 g pumpernickel flour
135 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast ( see `` tips '' , below . )

dough

all of the biga
340 g water
43 g nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
482 g to 539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the biga : in a small mixing bowl , combine all of the biga ingredients , cover , and set aside for 8 hours , or overnight . to make the dough : combine the biga with the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough becomes cohesive and begins to leave the sides of the bowl . it will still be sticky but become smooth and slightly bouncy . give the dough a rest while you wash out and clean your bowl . when you come back , continue to knead for a further 3 or 4 minutes . lightly grease the bowl , place the dough in it , cover , and let it rest/rise for about 45 minutes . take out the dough , gently deflate it by folding it in onto itself , turn it over , and place it back in the bowl . let it continue to rise for a further 45 minutes to an hour . when the dough has finished rising , take it out of the bowl and place it on lightly floured surface . lightly grease the bottom and inside lid of a 13 '' pain de mie pan . shape the dough into a log and place it in the pan . cover the pan with plastic wrap and allow to rise to just before the dough gets to the top edge of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . remove the plastic , and place the pain de mie cover , which has been greased on the bottom side , gently onto the pan . bake the bread for 45 minutes . the bread is done when its internal temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . turn the bread out onto a rack and cool it completely . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

you can use 1/2 ounce leftover biga starter ( from a past loaf ) instead of the instant yeast.we call for a pain de mie pan in this recipe because to make `` official '' pain de mie , you really do need this covered , straight-sided pan . however , you can also bake the loaf in a 10 '' x 5 '' ( best choice ) or 9 '' x 5 '' ( last choice ) loaf pan , though it wo n't have pain de mie 's signature fine-crumbed texture and boxcar shape.if you wish , you can take the bread out of the pan 10 minutes before it 's done and return it to the oven so the sides and bottom will brown more evenly .


soft wrap bread

let 's start with the sandwich basic : bread . there 's sandwich bread — a rectangular loaf , baked in a pan and sliced — and then there 's `` new age '' sandwich bread , any of a variety of tortillas , wraps or flatbreads designed to enfold , roll around , or cradle their fillings . we 've become really enamored of these wraps ; they 're easy to make , quick to bake , and sturdy enough to take wherever your meal ends up — indoors , outdoors , or in the car . we use a rather unusual method to make this bread : boiling water is added to the flour , `` cooking '' the starch and making the resultant dough soft and easy to roll out . in addition , pre-cooking the starch this way eliminates any possibility of a `` starchy '' taste in the final bread ; all in all , these wrap-like rounds are better tasting than conventional flour tortillas or other wraps . texture-wise , they 're more like a taco bell gordita or a pita bread than a tortilla , so if you like the bread in your sandwich to be a substantial part of the whole , this is a good recipe for your files .

361 g to 390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
283 g boiling water
43 g potato flour or potato flakes
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g vegetable oil
1 teaspoon instant yeast

place 2 cups of the flour into a bowl or the bucket of a bread machine . pour the boiling water over the flour , and stir until smooth . cover the bowl or bucket and set the mixture aside for 30 minutes . in a separate bowl , whisk together the potato flour ( or flakes ) and 1 cup of the remaining flour with the salt , oil and yeast . add this to the cooled flour/water mixture , stir , then knead for several minutes — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to form a soft dough . a 5-minute knead in the bread machine , once it gets up to full kneading speed , is fine . the dough should form a ball , but will remain somewhat sticky . add additional flour only if necessary ; if kneading by hand , keep your hands and work surface lightly oiled . let the dough rise , covered , for 1 hour . divide the dough into 8 pieces ( each about the size of a handball , around 3 ounces ) , cover , and let rest for 15 to 30 minutes . roll each piece into a 7 '' to 8 '' circle , and dry-fry them ( fry without oil ) over medium heat for about 1 minute per side , until they 're puffed and flecked with brown spots . adjust the heat if they seem to be cooking either too quickly , or too slowly ; cooking too quickly means they may be raw in the center , while too slowly will dry them out . transfer the cooked breads to a wire rack , stacking them to keep them soft . serve immediately , or cool slightly before storing in a plastic bag for up to 4 days . freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

this recipe works best with instant yeast because it dissolves during the kneading process , so you do n't have to knead liquid into the dough . if you really prefer to use active dry yeast , use only 1 cup boiling water for the initial dough , dissolve the yeast in 1/4 cup warm water , and add this mixture to the dough along with the potato flour mixture . it 'll be somewhat `` slippery '' at first , but will knead in and eventually become smooth.you can allow the dough to go through the entire kneading cycle ( s ) in the bread machine , but it 's not necessary ; about a 5-minute knead in the machine , once it gets up to full kneading speed , is fine . the dough should form a ball , but will remain somewhat sticky . add additional flour only if necessary ; if kneading by hand , keep your hands and work surface lightly oiled . let the dough rise , covered , for 1 hour .


sandwich bread for the mini zo bread machine

king arthur has a number of devoted bread-machine bakers , and this is everyone 's favorite sandwich loaf . high-rising , close-grained , and with a hint of sweetness , it slices without crumbling and keeps well on the counter . this version is perfect for zojirushi 's 1-pound bread machine .

1 teaspoon instant yeast
1 tablespoon + 2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
57 g lukewarm milk
25 g vegetable oil or 1 ounce butter
152 g lukewarm water
283 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

place all ingredients into the pan of your machine , and program the machine for basic white bread . press start . remove the bread when it 's done , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool .




gluten-free soft pretzels

whether you enjoy softer mall-style or chewier stadium-style pretzels , this recipe is sure to please . their salty , `` alkalized '' taste , thick crust , and soft interior crumb are true to the flavors and textures of the pretzels we all know and love .

pretzels

553 g king arthur gluten-free flour
39 g brown sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
283 g warm water
1 large egg , room temperature
28 g soft butter

water bath

3629 g water
50 g baking soda
25 g granulated sugar

topping

coarse , kosher , or pretzel salt , optional

combine the flour , sugar , yeast , salt , xanthan gum , and baking powder . add the water , egg , and butter and stir until a firm dough forms , about 4 minutes in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment . if the dough seems dry , add 1 to 2 tablespoons water . knead the dough until smooth , then transfer it to a lightly greased bowl . cover and let rise until almost doubled , 45 to 90 minutes . preheat the oven to 425°f . lightly grease two baking sheets , or line them with parchment . bring 4 quarts water to a boil in a large pot . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface . gently deflate it , and divide it into 12 equal pieces . cover the pieces and , one at a time , roll them into 12 '' to 14 '' ropes . shape the ropes into pretzels and place them on the prepared pans . add the baking soda and sugar to the boiling water and wait for the foam to subside . drop the pretzels one at a time into the water , and boil them for about 5 seconds ; they should initially sink , then float to the surface in that time . return the pretzels to the pans and sprinkle them with the coarse salt of your choice , if desired . bake the pretzels until golden brown and finished to your liking , about 18 to 20 minutes for soft pretzels , 25 minutes for chewier pretzels , and 35 minutes for hard pretzels . allow the pretzels to cool on the pans for 10 minutes before serving . yield : 12 pretzels .

tips from our bakers

for extra-soft pretzels , brush warm pretzels with melted butter and serve immediately.for cinnamon-sugar pretzels , omit the salt topping . brush the pretzels with melted butter and shake in cinnamon-sugar after they finish baking.for pretzel shaping techniques , see our blog , flourish . it 's important that you use just a dusting of flour on your work surface . if there 's too much flour it will be hard to roll out the dough , and the dough wo n't stick to itself when you form the pretzel.when baking two pans of pretzels at once , it 's a good idea to adjust your oven racks to the middle/upper and lower positions of your oven ; rotate the pans halfway through the baking time .


gluten-free cornbread

we like our cornbread a little sweet here in new england . if you like a more southern-style cornbread , feel free to cut down on the sugar .

255 g yellow cornmeal
234 g gluten-free multi-purpose flour
43 g buttermilk powder
11 g king arthur cake enhancer , optional
1 tablespoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
71 g melted butter or oil ( 2 1/4 ounces )
106 g brown sugar
340 g water
14 g vinegar , cider or white
3 large eggs

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 9 '' square pan . whisk together the cornmeal , gluten-free multi-purpose flour , buttermilk powder , cake enhancer , baking powder , salt , xanthan gum , and baking soda . whisk together the melted butter or oil , sugar , water , vinegar , and eggs . stir in 1 cup of the dry ingredients . add the remaining dry ingredients about 1 cup at a time ; after each addition , scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl , and beat for 30 seconds on medium-high speed . once all the dry ingredients have been added , beat on medium speed for an additional 2 to 3 minutes . spoon the batter into the prepared pan . use your wet fingers to gently smooth the surface . let the cornbread sit for 10 minutes . bake the cornbread for 25 to 30 minutes , until it 's golden brown , about 3 to 4 minutes beyond the point where a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . the internal temperature of the finished bread should be 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , cool 5 minutes , and serve warm . yield : about 12 servings .




panzanella bread salad

panzanella toscana has been a favorite of residents of italy 's tuscany region for at least 500 years . although we have here a recipe for you to follow , most tuscans simply combine chewy bread cubes with fresh vegetables ( whatever 's on hand ) , fresh basil , tomatoes and good olive oil , in varying combinations and amounts . just let it sit before serving , so the bread absorbs the flavors and becomes chewy and slightly soft . with its anchovies , eggs and touch of parmesan cheese , this salad is reminiscent in flavor of caesar salad . feel free to experiment until you come up with a salad that 's just to your taste .

salad

142 g crouton-sized cubes of italian or french bread ( or tuscan bread ) , lightly toasted
1 medium cucumber , peeled , seeded and diced
2 medium-sized tomatoes , diced
1 small sweet pepper ( any color ) , seeded , deribbed and diced
1 medium-sized red onion , finely sliced
3 or 4 large romaine lettuce leaves , torn into bite-sized pieces
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil , or 1 teaspoon dried
2 hard-cooked eggs , cut into wedges
2 tablespoons parmesan cheese

dressing

99 g olive oil
43 g red wine vinegar
1 medium garlic clove , finely chopped
salt and pepper to taste
6 flat anchovy fillets
1 1/2 tablespoons capers

in a large bowl , combine the bread , cucumber , tomatoes , pepper , onion , lettuce and basil . to make the dressing : beat together the olive oil , vinegar , garlic , salt and pepper . mash the anchovies and drained capers together ; add to the oil/vinegar mixture . pour the dressing over the salad and toss gently . garnish with hard-cooked egg wedges . cover and chill for about 30 minutes . when ready to serve , remove from the refrigerator and sprinkle with the parmesan cheese .

tips from our bakers

you might tend to ignore recipe directions which call for you to seed cucumbers and tomatoes , but in this case it 's a good idea ; before adding the dressing , you want this salad to be as dry as possible . the dressing — rather than any liquid from the vegetables — should provide the moisture .


honey whole wheat beer bread

for quick and easy whole wheat bread without the kneading , this batter bread is your answer . enhanced with a touch of honey , butter , and crunchy , beer-soaked grains , it 's a great bread , either plain or buttered , to enjoy alongside a bowl of soup or stew .

113 g six-grain blend
340 g beer
283 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
71 g melted butter , divided
85 g honey

combine the six-grain blend and beer in a large measuring cup and set aside to soak for 2 hours or longer . preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . whisk together the flour , baking powder , and salt . add 4 tablespoons of the melted butter , the honey , and the beer-grain mixture , and stir until fairly smooth ; some small lumps are okay . spoon the batter into the prepared pan , smoothing the top . brush with the remaining tablespoon of melted butter . bake the bread for 50 to 55 minutes , until a toothpick inserted about 1/2 '' into the top of the loaf comes out clean , or with a few moist crumbs clinging to it ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf will register between 195°f and 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack to cool . wait until the bread cools completely before slicing . store airtight at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




our favorite sticky buns

with milk , potato , eggs , and sour cream in the dough , these syrup- and nut-topped buns are moist , tender ... and packed with flavor .

dough

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk
46 g potato flour , cornstarch , or instant potato flakes
28 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver ; optional , but helpful for rolling
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
50 g granulated sugar
113 g lukewarm water
227 g sour cream
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons buttery sweet dough flavor or vanilla extract

filling

152 g baker 's cinnamon filling* mixed with 1/4 cup water*
*see `` tips , '' below .

topping

85 g melted butter
106 g brown sugar
50 g sticky bun sugar*
113 g diced pecans or walnuts
*see `` tips , '' below .

to make the dough : whisk the dry ingredients together , then stir in the water , sour cream , eggs , and flavor . mix and knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a very soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 to 2 hours ; it 'll become slightly puffy , but wo n't double in bulk . while the dough is rising , prepare the pan ( s ) : use a 9 '' x 13 '' pan , or two 9 '' round pans . to make the topping : spread the melted butter in the bottom of the pan , and sprinkle the sugars over it . spread the diced nuts over the sugars . to assemble the buns : transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and roll it into a 16 '' x 20 '' rectangle . spread it with the cinnamon filling , leaving an uncovered strip about 1 '' wide along one short edge of the dough . starting with the filling-covered short edge , roll the dough into a log , and slice it into 16 slices , each about 1 '' wide . place the buns in the prepared pan ( s ) , leaving about 1/2 '' between them . cover the pan ( s ) , and let the buns rise for 90 minutes ; again , they wo n't rise much , they 'll just seem to spread a bit . want to shape the buns , then refrigerate overnight and bake the next day ? see `` tips , '' below . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . to bake the buns : bake the sticky buns for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting them lightly with aluminum foil for the final 5 minutes if they appear to be browning too quickly . the finished buns will be golden brown . remove the buns from the oven , loosen their edges with a knife , and carefully turn them out onto a rack or parchment-covered sheet pan to cool , scraping any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns . serve warm , or at room temperature . store leftovers at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

we love the creamy color and satisfying flavor potato flour lends these buns , but if you do n't have it ( or potato flakes ) , substitute cornstarch ( or 1/4 cup additional all-purpose flour ) .for buns that are less sticky but still delicious , substitute additional brown sugar for the sticky bun sugar.no baker 's cinnamon filling in your pantry ? substitute with 8 tablespoons softened butter , 1 cup brown sugar , and 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon , mixed together until smooth . omit the water listed with the baker 's cinnamon filling.want to prep buns the night before , and bake in the morning ? make the dough , shape the buns , and place them in the pan ( with the glaze ) ; do n't let them rise . place the pan of buns in the refrigerator for up to 16 hours before you want to serve hot buns . remove the buns from the fridge , and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour . bake them in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes , until they 're golden brown and the filling is bubbly .


fruit & poppy seed loaf

cardamom adds a haunting background note in this blueberry and cranberry fruited loaf , but the flavor is brightened with lemon oil . it 's an excellent vehicle for your finest jams .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
67 g sugar
46 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
39 g poppy seeds
85 g dried cranberries or dried blueberries
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom
57 g butter
227 g water
2 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon lemon oil
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

measure all of the dry ingredients into the pan of your bread machine . melt the butter in the water , cool to lukewarm , and add the water mixture , eggs , lemon oil and yeast to the pan . program your machine for light crust , whole-grain or whole wheat setting , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle ; it should be smooth and supple , not `` gnarly . '' adjust the consistency with additional flour or water as needed . allow the machine to complete its cycle , and transfer the bread to a wire rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




stuffed buns ( pirozhki )

inspired by russian pirozhki , these `` small pies '' envelop a savory cheese and beef filling in a pocket of pillowy soft dough enriched with sour cream , butter , and eggs . we love them served hot from the oven as an appetizer , or alongside soup or salad for a more substantial meal . they can also be enjoyed at room temperature for an easy on-the-go snack or quick meal .

dough

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g vermont cheese powder
113 g sour cream
57 g soft unsalted butter
113 g warm water
2 large eggs
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

14 g vegetable or olive oil
1 small peeled onion or shallot , finely diced ; about 99 g
1 clove garlic , finely chopped
227 g ground beef
salt and pepper , to taste
chopped parsley , fresh or dried , to taste
170 g shredded cheddar cheese
1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water , to brush on dough

to make the dough : combine all the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until a soft , smooth dough forms . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow to rest for about 90 minutes , until puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk . to make the filling : heat the oil in a sauté pan set over medium heat . add the onion and cook until translucent . add the garlic and ground beef and cook for 5 to 10 minutes , breaking the meat up as it browns , until it 's cooked through . season the filling with salt , pepper , and parsley , remove it from the heat , and cool to room temperature . stir in the cheese . the filling can be made ahead of time , then wrapped and stored in the refrigerator until ready to use . divide the dough into 16 equal pieces ; if you have a scale they 'll weigh about 2 ounces each . shape the pieces into balls , and place them on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets , leaving about an inch between them . cover the dough balls , and allow them to rest for about 15 minutes . shape each ball into a flattened round about 5 '' in diameter , brush the surface with some of the egg/water wash , and place 2 tablespoons of filling onto the center of each round ; our tablespoon cookie scoop works well here . pull the dough over the filling , pinching two opposite edges together tightly , to seal in the filling ; it should look like a dumpling . place the buns on two lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . cover the buns , and allow them to rise for 1 hour , or until puffy . towards the end of the rising time preheat the oven to 400°f . brush the buns with the remaining egg wash. bake the buns for 15 to 20 minutes , until golden brown . it 's ok if some of the seams have come undone and the filling is visible ; they can be prettier that way ! remove the buns from the oven and allow them to cool for 5 to 10 minutes before serving . store any leftover buns in the refrigerator .

tips from our bakers

although we 've opted for a hearty meat filling here , a vegetarian option can be made with sautéed onions and cabbage , chopped hard-boiled eggs , and/or ricotta.salting `` to taste '' can be tricky , since you never know where to start . we 've found that a scant 1 teaspoon salt per pound of ground beef adds enough salt to enhance flavor , but not enough to taste salty .


christmas in vermont bread

this soft , tender sweet bread features a hint of maple in the filling and glaze .

dough

170 g lukewarm milk
85 g butter
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor ; or 1/4 teaspoon pralines & cream or butter-rum flavor ; or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
57 g brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 large eggs plus 1 yolk ( reserve the white )

filling and topping

113 g maple sugar or 106 g brown sugar
53 g brown sugar
92 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
96 g pecan meal or almond flour , or very finely ground pecans or almonds
57 g melted butter

glaze

39 g maple sugar or 53 g brown sugar
28 g butter
28 g milk
57 g glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar

to make the dough : melt the butter in the milk , and let cool to lukewarm . combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a very soft , shiny , slightly sticky dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . to make the filling : stir together all of the filling ingredients until they form coarse crumbs . set them aside . grease a large tube pan or a wreath pan . scoop about half of the dough into the greased pan . sprinkle about two-thirds of the filling atop the dough . top with the remaining dough . beat the reserved egg white until foamy . brush over the dough , and sprinkle with the remaining filling/topping . cover lightly with greased plastic wrap , and let rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's golden brown . let the bread cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn it out onto a rack to cool while you make the glaze . mix the glaze ingredients together and heat them , in a saucepan or in the microwave , until the sugar dissolves . place the loaf on a serving plate and brush with the warm glaze . cool completely before slicing with a serrated knife . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days on the counter , or 3 months in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

looking for the right pan for this bread ? try the
monkey bread tube pan and then use it all year long for monkey bread , too .


honey wheat rolls

you 'd never know these tasty dinner rolls are made mainly with whole wheat flour . soft and moist , honey gives them just a touch of natural sweetness . our guarantee : these rolls will rise about 2 1/2 '' high , and will have a soft ( not crunchy ) crust and moist , tender interior . their flavor is pleasantly mild whole wheat .

1 packet active dry yeast , or 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast , or 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g lukewarm water
57 g orange juice
57 g ( 1/2 stick ) unsalted butter , cut into 6 pieces
64 g honey
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
43 g instant mashed potato flakes or potato flour
21 g nonfat dry milk*
*see `` tips , '' below .

if you 're using active dry yeast , dissolve it with a pinch of sugar in 2 tablespoons of the lukewarm water . let the yeast and water sit at room temperature for 15 minutes , until the mixture has bubbled and expanded . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the dissolved yeast with the remainder of the water and the rest of the ingredients . mix and knead everything togetherby hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycletill you 've made a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it should take about 5 to 7 minutes at second speed . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you 've made a smooth dough . if the dough seems very sticky and you 're using a stand mixer , it helps to beat it with the beater blade at medium-high speed for several minutes ( if the warranty on your mixer allows this ) , until it starts to come together in a mass . after that , switch to the dough hook at medium-low speed for 5 to 7 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , till it 's quite puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 90 minutes to 2 hours . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan , or two 9 '' round cake pans . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . divide it into 16 pieces , or 24 pieces , depending on whether you want larger or smaller rolls . shape each piece into a rough ball by pulling the dough into a very small knot at the bottom ( think of a balloon with its opening knotted ) , then rolling it under the palm of your hand into a smooth ball . place the rolls in the 9 '' x 13 '' pan , or divide them between the round cake pans , spacing them evenly ; they wo n't touch one another . if you 've made 24 rolls and are using a 9 '' x 13 '' pan , position them in four long rows of six . cover the pans with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the rolls to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours . they 'll become very puffy , and will reach out and touch one another . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 15 minutes then , if they appear to be browning too quickly , tent them loosely with aluminum foil . continue to bake until they 're mahogany-brown on top , but lighter colored on the sides , an additional 10 to 13 minutes . remove the rolls from the oven , and after 2 or 3 minutes , carefully transfer them to a rack . brush them with melted butter , if desired , for a soft , buttery crust . serve warm , or at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

no dry milk in your pantry ? substitute 1 cup lukewarm milk for the 1 cup water and 1/4 cup dry milk . do n't bother heating the orange juice to lukewarm ; you can use it straight out of the fridge . the orange juice wo n't add its own flavor to the rolls , but will mellow any potential bitterness in the whole wheat.for a shiny crust , whisk together 1 large egg white + 1 tablespoon cold water . brush on rolls just before baking ; sprinkle rolls with quick-cooking oats as a garnish , if desired .


sourdough bruschetta

thin slices of these baguettes , with their fine crumb and crunchy crust , make a perfect bed for any of your favorite bruschetta toppings .

baguettes

113 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
170 g lukewarm water
1 teaspoon instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

425 g canned cannellini beans , rinsed and drained
1 pint grape tomatoes , quartered
71 g diced red onion
25 g olive oil
14 g lemon juice
1 tablespoon pizza seasoning
25 g olive oil , for brushing on baguettes

to make the baguettes : combine all of the dough ingredients , kneading to form a smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 hour . refrigerate , covered , for 12 to 18 hours . divide the dough in half . shape each piece into a 15 '' to 16 '' baguette , and place on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or into a baguette pan . cover the baguettes and let them rise until very puffy , about 3 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . spritz the baguettes with water , and make three fairly deep diagonal slashes in each . bake the baguettes for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . to make the topping : combine all of the topping ingredients . to assemble the bruschetta : slice the baguettes 3/4 '' thick on the diagonal . brush one side of each slice with oil . place slices oiled side up on a baking sheet , and broil until the slices are lightly browned , about 2 minutes . cool the toasts completely , then spoon a heaping tablespoon of topping onto each one . yield : about 30 bruschetta .

tips from our bakers

to make the baguettes in a stoneware baguette baker , divide the dough into 3 pieces , and follow the shaping and baking instructions for easy crusty baguettes .


pecan wheat bread ( 2 pound loaf )

if you 're lukewarm about plain whole wheat bread , try it toasted — what a difference ! the naturally sweet , nutty flavor and aroma of the wheat is enhanced by the toaster 's heat . serve a few toasts at your next brunch — whole wheat , oatmeal and cinnamon — to bring out the appetite in even the pickiest breakfast eater .

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
312 g water
53 g dark brown sugar
28 g butter
298 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
113 g walnuts , chopped , or 113 g pecan meal

combine the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until a smooth dough is formed . transfer it to a lightly oiled bowl , turning to coat all sides . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until puffy , at least 1 hour . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , shape it into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . tent the dough with lightly greased plastic wrap , or with a dough rising cover , and allow it to rise until it has just cleared the rim of the pan , about 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes . the interior temperature of the finished loaf should register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pan , and place it on a wire rack to cool . store on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you 'd like a loaf that has a taller , mushroom shape , use an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pan instead . allow the bread to rise about 1 '' over the rim of the smaller pan.while the bread is hot , lightly brush it with butter or margarine , or spray it with butter-flavored pan spray ; this will keep the crust soft and give it a nice satiny shine .


buttery sage crescent rolls

think of thanksgiving and you 'll find the aromas of childhood coming back : apple pie , pumpkin pie , cinnamon and nutmeg , sage-y stuffing , cranberry relish , creamed onions , sweet potatoes broiling with that sticky , gooey mass of miniature marshmallows on top , and of course , turkey . these fragrant sage rolls make the whole house smell great . they 're easy to make and can be done a day ahead of time , or you can freeze them and pull them out whenever you need them .

227 g warm water
11 g sugar
11 g active dry yeast
227 g warm milk
113 g butter or margarine , softened
2 large eggs , beaten
1 tablespoon dried sage
14 g salt
1084 g ( approx . ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g butter , melted , to rub on the dough before rising
113 g butter , melted , to brush on the crescents

dissolve the sugar and yeast in the water . add 1/2 cup all-purpose flour . let this sit for 10 minutes , to give the yeast a chance to get going . add the milk , butter , eggs , sage , and salt . stir well . the butter will be lumpy , do n't worry , as the lumps will get broken up in the kneading process . add the flour a cup at a time , until the dough has formed a shaggy mass . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter . knead the dough , adding more flour as needed , until the dough has formed a smooth and satiny ball . put the dough into a bowl and coat with 2 tablespoons melted butter . cover the bowl with plastic wrap . let the dough rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . punch the dough down and knead it to expel any air bubbles . divide the dough in four pieces . roll one piece of the dough into a circle 1/4 '' thick and 9 '' in diameter . cut the dough into 9 triangles ( as if you were cutting a pie ) . roll each triangle into a crescent shape , starting with the curved side and rolling toward the point . place the crescents on a parchment-lined or greased baking sheet . make sure that the tip of the crescent is pinched well to attach it to the roll and that it is underneath the roll . curve the ends to form a gentle c-shape . repeat with the remaining triangles . brush the completed rolls with melted butter . roll out , cut , and form the remaining pieces of dough . cover the crescents with a piece of greased plastic wrap and let them rise for 25 to 35 minutes , or until puffy but not quite doubled in size . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the crescents for about 20 minutes , or until golden brown . remove them from the oven . store at room temperature for up to 3 days , or freeze them for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

this is one of those recipes that is easily adaptable to many shapes . you can make a few rolls in each shape for a festive-looking assortment . here are a few of the classic shapes : cloverleaf rolls : butter muffin tins . melt 3/4 cup ( 12 tablespoons , 6 ounces , 170g ) of butter . divide the dough into 48 pieces . take each piece and divide into three pieces . roll the three pieces into balls . roll each ball in melted butter and place three balls in each muffin cup . let the rolls rise as directed and bake at 350°f for 20 minutes.fan tans : butter muffin tins . melt 1/2 cup ( 8 tablespoons , 4 ounces , 113g ) of butter . divide the dough into 4 pieces . roll each piece into a rectangle 1/4 '' thick . butter each rectangle and place them on top of one another so that you have a stack of 4 layers . cut the stack into 2 '' squares . place each 2 '' stack , one of the cut sides up , in each muffin cup . let rise as directed and bake at 350°f for 20 minutes.simple round rolls : melt 1/2 cup ( 8 tablespoons , 4 ounces , 113g ) of butter . divide the dough into 48 pieces . roll each into a ball . place each ball on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . brush with melted butter and let rise as directed . bake at 350°f for 20-25 minutes.monkey bread : who knows how or why this got the name of 'monkey bread ' , but it 's very tasty . grease two tube or bundt-style pans . melt 3/4 cup ( 12 tablespoons , 6 ounces , 170g ) of butter . divide the dough into 48 pieces . roll into balls and dip each ball into the melted butter . place 24 balls into each pan . the balls will be on top of each other . let the dough rise as directed and bake in a 350°f oven for 30 to 40 minutes .


black buns

a scottish tradition for centuries , this fruit-filled bread is found in the windows of bakeries during the holidays . home versions these days are often made with pie pastry surrounding a fruitcake , but here we hark back to the older , yeast-based version , baked up as smaller , gift-sized loaves .

dough

2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
340 g milk
25 g sugar
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
113 g unsalted butter , at room temperature

filling

43 g molasses
1 large egg yolk ( save the white for the egg wash )
113 g dried cranberries
170 g raisins
113 g diced prunes
74 g diced dried fig or chopped dates
85 g orange marmalade
57 g sliced almonds
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom or mace
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
28 g whiskey

glaze ( optional )

113 g sifted confectioners ' sugar
14 g whiskey
14 g heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing and kneading until a soft dough forms . cover and let rise until doubled , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . divide the dough in half . put half into a bowl , cover , and refrigerate . put the remaining half back in the mixing bowl , and mix in all of the filling ingredients . this will be quite messy at first , but the dough will come together as you continue mixing . once the filling is thoroughly mixed into the dough , divide it into six equal pieces . shape each piece into a ball as best you can ; it will be sticky ; wetting your hands first will help with this . to assemble : remove the reserved dough from the refrigerator and divide it into six equal pieces . round each into a ball , cover , and let rest for 10 minutes . grease the wells of an oversized muffin pan , or line a baking sheet with parchment . roll each ball of dough into a 6 '' round , about 1/2 '' thick ; make the edges thinner if you can ( a tapered pastry pin is best for this ) . place one of the balls of filling in the center , and bring the edges up and around to meet on the top , overlapping to enclose the filling as needed . pinch the dough together and place , pleated side down , in the wells of the prepared pan or on the baking sheet . repeat with the remaining dough and filling . cover the buns with greased plastic and let them rise for 40 minutes . halfway through the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . at the end of the rise time ( the buns wo n't look very different ; that 's ok ) , brush the tops with the reserved egg white beaten with a tablespoon of water . score or poke the tops of the buns in a decorative pattern . bake the buns for 50 to 55 minutes , until the tops are golden brown ( check after 35 minutes and tent with foil if needed ) , and the center measures 195°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove them from the oven , tilt them out of the pan , and cool on a rack . to make the glaze : whisk together all of the ingredients to make a smooth glaze ; drizzle over the tops of the cooled buns .




caramel-apple cinnamon buns

this recipe is a great new twist on cinnamon buns . the apple and caramel mirror the flavors found in one of our favorite autumn treats , caramel apples . these buns are best served warm ; so if you have to wait awhile before sharing , gently reheat in the oven for 5 to 10 minutes before serving .

dough

369 g pastry flour blend or 390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
43 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
35 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
43 g butter
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor or vanilla extract
1 large egg
227 g lukewarm milk

filling

99 g sugar
21 g instant clearjel or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
227 g peeled , grated apple ( 1 to 2 large apples )
14 g lemon juice
113 g chopped walnuts , optional



142 g caramel sauce ( see tip , below )

to make the dough : mix and knead all the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , slightly sticky dough . cover the dough , and let it rest for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until doubled in bulk . to make the filling : combine the sugar , clearjel , and cinnamon . toss the apples with the lemon juice ; combine them with the sugar mixture . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface . roll it into a 12 '' x 24 '' rectangle . spread with the filling , and top with walnuts . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a log and seal the edge . cut 12 equal slices ; place them cut-side up in standard muffin cups lined with lightly greased baking papers . cover the buns and let them rise until puffy , 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 20 to 25 minutes , until lightly browned . remove the buns from the oven . cool for 10 minutes , then drizzle with caramel sauce . yield : 12 buns .

tips from our bakers

our salted caramel sauce is a wonderful complement to these buns .


double chocolate banana bread

chocolate meets banana in this version of one of the most popular breads we know . we like to make two mini loaves so one can be eaten straight away , and the other can be tucked away for later .

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
11 g king arthur all-purpose baking cocoa , or dutch-process cocoa
113 g soft unsalted butter
99 g sugar
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
227 g mashed banana ( about 2 medium bananas )
113 g sour cream
170 g semisweet chocolate chips , chocolate mini chips preferred

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease two 3 1/4 '' x 5 3/4 '' mini loaf pans , or one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . combine the flour , baking soda , salt , and cocoa . in a separate bowl , beat the butter and sugar until light and creamy . beat in the egg , then stir in the vanilla , banana , and sour cream . gently mix in the dry ingredients and chocolate chips until well incorporated . pour the batter into the pan ( s ) and bake for 45 to 60 minutes ( bake for the shorter time for two mini loaves and the longer time for the larger loaf ) , until a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the bread ( s ) from the oven , and allow to rest in the pan ( s ) for 10 minutes . turn the bread ( s ) out onto a rack to cool completely . yield : one 9 '' x 5 '' loaf or two mini loaves .




hazelnut golden raisin baguettes

these baguettes feature a blend of fruit , nuts , and the distinctive licorice taste of fennel . leave out the fennel if you like , but it really does lend a mild but interesting flavor to these loaves .

sponge

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or french-style flour
28 g rye flour ( white , medium , or pumpernickel ) or king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
283 g water
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the sponge
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or french-style flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
142 g toasted , coarsely chopped hazelnuts
128 g golden raisins
1 tablespoon fennel seeds , lightly toasted ( optional )

to make the sponge : mix together , cover , and set aside to rest for 12 to 24 hours at room temperature ; the longer you let it sit , the more of a tang your bread will have . to make the dough : mix and knead together the sponge , flour , salt , and yeast for 8 to 10 minutes , until the dough becomes smooth and elastic . add the hazelnuts , raisins and fennel seeds , kneading until everything is evenly incorporated . place in a greased bowl , cover , and allow to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until nearly doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it in half . form it into logs about 10 '' to 12 '' long , and place them on baking sheets ( or in a couche ) . cover , and let rise for 1 hour . if baking on a stone : preheat the oven and stone for 30 minutes at 475°f . just before placing the loaves in the oven , cut three or four diagonal slices down the center of each , and spritz with water . place the loaves on the stone , then reduce the oven heat to 375°f . bake the baguettes for 20 to 24 minutes , until they 're medium brown . if baking on sheet pans : preheat the oven to 450°f . prepare the baguettes for the oven as directed above , and bake for 10 minutes . reduce the oven heat to 375°f and continue baking for an additional 10 to 12 minutes . store bread , well-wrapped , for 2 days at room temperature . freeze for up to a month .




soft onion rolls

not typically found in your modern local coffeeshop or bakery display case , these onion-filled rolls provide a reminder of now-closed old-school bakeries . more tender than a new york bialy , these rolls are a mildly pungent partner to a great cup of drip coffee on a cool , rainy morning .

dough

113 g water
170 g milk
57 g butter or margarine , melted
50 g vegetable oil
1 large egg
2 teaspoons salt
14 g sugar
539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g instant yeast

topping

57 g dehydrated minced onions
25 g vegetable oil
11 g poppy seeds

egg wash

1 large egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water

combine the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or machine — kneading until the dough is smooth and supple , but not tacky . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for 1 hour . it 'll appear puffy , though not necessarily doubled in bulk . to make the topping : place the dehydrated onions in a small bowl , cover them with water by about 2 '' , and allow them to soak for 1 to 2 hours . drain the onions , then squeeze them as dry as you can in a piece of cheesecloth , or a double layer of paper towels . mix the onions with the vegetable oil and poppy seeds , stir to combine the mixture , and set it aside . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface . to assemble and bake the rolls : divide the dough into 12 pieces . let the dough pieces rest , covered , for 15 minutes . flatten each piece into a 5 '' -circle , using your fingers to pull the dough outward from the center . if you want the tops to be perfectly smooth , give each piece a swipe with a rolling pin . transfer the circles to parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheets . top half of each circle with about 2 teaspoons filling , leaving a border around the edge , then brush the border with some of the egg wash . fold the circle in half , and press the edges together to seal . gently flatten and shape the rolls into ovals . brush the top of each roll with the egg wash , and top with 1 teaspoon of the filling , spreading it over the surface of the roll . let the rolls rise , uncovered ( or very loosely covered with greased plastic wrap ) for 1 hour , or until they 're just puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 30 to 35 minutes , or until they 're a light , golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven , and cool them on a wire rack . store the rolls , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

while you may choose to use about 3/4 cup finely chopped fresh onion , reconstituted dehydrated onion is the traditional ingredient in bakery onion rolls ( as well as on bakery bialys ) .


sesame seed rolls

paved with sesame , these rolls are chewy , with a great rise and spring in the oven . the recipe is very large — feel free to divide it in half . the dough is can be used for rolls or loaves of bread .

sponge

11 g sugar
227 g lukewarm water
11 g active dry yeast or instant yeast
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

11 g sugar
907 g lukewarm water
11 g active dry yeast or instant yeast
1325 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
18 g kosher salt
60 g olive oil

wash + topping

57 g milk
sesame seeds or whole flax seeds

to make the sponge : dissolve the sugar and yeast in the lukewarm water . stir in the unbleached all-purpose flour . cover the sponge with plastic wrap and allow it to rise until it 's very light , about 1 hour . to make the dough : dissolve the sugar and yeast in the lukewarm water . mix the liquid into the sponge above . add the rest of the flour to the dough mixture . sprinkle the kosher salt and the olive oil on top of the flour . stir well until dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl , adding additional flour if necessary . turn the dough onto a floured surface and knead for 10 minutes . additional flour may be needed , but the dough should be soft and satiny . wash and dry the bowl , and oil it lightly . place the kneaded dough in bowl and cover it with plastic wrap . allow the dough to rise until puffy , about 1 hour . turn the dough out onto a floured surface . press it lightly to spread to about 2 '' thick . with a plastic scraper , press down through the dough to make four equal-sized strips . cut each strip into pieces about 2 '' long , about 2 ounces ( 57g ) each . to shape the rolls : put the milk and the sesame or flax seeds in separate shallow dishes . line a few baking sheets with parchment . pick up a cut dough piece and stretch the top surface while tucking all the edges to the bottom . pinch the bottom edges tight . dip the top of the roll in the shallow dish of milk and then into the sesame seeds . turn over and press the bottom of the roll into the seeds . no more milk is necessary . on a flat surface , press the seeded dough as flat as you can . they usually flatten to about 3/8 '' by about 5 '' . place about a dozen rolls to a baking sheet with space between them . cover lightly with plastic wrap . allow the rolls to rise until puffy . preheat the oven to 450°f . to bake the rolls : bake them for 15 to 18 minutes , or until golden . store the rolls , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to make two loaves : cut the dough in half , flatten , then tuck all edges to the bottom until the top of the dough is stretched tight . pinch bottom very tight . dip in milk and seeds , allow to rise until puffy , then bake at 350°f for 50 minutes .
to make four loaves : divide the dough in four and follow the directions above . bake the loaves for 25 minutes at 450°f.our thanks to elizabeth k. maraschino of whitestone , n.y. for sharing this recipe .


provolone oregano focaccia

focaccia is a dimpled flat bread from italy . it 's perfect any time of the year , but is especially wonderful using the herbs from a summer garden .

2 cloves garlic , finely chopped
67 g olive oil
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
340 g warm ( 110°f ) water
7 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
163 g semolina flour
113 g finely diced provolone cheese
7 g fresh oregano leaves ( see `` tips '' , below . )
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

heat garlic and oil over medium heat until garlic begins to brown slightly . remove from heat and cool . in a large bowl , stir yeast into water to soften . add sugar , salt , 2 tablespoons of the cooled garlic/olive oil mixture , whole wheat flour , semolina flour , provolone cheese , and oregano . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . gradually add flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put dough into an oiled bowl . turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover with towel and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . turn dough onto a lightly oiled work surface . press with hands into a 14 '' circle . do not remove all the air ; big holes make the bread more interesting . put in a 14 '' round deep-dish pizza pan . press the dough to the edges . cover and let rise for 25 minutes . dimple the dough — press all the way to the bottom of the pan with fingertips . each hole should be about 1 '' from the next . cover the dough and let rise for 20 minutes more . just before baking , drizzle the top of the dough with the remaining garlic/olive oil mixture , allowing it to puddle in the dimples . bake in a preheated 400°f oven for 25 minutes , or until done . immediately remove bread from pan and put on a wire rack . focaccia is best eaten slightly warm , or at room temperature . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

while fresh oregano is suggested , thyme , basil , sage or parsley are also good on focaccia . if you do n't have any fresh herbs , use 2 teaspoons dried oregano instead .


ridiculously easy no-knead sticky buns

jeff hertzberg and zoe francois ' wonderful book , `` artisan bread in five minutes a day , '' is the inspiration for these sticky buns . we took the authors ' dough recipe , and tweaked it a tiny bit ; then added our own favorite filling and topping . if you 're someone who enjoys over-the-top sweet rolls , without a lot of fuss , this recipe 's for you . note that you have some choices for the filling . our baker 's cinnamon filling mixed with water yields a dark , thick , rich cinnamon filling . but if you choose not to use it , simply mix granulated sugar with cinnamon ( no water ! ) , and sprinkle it over the dough for a lighter , milder filling .

dough

936 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour*
1 tablespoon + 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoons instant yeast
397 g lukewarm water
4 large eggs
170 g honey
113 g melted butter or 3 1/2 ounces vegetable oil
*see step # 1 , below .

filling

106 g baker 's cinnamon filling* mixed with 1 1/2 ounces water
*substitute 2/3 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon for the baker 's cinnamon filling and water , if desired . if you use sugar and cinnamon , do not add the water .

topping

43 g butter , melted
43 g maple syrup or corn syrup , light or dark
18 g sticky bun sugar*
71 g brown sugar
75 g pecan halves or coarsely chopped pecans
*substitute brown sugar for the sticky bun sugar , if desired

the flour/liquid ratio is important in this recipe . if you measure flour by sprinkling it into your measuring cup , then gently sweeping off the excess , use 7 3/4 cups . if you measure flour by dipping your cup into the canister , then sweeping off the excess , use 6 3/4 cups . most accurate of all , and guaranteed to give you the best results , if you measure flour by weight , use 33 ounces . to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , in the order written , in a very large bowl ( at least 6 quarts ) . stir to make a sticky dough . you can do this in a stand mixer and then transfer to a larger bowl ; or simply use a big bowl and spoon ( or dough whisk ) . cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for 2 hours at cool room temperature . refrigerate the dough for at least several hours , to chill it and make it easier to work with . it can be refrigerated for up to 3 days before using . when you 're ready to make sticky buns , make the filling . combine the baker 's cinnamon filling and water , stirring till smooth . set aside . to make the topping : spread the melted butter and syrup ( or honey ) in a lightly greased 9 '' round cake pan . sprinkle the sugar ( s ) atop the butter , then scatter the nuts atop the sugar ( s ) . set aside . to make sticky buns : spray your hand with non-stick vegetable oil spray , and dip it into the dough in the bucket . pinch off/pull out 1/3 of the dough ; this is about the size of a large softball or a large grapefruit , a scant 22 ounces . for best accuracy , weigh on a scale . place the remaining dough back in the refrigerator , to use another time . or wrap and store in the freezer . this dough recipe is enough to make three 8 '' or 9 '' round pans of sticky buns . transfer the dough to a floured work surface , and rol1 it into a rectangle approximately 15 '' x 10 '' . spread the filling over the dough , leaving a narrow margin around the edges uncovered . starting with a long edge , gently roll the dough into a log . do n't roll it too tightly ; if you do , the centers of the buns will pop up as they bake . cut the log into 8 pieces . space the buns in the pan . lightly press each down till they 're touching one another . cover the pan , and allow the buns to rise till they 're quite puffy , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the pan , and bake the buns for 40 to 45 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove the pan from the oven , and turn it over onto a piece of parchment , or onto a cooling rack set over a piece of parchment or waxed paper ( to catch any drips ) . lift off the pan , and scrape any nuts or sugar in the pan onto the buns . serve immediately , or let the buns cool a bit . wrap any leftovers securely , and store at room temperature . yield : 8 sticky buns per batch ; the dough will yield three batches of buns .

tips from our bakers

want to make four batches of buns instead of three ? simply divide the dough into four 1-pound pieces ( instead of three 22-ounce pieces ) , and bake each batch of 8 buns in an 8 '' round pan , instead of in a 9 '' round pan . there 's no need to change the amounts of any of the filling or topping ingredients.want warm sticky buns in the morning ? shape the buns , place them in the pan , cover , and let rise overnight in the fridge . next morning , remove from the fridge , preheat your oven , and bake till golden brown . it might take about 5 minutes longer than the recipe indicates ; just keep your eye on them towards the end.the filling/topping amounts listed above are enough for one pan of buns . simply scale up the amounts if you 're making more than one pan of buns at a time .


jam-filled sour cream coffee bread

what looks like an intricately braided coffee bread is actually a `` mock '' braid , easily fashioned by even beginning bakers . filled with sweetened cream cheese and jam , it 's both delicious , and elegant .

dough

340 g pastry flour blend or 361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
113 g sour cream
57 g butter
1 large egg yolk , white reserved
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor , optional but good
74 g lukewarm water
1 tablespoon instant yeast

filling

227 g package cream cheese , softened
28 g soft butter
67 g sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor or 1 teaspoon vanilla
21 g instant clearjel or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 large egg
283 g jam mixed with 1 1/8 ounces instant clearjel or 3/4 ounce king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

50 g coarse white sparkling sugar
1 large egg white , reserved from dough ( above ) , mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water

combine all of the dough ingredients in a mixing bowl , and mix and knead ( by hand , mixer , or bread machine ) to make a smooth dough . the dough will seem very dry at first ; resist the urge to add more liquid . it 'll come together and smooth out as you knead . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or other container , cover it , and allow it to rise for 90 minutes . it wo n't look risen at all . that 's ok. divide the risen dough into two pieces . working with one piece at a time , flatten/pat/roll it into a 10 '' x 15 '' rectangle . make the filling : gently beat together the cream cheese , butter , sugar , salt , flavor or extract , and clearjel or flour until smooth . add the egg , and again gently beat until only a few small lumps are visible . spread half the jam/flour ( or jam/clearjel ) mixture ( about 5 1/2 ounces ) in a 2 1/2 '' -wide swath down the center of the rectangle , lengthwise . leave 1 '' of dough bare at each end . spread half the cream cheese mixture ( about 6 1/4 ounces ) atop the jam . fold the end over the filling at each end of the dough . make cuts from the edge of the dough to within about 1/2 '' of the filling , every 3/4 '' , all the way down both sides of the dough . starting at one end , pull the cut strips up and over the filling , alternating sides . transfer the loaf to a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . repeat the process with the remaining piece of dough . cover the loaves , and let them rise for 90 minutes . again , it wo n't appear to rise ; that 's ok . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 350°f . to finish and bake : brush the egg white/water over the loaves . sprinkle with the coarse sugar . bake the coffeecakes for 32 to 36 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and place them on a rack to cool slightly . serve warm . store any leftovers , well-wrapped , in the freezer . to serve , thaw , and then reheat in a 350°f oven , tented with foil , for about 10 minutes .

tips from our bakers

instant clearjel thickens without cloudiness , and without any `` floury '' texture ; it also thickens better than flour . it 's our thickener of choice , but certainly use flour if you do n't have clearjel.perfect pastry blend , with its medium-level protein ( 10.4 % ) , makes a lovely , tender coffee bread . if you use all-purpose flour , the bread will be a touch less tender ; and you 'll need to add an additional tablespoon or two of water to the dough.this coffeecake is also tasty drizzled with a simple confectioners ' sugar icing ( confectioners ' sugar mixed with enough milk or cream to make it barely pourable ) .


sour cream & chive potato bread or rolls

there 's just nothing like potato to give bread soft , moist , creamy texture ; the starch in the potato attracts and holds liquid , meaning breads baked with potato will not only be soft and moist initially , but will stay that way longer . james beard 's classic beard on bread , contains a recipe for sour cream bread that 's the nominal inspiration for this loaf . we took it a few steps further by adding potato and chives — the natural accompaniments for sour cream !

227 g sour cream or plain greek yogurt ( light is ok , nonfat is a poor option )
135 g prepared mashed potatoes ; leftover is fine , so long as they 're not highly salted
28 g butter
39 g sugar
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/4 to 1/2 cup finely chopped scallion tops or fresh or dried chives , to taste
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor ; optional , but tasty

combine all of the ingredients and mix until cohesive . knead the dough , by hand or mixer , until it 's smooth , about 5 to 10 minutes . the dough will become fairly elastic , though it 'll still be quite soft and sticky . place the kneaded dough in a greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover it , and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's quite puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk . ) to make a loaf : shape the dough into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the loaf to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . to make dinner rolls : divide the dough into 24 pieces . shape each piece into a ball , and place in a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan , or two 8 '' or 9 '' round pans . cover the pan ( s ) , and let the rolls rise until they 're touching each other and puffy , about 60 minutes . to make large sandwich rolls : divide the dough into six pieces , each about 4 1/2 ounces in weight . roll each piece into a smooth ball , then flatten the balls ( using your fingers and/or a rolling pin ) until they 're about 4 '' in diameter . place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , about 1 '' apart , and cover them with lightly greased plastic wrap . allow the rolls to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour ( or longer , depending on the temperature of your kitchen ) , until they 're noticeably puffy , though probably not doubled in bulk . while the bread or rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 35 to 40 minutes , tenting it lightly with foil for the final 10 minutes ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center will read about 190°f . bake the rolls for 22 to 27 minutes , or until they 're a light golden brown . remove the bread or rolls from the oven , and brush with melted butter , if desired , for a soft , flavorful crust . transfer to a rack to cool . store cooled rolls , tightly wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf , or anywhere from 6 to 24 rolls , depending on size .

tips from our bakers

substitute 1/4 cup potato flour , if desired , for the mashed potatoes . add 1/4 cup water along with the sour cream or yogurt .


our favorite sandwich bread

for sandwiches , toast , and french toast , you just ca n't beat a classic american sandwich loaf , with its creamy-white interior , golden crust , and soft , easily slice-able texture .

227 g milk
28 g butter
2 teaspoons instant yeast or 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

heat the milk to a simmer , and pour it over the butter in a large mixing bowl . let the mixture cool to lukewarm , then add the yeast and sugar . once the yeast softens , add the remaining ingredients and stir until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface , oil your hands , and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes , or until it begins to become smooth and supple . ( you may also knead this dough in an electric mixer or food processor , or in a bread machine set to the dough or manual cycle ) . add a bit of additional milk or flour if needed — the dough should be soft , but not sticky . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow it to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place the log in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cover loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the bread to rise for about 60 minutes , until it 's domed about 1 '' above the edge of the pan . a finger pressed into the dough should leave a mark that rebounds slowly . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's light golden brown . test it by removing it from the pan and thumping it on the bottom ( it should sound hollow ) , or by measuring its interior temperature with a digital thermometer ( it should register 190°f at the center of the loaf ) . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on rack before slicing . store the bread in a plastic bag at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

for added whole-grain goodness , substitute king arthur whole wheat flour ( premium or white whole wheat ) for up to half of the all-purpose flour in this recipe . if you 're using instant yeast , there 's no need to dissolve it in the warm milk ; simply add it along with the flour .


bacon-onion rye rolls

everyone loves bacon — so why not take it beyond the frying pan , and stuff it into rolls ? these lusty rolls , with their hint of deli rye flavor and filling of caramelized onions and bacon , are very tempting indeed . we can see these rolls accompanying soup or chowder ; or serve them at breakfast , with scrambled eggs . this recipe was inspired by one in bernard clayton 's new complete book of breads , a wonderful compendium of international breads .

dough

227 g lukewarm milk
57 g melted butter
1 large + 1 large egg yolk ; reserve the white for the filling
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
64 g rye flour ( white , medium or pumpernickel ) or whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon deli rye flavor , optional but good
28 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

filling

1 pound bacon
about 510 g onions , peeled and chopped
1 large egg white , reserved from dough

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . ( if you 're using a stand mixer , use the flat beater for this step . ) cover the bowl and let this shaggy mass rest for 15 minutes or so , to absorb the liquid and make it easier to knead . knead the dough until it 's smooth and slightly sticky , about 7 minutes in a stand mixer equipped with a dough hook . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure , cover the container with plastic wrap , and let the dough rise for 1 hour , or until it 's increased in volume by at least a third . while the dough is rising , make the filling . fry the bacon ( or bake it in a 350°f oven for about 35 minutes ) , until it 's crisp and light brown . fry the onions until they 're a rich , golden brown in some of the bacon fat , if desired ; or fry them in olive oil . they should brown nicely in about 20 minutes . crumble the bacon , and combine it with the onions . when barely lukewarm , stir in the reserved egg white ; this will help keep the filling from spilling out of the rolls . gently deflate the risen dough , and roll it into a 12 '' x 18 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the dough , and roll it up the long way , to make a log that 's a generous 18 '' long . cut the log into 1 '' slices . lay the 18 slices into two 9 '' round lightly greased cake pans . cover the pans , and let the rolls rise for about an hour , until they 're nicely puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . uncover the rolls , and bake them for about 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and brush them with butter , if desired . serve warm or at room temperature . store leftovers in the refrigerator ; to reheat , tent with aluminum foil , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for about 10 minutes . yield : 18 rolls .




easy crusty baguettes

if you 're as much a fan of crisp-crusted baguettes as we are , try our stoneware baguette baker from emile henry . using the baker with this recipe guarantees loaves with a soft , chewy interior and crunchy exterior . do n't have a mold ? use a perforated metal baguette baker ; or try one of our other tasty baguette recipes .

361 g artisan bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
227 g lukewarm water

stir together all of the ingredients in a large bowl . gently knead everything together for 1 to 2 minutes to make a slightly sticky , rough dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rest for 2 hours , folding the dough over on itself several times after the first hour , and then after the second hour ; this will deflate the dough , redistributing the yeast and oxygen . cover the bowl , and refrigerate the dough overnight . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface , divide it into three pieces , and shape each piece into a 10 '' x 4 '' oval . fold each oval in half lengthwise , and seal the edges with the heel of your hand . flatten slightly , then fold and seal from the opposite side . gently roll each piece of dough , seam-side down , into a 13 '' log . generously grease the wells of an emile henry stoneware baguette baker , and sprinkle them with cornmeal or semolina , for best release . place the logs , seam-side down , into the prepared baker . cover the baker with the lid , and let the baguettes rise until very puffy , about 90 minutes . preheat the oven to 450°f . just before baking , remove the lid of the baker , slash the tops of the baguettes several times , and spritz with water . return the lid to the baker . bake the baguettes for 20 minutes . remove the lid of the baker , and bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes , until deep golden brown . turn the baguettes out onto a rack to cool . yield : three 14 '' baguettes .

tips from our bakers

though we like our artisan bread flour for best flavor and superior oven spring , king arthur unbleached bread flour and king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour are also good candidates for these loaves .


mustard rye sandwich bread

this soft , moist sandwich rye bread has a hint of mustard , a hint of onion ... it 's just right for america 's favorite sandwich , ham and cheese ; or for a reuben , pastrami and swiss , thick slabs of liverwurst and onion , or the deli favorite of your choice .

227 g lukewarm water
28 g dijon or hot-sweet mustard
14 g brown sugar
28 g butter or 21 g oil
25 g mustard seeds , brown , black , or a mixture
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g dried minced onions
7 g onion powder
113 g pumpernickel
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or using the dough cycle on a bread machine — to make a smooth , but quite sticky dough . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover it , and let it rise for an hour ; it 'll become puffy , but probably wo n't double in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and gently deflate it . shape it into an 8 '' log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and allow the loaf to rise until it 's crested a good inch or so over the lip of the pan . this should take between 60 and 90 minutes ; give it more time if necessary . this bread does n't have much oven spring , so you want to get as full a rise in the pan , before baking , as possible . to bake the bread : preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . store bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

polysaccharides in pumpernickel called pentosans are responsible for the stickiness of this dough ; they 're the reason rye dough will never attain the silky , delightful finish that wheat-based doughs are capable of .


gluten-free holiday stollen

the classic christmas stollen is made with yeast . but we think this quicker , easier gluten-free version , made with baking powder , is just as tasty . filled with dried fruit and toasted almonds , and covered with a thick layer of butter and sugar , this pastry is delicious with coffee or tea .

dough

351 g king arthur gluten-free flour
99 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt*
3/4 teaspoon xanthan gum
113 g cold butter
170 g ricotta cheese , part-skim milk type
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons buttery sweet dough flavor , optional but good
the grated rind of 1 small lemon ; or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil , or 1/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia
163 g fruitcake fruit blend ; or a blend of golden raisins and your favorite dried fruits , chopped to 1/2 '' pieces if necessary
35 g slivered almonds , toasted and cooled
*reduce the salt to 1/4 teaspoon if you use salted butter .

topping

85 g butter , melted
85 g confectioners ' sugar

preheat your oven to 325°f . lightly grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment . whisk together the flour , sugar , baking powder , salt , and xanthan gum in a mixing bowl . cut the cold butter into small chunks , then blend it into the flour mixture to form uneven crumbs . in a separate bowl , mix together the cheese , eggs , vanilla , and flavors . toss the fruit and almonds with the flour mixture until evenly distributed . then combine the wet and dry ingredients , mixing until most of the flour is moistened . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface , and knead it two or three times , until it holds together . divide it in half . pat each piece of dough into an 8 '' x 7 '' oval about 1/2 '' thick . fold each piece of dough roughly in half , leaving the edge of the top half about 1/2 '' short of the edge of the bottom half . should you fold the long way , or the short way ? the long way will give you a longer , narrower stollen , with shorter slices ; folding the short way will give you a wider , fatter stollen , with longer slices . use the edge of your hand to press the dough to seal about 1 '' in back of the open edge ; this will make the traditional stollen shape . it 's also the familiar parker house roll shape , if you 've ever made them . the dough will probably crack ; that 's ok , just smooth it out as best you can . carefully place the shaped stollen on the prepared baking sheet . bake the stollen until they 're very lightly browned around the edges and on top , about 40 minutes . a cake tester inserted into the center should come out clean . remove the stollen from the oven , and transfer them to a rack . brush them each with 2 tablespoons melted butter . sprinkle heavily with confectioners ' sugar . allow the stollen to cool , then brush with butter again , and sprinkle with sugar again . wrap in plastic wrap until ready to serve ; serve within a week . if desired , sprinkle with additional sugar just before serving . yield : two 1-pound stollen loaves .

tips from our bakers

check your ingredients to make sure they 're all gluten-free . gluten can turn up in some unexpected places , so it 's important to read labels when you 're baking for someone who 's trying to avoid it .


french-style country bread

you could make this bread , and no other , for the rest of your baking career , and never feel cheated . it uses the sponge , or poolish , method : sort of a poor man 's or woman 's sourdough starter — no feedings , little pre-planning , lots of flexibility , and superb bread . if you 've always wanted crusty , hole-ridden , french-style bread , this is it .

starter

227 g cool to lukewarm water ( 90°f to 100°f )
1/2 teaspoon active dry or instant yeast
149 g king arthur unbleached bread flour or organic bread flour
28 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour

dough

all of the starter ( above )
227 g lukewarm water ( 100°f to 115°f )
3/4 teaspoon active dry or 1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
14 g sugar
447 g to 482 g king arthur unbleached bread flour or organic bread flour
1 1/2 to 2 1/4 teaspoons salt , to taste

to make the starter : stir all of the starter ingredients together to make a thick , pudding-like mixture . cover with plastic wrap and let it rest for at least 2 hours . for best flavor , let the starter rest longer ; overnight ( up to 16 hours ) is best . if you plan on making the dough in a bread machine , place the sponge ingredients in the bucket , and turn the machine on for just a few seconds to mix the ingredients together . turn the machine off and close the cover , then let the starter rest as directed above . to make the dough : stir down the starter with a spoon and add the water , yeast , sugar , 3 1/4 cups ( 13 3/4 ounces ) of the flour , and the salt . the dough will be a loose , messy mass . let it rest for 12 to 15 minutes , then stir it again ; it should become more cohesive and a bit smoother . dough handles better once it 's had time for the flour to absorb the water while resting and relaxing . by using this method , you 'll tend to add less flour , and have much bigger holes in your finished bread . knead the dough , adding up to an additional 3/4 cup ( 3 ounces ) flour ( as necessary to make a soft dough ) , 10 to 12 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or plastic container , cover with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let it rise until almost doubled ( depending on the weather , this could be 1 to 2 hours ) . if you 're going out , or if you prefer , let the dough rise slowly in the fridge . if your dough has been refrigerated , allow it to come to room temperature before shaping ; it 'll warm up and rise at the same time . deflate the dough gently , but do n't knock out all the air ; this will create those `` holes '' so important to french bread . for one large loaf , form the dough into a round ball ; for two loaves , divide the dough in half and shape into two balls . place a semolina- or cornmeal-dusted piece of parchment paper onto a baking sheet . gently place the ball ( s ) of dough on the baking sheet , seam-side down . cover the bread gently with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let it rise until it 's puffy and about 40 % to 50 % larger , anywhere from 45 to 90 minutes . preheat your oven to 475°f . slash or cross-hatch the bread with a sharp knife or lame . dust it with a little flour . spritz water into the oven with a clean plant mister , and place the bread in the oven . reduce the heat to 425°f and spritz with water every few minutes for the first 15 minutes of baking . bake the bread for about 25 to 30 minutes , or until it 's a rich golden brown , and its interior temperature registers at least 190°f on a digital thermometer . the smaller loaves will bake more quickly , so keep your eye on them . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . store bread , loosely wrapped in paper , for a couple of days at room temperature ; wrap it in plastic and freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

want to bake your bread on an outdoor grill ? preheat your grill to high . place the bread ( on doubled-up baking sheets ) on the grill , and close the cover . immediately reduce the heat to medium ( 400°f ) , and allow the bread to bake for 25 minutes , or until it 's well-browned . reduce the heat to low , and carefully place the bread directly on the grill . continue to bake until completely done , about 5 minutes .


corn and bacon spoonbread

it 's not cornbread ; it 's not a soufflé . this southern-inspired recipe is something in between , and best served hot out of the oven .

227 g bacon , diced
454 g milk
106 g yellow or white cornmeal
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black or white pepper
291 g corn kernels , fresh or frozen/defrosted
4 large eggs , separated

preheat the oven to 325°f . heat a 9 '' square or round cast-iron pan over medium-high heat . add the bacon and cook until it 's starting to crisp . transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate . discard the drippings , but do n't clean the pan . pour the milk into a saucepan , and heat to simmering . slowly whisk in the cornmeal , stirring to prevent lumps from forming . add the sugar , salt , pepper , cooked bacon , and corn . stir over low heat for 2 to 3 minutes . remove the cornmeal mixture from the heat , then stir in the egg yolks one at a time until incorporated . allow to cool slightly , 10 to 15 minutes . beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form . fold a bit of the egg whites into the cornmeal mixture to lighten it a little , then fold all of the cornmeal mixture into the egg whites . transfer the batter to the bacon-seasoned cast-iron pan . bake the spoonbread for 50 to 60 minutes , until it ’ s set in the middle and golden brown around the edges . remove from the oven and serve hot , right out of the pan . yield : one 9 '' spoonbread .

tips from our bakers

do n't have cast iron ? you can make the spoonbread in a 9 '' square cake pan . cook the bacon in a regular skillet , and grease the 9 '' pan with some of the excess drippings .


cream-filled coffeecake

this recipe is recreated from the archives of doris knutson , who was famous in wisconsin for her cream-filled creations . she was asked many times to share her recipe and always declined . her family gave out the formula at her funeral , which left out any amounts for flour , or baking time , or pan size . we 've tested and tweaked , and along the way discovered that doris was , indeed , a master of her craft . this is a light cake with delicious filling and a sweet , crunchy top .

dough

99 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
170 g milk
57 g unsalted butter , soft
2 tablespoons cold water
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon instant yeast
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
177 to 206 g additional king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

71 g brown sugar
57 g unsalted butter , soft
pinch of salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

28 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g milk
113 g ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup confectioners ' sugar , sifted

to make the dough : in a large bowl or the pan of your bread machine , combine the sugar , salt , and butter . heat the milk and pour over . stir until the sugar dissolves and the butter is melted . add the water , eggs , and vanilla , stirring to combine . let the mixture rest until it cools to lukewarm . stir in the yeast and the 2 1/2 cups flour . cover and let rest for 30 minutes . add the additional 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 cups flour ; start with the smaller amount and see how the dough behaves , adding 1/4 cup more if it 's still very sticky . mix and knead for 6 to 8 minutes at slow to medium speed with your mixer ; or use the dough cycle on your bread machine . the dough will be soft , smooth , and silky ; perhaps just slightly sticky to the touch . cover the dough and let it rise in a warm place for 1 1/2 hours , until puffy-looking and almost doubled . or let your bread machine finish its cycle . to make the topping : combine the brown sugar , butter , salt , cinnamon , and flour , mixing with a fork or your fingers until crumbs form . set aside . to shape and bake the cake : deflate the dough , round it into a ball , and place it into a greased 10 '' springform pan . cover with greased plastic or a large inverted bowl until the dough domes an inch above the rim of the pan , about 45 minutes . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . when the dough is ready , sprinkle it with the topping ( some will slide down ) . bake the cake for 45 to 50 minutes , until a paring knife inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the cake from the oven and cool it in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes before tilting it out of the pan and returning it to the rack to cool completely . to make the filling : while the cake cools , put the flour in a small saucepan . add the milk a little at a time , stirring to make a smooth mixture . cook the flour and milk over medium-low heat just until the mixture thickens . remove from the heat and cool . in a small mixing bowl , beat the butter and confectioners ' sugar together until light and fluffy . add the vanilla , then whisk into the flour/milk mixture . to assemble : split the cooled cake horizontally , and spread the filling on the bottom layer . replace the top and refrigerate the cake until 30 minutes before serving . yield : 1 large or 2 small cakes , 20 servings .

tips from our bakers

if you 'd like to have two smaller coffeecakes ( one to give , or one to freeze ) , leave the dough recipe as is ; multiply the topping and filling ingredients by 1 1/2 , and divide the dough between two 8 '' round pans . the baking time will be about 5 minutes shorter .
be careful combining the two parts of the filling . whisk together gently , just until they 're mixed . whipping vigorously at this point will make the filling appear curdled . it will still taste great , it 'll just be a little raggedy-looking.this coffeecake freezes very well with no fuss . finish the recipe all the way , including filling the cake , then put it in a cake carrier and freeze for up to 2 weeks .


cinnamon bun loaf

this bread has the look of a classic russenzopf , but the taste and decadence of a cinnamon roll crossed with a sticky bun . we 've baked the loaf in our new emile cloche because the contained heat helps to bake the loaf more evenly . if you do n't have a cloche , a sheet pan and parchment along with close monitoring will work fine .

dough

227 g lukewarm water
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor , optional ; for enhanced flavor
2 1/4 teaspoons ( 1 packet ) red star platinum yeast
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
43 g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes

filling

82 g baker 's cinnamon filling*
28 g water
*see substitute in `` tips , '' below .

topping

14 g sticky bun sugar* or granulated sugar
57 g diced pecans , optional

to make the dough : mix and knead all the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until you 've made a smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , at room temperature , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk — about 60 to 90 minutes . rising may take longer if you have n't used saf gold yeast , or if you 've kneaded by hand ; give the dough enough time to become quite puffy . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat or roll it into a 24 '' x 10 '' rectangle . mix the baker 's cinnamon filling and water together until they 're well combined . spread the mixture evenly over the surface of the dough . roll the dough into a log the long way , then pinch the seam closed as best you can . using a bench knife ( or large chef 's knife ) , cut the log in half lengthwise . twist the two halves together , trying to keep the cut sides facing up as much as possible . it helps to start by crossing the two strands in the middle , and then twisting them to the ends , so that you have smaller strands with which to work . form the twisted log into a tight coil and place it on the base of a bread baking cloche . sprinkle the sticky bun sugar and pecans on top . cover the loaf with the cloche lid , and let rise until it 's noticeably puffy , about 45 minutes to 1 hour . again , this may take longer if you have n't used saf gold yeast ; the loaf should spread to almost fill the base of the cloche . while the loaf is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the loaf for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's nicely golden with dark brown cinnamon streaks ; the loaf 's internal temperature should read between 190°f and 200°f on a digital thermometer . remove the cover of the cloche 5 to 10 minutes from the end of the bake , to allow a slight crust to form . remove the loaf from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . yield : one 10 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have baker 's cinnamon filling , substitute 1/2 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon cinnamon ; omit the water . this substitute will be slightly runny , and may spill out onto your baking vessel , so be prepared . sticky bun sugar yields a nicely gooey , sticky crust to this loaf that regular granulated sugar just ca n't achieve . if you use granulated sugar , the nuts , if you 're using them , wo n't adhere as well.we like to bake this loaf in a covered cloche , as the contained heat helps it to bake more evenly . if you do n't have a cloche , bake the loaf on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet for 35 to 45 minutes . you may need to tent the loaf with aluminum foil partway through the bake to prevent the edges and surface from browning too quickly .


oatmeal and applesauce bread

quick breads cover a wide range , from biscuits and scones , which are made from a dough , to muffins and loaves that are made from a batter . they can be large or small , savory or sweet . the major thing that identifies them is the fact that they are , as their name implies , quick to make .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
149 g rolled oats
159 g light brown sugar
50 g vegetable oil
3 large egg whites , slightly beaten
510 g unsweetened applesauce

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease two standard 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans and set aside . use a whisk to stir together the flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt and cinnamon . mix in the oats and set aside . beat the brown sugar and the oil together , then add the egg whites and the applesauce . stir in the dry ingredients and mix until combined . spoon the batter into the two prepared pans . bake for 50 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted into the center of a loaf comes out clean . cool on a wire rack . store at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




rye & onion pita with reuben filling

reinventing flavors and traditional combinations , this less bready version of a pita also allows for more spice in the reuben filling . while lacking the scrumptiously finger-licking fried bread , this pita would be easy to pack and take tailgating before the homecoming game .

dough

454 g warm water
25 g sugar
1 scant tablespoon ( 1 packet ) active dry yeast
106 g to 213 g pumpernickel ( see `` tips '' , below . )
25 g to 50 g vegetable oil , optional , to help the pitas stay fresh
1 scant tablespoon salt
142 g onion , 64 g scallions , or 43 g chives ; finely chopped
18 g caraway seed ( or dill seed )
482 g to 539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

454 g lean corned beef , sliced and cut into bite-sized pieces
71 g onion , 32 g ounces scallions , or 21 g ounce chives ( or more ) ; chopped
71 g ( or more ) sauerkraut , rinsed and squeezed fairly dry
113 g grated swiss cheese
21 g ( or more ) capers , optional
170 g mayonnaise
67 g chili sauce
2 to 3 teaspoons horseradish , to taste
2 to 3 teaspoons sharp mustard , to taste

to make the dough : pour the water into a mixing bowl . stir in the sugar , the yeast and about 2 cups of flour ( using pumpernickel first , and all-purpose flour for any remaining volume ) . leave this sponge to begin to work and expand until it looks full and bubbly , about 30 minutes . mix in the optional oil , the salt , the onion , the seeds and a further 3 1/2 cups of flour . stir the dough together as well as you can in the bowl and then knead the dough on a floured surface , until the dough has come together , about 2 or 3 minutes . allow the dough to rest while you clean out and grease the bowl . after this little rest , the flour will have better absorbed the moisture , the developing gluten will have relaxed , and the dough will feel less lumpy and more cohesive . continue kneading until it 's springy and smooth ( or as smooth as it can be with onion pieces in it ) . shape the dough into a nice ball , place it in the greased bowl and turn it over so that the top has a thin film of grease on it . cover the bowl with a damp towel or plastic wrap and let the bread rise until it is not quite doubled in bulk . while the yeast is busy , make the filling . to make the filling : toss together the first 5 filling ingredients in a mixing bowl . in a smaller bowl blend the remaining 4 ingredients . adjust any for taste and then gently stir into the corned beef mixture . chill the filling while finishing the pitas . after the dough has risen , begin preheating your oven to 500°f . knock the dough down , knead out any stray bubbles and divide it into 8 pieces . on a lightly floured surface , roll each out into a circle about 7 '' in diameter . place two each on a cornmeal-sprinkled baking sheet , cover with a damp cloth and let rest for at least 15 minutes . after the circles have rested , place the baking sheet on the oven bottom ( if you have a baking stone , place it on that ) , close the oven door and keep it shut for 2 minutes . it 's this initial intense heat that begins to create the pocket . the outside of the dough bakes very quickly while the carbon dioxide bubbles inside expand and separate the top layer of the dough from the bottom . after the initial 2 minutes , place the baking sheet on a rack higher up in the oven and continue baking for another 5 to 6 minutes . during this part of the baking process , the pitas should blow up like balloons . when the pitas are done , remove the sheet from the oven and slide the pitas onto a cooling rack . as the gas inside them cools , they will deflate somewhat . once they are completely cool , you can press the balance of the gas out of them so you can slide them into an airtight bag until they 're ready to be cut in half and filled . store a room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

since the protein in rye flour or meal does n't translate into `` gluten '' when it is mixed with a liquid , this dough wo n't have the stretch that an all-wheat dough will . if you use 2 cups of pumpernickel , a pocket is reluctant to form . it is easy enough to make one with a knife after the pitas have baked . if you want the pocket to happen by itself and if you do n't mind a milder rye flavor , use only 1 cup of pumpernickel and increase the all-purpose flour by the same measure .


dilled onion potato rolls

soft and mildly flavored , potato-based doughs are quick to rise . adding dill and onion to a neutral roll will bring some interest to the bread basket accompanying the meal .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g instant yeast
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
106 g mashed potato
28 g butter or margarine
113 g milk
113 g water
2 teaspoons dill seed or dried dill weed or a combination of the two
37 g minced dried onion

combine all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — and knead until a soft , smooth dough forms . set the dough aside to rest , covered , for 10 minutes . to shape and bake the dough : divide the dough into 16 pieces . shape each piece into a ball , and place the balls , evenly spaced , in two lightly greased 8 '' round cake pans . tent the pans with lightly greased plastic wrap and allow the rolls to rise until they 've filled the pan , 45 minutes to 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls in a preheated 350°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the pan , and brush them with melted butter or margarine , if desired . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

if you prefer to use active dry yeast , be aware that rolls will need to rise about 1 1/2 hours instead of 45 minutes .


pumpkin bread pudding

this smooth and creamy , golden-orange bread pudding gets rave reviews from our taste testers — also known as our customer service team , the people you talk to when you call our 800 number or baker 's hotline .

6 large eggs
425 g pumpkin or squash
454 g light cream or half & half
227 g milk
149 g granulated sugar
71 g brown sugar
57 g rum , optional
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
about 510 g bread , cut in 3/4 '' cubes ( see `` tips '' , below . )

garnish

46 g crystallized ginger

in a large mixing bowl , combine the eggs , pumpkin , cream or half & half , milk , sugars , rum , salt , spices , and vanilla , stirring to blend . lightly grease a 2-quart baking dish or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan ; if you 're going to refrigerate the pudding before baking , be sure to use a dish that can go from the fridge to a hot oven . place the cubed bread in the dish in an even layer , and pour the liquid mixture over it . let it rest at room temperature for 30 minutes , or for up to 24 hours in the refrigerator . preheat your oven to 350°f . when you 're ready to bake the pudding , stir it together to redistribute the custard ; quite a bit of it will have been absorbed by the bread . sprinkle with grated nutmeg , if desired ; and bake until set and beginning to brown , about 40 to 50 minutes . serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream ; garnish with minced crystallized ginger , if desired . store , covered , in the refrigerator for up to 5 days .

tips from our bakers

try using our holiday pumpkin bread . the recipe makes 2 loaves , so you can enjoy one , and save the other for this pudding . or use any non-savory bread : brioche , a sweet bread , or plain white or whole wheat bread.this basic formula can be used to make bread pudding from all kinds of leftover bread , even savory herb or cheese-type breads . simply leave out the pumpkin and add a cup of dried raisins or other dried fruit , if desired . if you 're making a savory bread pudding , leave out the sugar and spices ( though adding a bit of dry mustard and a cup or two of grated cheese is delightful ) . also , if you have just a small amount of leftover bread , cut back the recipe proportionately and bake in a smaller pan , cutting back the baking time accordingly .


mediterranean stuffed bread

this is pure picnic and party fare — zesty and chock-full of summery tastes , and good hot , cold , or at room temperature . thin , cold slabs work well as appetizers with wine or sangria ; big , warm wedges with salads make a meal . this may be the most `` gourmet '' item you 've ever seen come out of your own kitchen !

bread

1 recipe french country bread or one 2-pound loaf frozen white bread dough , defrosted

filling

7 g flat-leafed italian parsley , finely minced
35 g minced onions and/or scallions
128 g minced sun-dried tomatoes ( about 8 plumped halves )
3 medium garlic cloves , finely minced
142 g chopped black olives ( a combination of oil-cured , kalamata or pitted black )
113 g feta cheese , crumbled into small chunks
39 g extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 to 1 teaspoon oregano
1/2 to 1 teaspoon basil
semolina flour , for dusting

in a medium-sized bowl , toss together the parsley , onions/scallions , sun-dried tomatoes , garlic , olives , feta cheese chunks , olive oil , salt , pepper , oregano , and basil . flatten or gently deflate the bread dough into an oval shape , about 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' thick . press half of the topping mixture onto the bread . fold the dough in half and pinch the edges together to cover the filling . let it rest for a few minutes . flatten the dough again , using a rolling pin , trying not to force any of the filling out . press the remaining filling onto the dough . fold the dough in half again , pinching the edges together to cover any exposed filling ( sometimes this does n't look perfect , but it works out in the end ) . the bread should look like a plumpish , slightly flattened oval . brush a little olive oil over the surface of the dough . line a doubled-up cookie sheet with parchment paper . sprinkle with semolina , and place the bread on top . cover with a tea towel or a lightly greased piece of plastic , and let rise about 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hours , until puffy and lighter than when it started . preheat your grill to hot . place the bread on the grill , put on the cover , reduce the heat to medium , and bake for about 35 to 40 minutes , until the bread is well-browned . ( some of the filling may leak out ; that 's ok ) . remove the bread from the grill and serve warm , in wedges , or cold , in thin slices .




tender potato & onion bread

this tender , golden loaf , studded with bits of browned onion , is a wonderful accompaniment to the traditional corned beef and cabbage supper . we also think it 's grand as a breakfast bread , toasted ( or not ) and served alongside eggs and bacon and sausage . or pair it with a nice cheese souffle and a salad , and there 's your light supper .

269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
11 g sugar
2 teaspoons pizza dough flavor ( optional , but good )
64 g `` french-fried '' onions or 202 g diced , sautéed onions ( see `` tips '' , below . )
227 g buttermilk or sour cream , not non-fat
28 g butter , melted
2 large eggs
241 g unseasoned mashed potatoes , packed firmly into the measuring cup

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium-sized mixing bowl , whisk together the flour , baking powder , salt , sugar , pizza dough flavor ( if you 're using it ) , and onions . in a separate bowl , or in a large measuring cup , whisk together the buttermilk or sour cream , the melted butter , and the eggs . stir the liquid ingredients and the potato into the dry ingredients , mixing just until thoroughly combined . spoon the batter into the pan . bake the bread for about 1 hour , or until it 's a very light golden brown , and a cake tester inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean . allow to cool in the pan for 5 minutes , then turn it onto a rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

`` french-fried '' onions are found in a can at the supermarket . if you do n't have them , use 3 cups chopped spanish or sweet onion ( 1 large onion , 15 ounces peeled ) , sautéed in 2 tablespoons olive oil until golden , for about 1 cup ( 7 1/8 ounces ) sautéed onions .


smokehouse cranberry cheese bread

this delightful bread was the 2015 national festival of breads champion . lisa keys , from pennsylvania , was inspired to create this bread from her visits to vermont . she spent her days eating smoked cheeses and fresh maple syrup from local farmers . this flavor-packed bread honors all of her fondest vermont memories .

227 g unsalted butter , softened
113 g silken tofu
4 large eggs
43 g lukewarm water
28 g maple syrup
227 g shredded smoked gouda or smoked cheddar cheese
7 g red star platinum yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
539 to 624 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
142 g sweetened dried cranberries

beat together the butter and tofu until the mixture is light and fluffy , about 2 minutes . scrape the sides of the bowl as needed . beat in the eggs one at a time , then mix in the water and maple syrup . stir in the cheese , yeast , salt , pepper , and 4 cups of the flour ; blend well . mix in the cranberries and gradually add enough of the remaining flour to make a soft dough . knead the dough until smooth and elastic , about 8 minutes on low to medium speed of a stand mixer . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . deflate the dough and divide it in half . shape into 6 '' to 7 '' round loaves , and place into two greased 9 '' round cake pans . cover ; let the loaves rise until doubled , 40 to 45 minutes . near the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 400°f . uncover the fully risen dough , and with a sharp knife or lame , make a 1/4 '' deep `` x '' slash across the top of each loaf . bake the loaves for 25 to 27 minutes , until golden brown , tenting with aluminum foil to prevent excess browning if necessary . a digital thermometer inserted into the middle of a loaf should register about 200°f . remove the loaves from the oven , and after a few minutes turn them out onto a rack to cool fully . yield : 2 loaves , 22 servings each .




now or later cinnamon buns

cinnamon buns are so ethereal . fresh and hot out of the oven : wonderful . the next day ( or even several hours later ) , not nearly as good . the following recipe allows you to serve cinnamon buns hot from the oven , if that fits into your schedule ; or buns up to a few days old . reheated for 10 minutes , and freshly glazed , your guests will never know they 're not newly baked . you 'll notice that there 's an extra ingredient and step in the buns you plan on serving later : melted butter , brushed on top when you take them out of the oven . we feel this helps keep the buns soft during storage .

dough

418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
21 g potato flour or instant potato flakes
21 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
35 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
57 g soft or room-temperature butter
152 g lukewarm water
113 g lukewarm milk

filling

2 teaspoons cinnamon

topping

28 g melted butter

glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
43 to 57 g cream or 28 to 43 g milk

combine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl , and mix and knead — using your hands , a stand mixer , or a bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased container — an 8-cup measure works well here — and allow the dough to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . roll the dough into a 20 '' long rectangle , about 12 '' wide . this soft dough rolls easily , so you should n't have much trouble with shrinking or `` push back . '' sprinkle 2 teaspoons cinnamon over the surface of the dough . a small sieve or tea strainer works well here . starting with a long side , roll the dough into a 24 '' log ; it 'll naturally stretch from its original 20 '' to about 24 '' as you roll . in order to make the neatest job of cutting out the buns , use a sharp knife to mark the log at 1 1/2 '' intervals . slice the dough into 1 1/2 '' -thick buns . the neatest way to do this , by far , is by looping a piece of dental floss underneath the dough where you want to cut it , then pulling the ends in opposite directions . the floss will cut the dough neatly , without squashing it . lightly grease two 8 '' round cake pans . divide the buns between the two pans , spacing 8 in each pan . cover the pans , and allow the buns to rise till they 're crowded against one another and quite puffy , about 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the buns , and bake them for 20 to 23 minutes , until they 're golden brown on top and the edges of the center bun spring back lightly when you touch it . to serve buns now : just before the buns are done , stir together the confectioners ' sugar , cinnamon , and cream or milk to make the glaze . turn the hot buns out of the pan onto a rack , and brush with the melted butter . spread with the glaze , and serve immediately . to serve buns later : turn the hot buns out of the pan onto a rack , and brush with the melted butter . cool completely . wrap airtight and store at room temperature for a couple of days ; for longer storage , freeze . just before serving , tent the buns lightly with foil , and rewarm in a preheated 350°f oven for 10 minutes ( a bit longer , for frozen buns ) . stir together the glaze , brush over the buns , and serve warm .

tips from our bakers

what if you 'd like to serve half the buns now , and half later ? brush both pans of baked buns with melted butter , but make only half the amount of confectioners ' sugar glaze . brush the glaze on one of the pans of buns , and serve immediately . cool the other pan of buns completely , and wrap airtight for storage . want warm cinnamon buns in the morning ? shape the buns , place them in the pan , cover , and let rise overnight in the fridge . next morning , remove from the fridge , preheat your oven , and bake till golden brown . it might take about 5 minutes longer than the recipe indicates ; just keep your eye on them towards the end.here 's another way to have warm cinnamon buns in the morning , quickly and easily . bake the buns in a preheated 325°f oven for 15 minutes ; they should be set , but not browned . remove from the oven , cool completely , then wrap tightly and freeze . the night before you want to serve buns , place them ( still wrapped ) in the refrigerator to thaw . next day , take them out of the fridge , and let them warm a bit as you preheat your oven to 350°f . bake for about 15 minutes , until they 're a very light golden brown . remove from the oven , brush with butter , spread with icing , and serve warm .


slovak paska

the symbolism of bread is commonly observed by christian cultures throughout the world . during easter , bread takes many decorative shapes and forms ; one of the most beautiful is the egg- and butter-rich paska , traditionally eaten in eastern european countries . paska is often paired with `` hrudka '' ( hur-ut-ka ) , a custard-like cheese ; or a delicious sweetened cream cheese spread , paska spread . you might also enjoy thick slices of bread sandwiching kielbasa , or your leftover easter ham . if you have a bread machine , use its dough or manual setting to make the dough , then shape and bake the bread out of the machine for a stunning easter table centerpiece .

dough

227 g lukewarm water
113 g whole milk
1 large egg
57 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast
25 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons salt

topping

1 large egg
14 g cold water
coarse white sparkling sugar , optional

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's noticeably puffy . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface ; divide it into two pieces , one twice as large as the other . take the larger piece , roll into a ball , and place it into a well-greased 9 '' x 2 '' round pan . divide the other piece of dough into three equal pieces , and roll each out into a 20 '' strand ; use the three strands to create one long braid . place the braid around the inside edge of the pan , or use it to form a cross over the top of the larger piece of dough . cover the loaf and let it rise until doubled , about 45 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f , with a rack in the center . to make the topping : in a small bowl , beat the egg with the water . brush the mixture gently over the top of the risen loaf , and sprinkle with coarse white sparkling sugar , if desired . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , or until it 's a rich golden brown . remove it from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool before cutting . yield : 1 large bread , 20 servings .




tea brack

tea brack — a.k.a . irish freckle bread — is a moist , close-grained , packed-with-fruit breakfast bread . the flavor of the whole wheat is discernible , yet not overpowering because it 's complemented by just the right degree of sweetness . interestingly , the recipe uses brewed tea as its liquid . if desired , substitute 2 tablespoons irish whiskey for an equal amount of the tea . this recipe comes from our award-winning cookbook , the king arthur flour baker 's companion .

227 g brewed hot tea ; irish breakfast tea is a good choice
142 g raisins
71 g currants
163 g pitted prunes , snipped into small pieces
142 g chopped dates
227 g brown sugar , firmly packed
227 g irish-style wholemeal flour or king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
39 g sparkling white sugar

pour the hot tea over the dried fruits in a medium-sized bowl . set the mixture aside to cool to lukewarm , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease an 8 '' x 2 '' round cake pan . if your pan is n't at least 2 '' deep , use a 9 '' round pan . in a medium-sized bowl , stir together the brown sugar , flour , baking powder , and salt . add the dried fruit , and any remaining liquid . stir till thoroughly combined ; the batter will be thick and stiff . add the egg , mixing till thoroughly combined . spread the mixture into the prepared pan . sprinkle the top evenly with the coarse sparkling sugar . bake the bread for 60 to 70 minutes , till a cake tester inserted in the center comes out moist , but without clinging crumbs . remove it from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : one 8 '' round loaf .




mexican wedding bread

this bread is served at weddings in small villages in southern mexico . it is a fertility bread to bless the marriage with many children , shaped to signify the joining of two into one . traditionally in this country , we celebrate weddings with a lavish cake . but in other countries , and other times , the `` cake '' has been an elaborate bread . we applaud the idea of a wedding bread . bread is the staff of life ; to break bread together is a kind of communion , a sharing of oneself with another . as has been said , `` bread is life itself . '' what could be a more fitting way to embark upon married life than for a new husband and wife to ceremonially break bread together , made especially for them by someone who can fill it with good omens , hope , and love .

sponge

2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast ( one package )
57 g warm water ( 110°f )
227 g warm milk ( 110°f )
99 g granulated sugar
2 large eggs , beaten
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
113 g finely ground pecans or pecan meal

topping

113 g confectioners ' sugar
43 g water

to make the sponge : in a large bowl , stir the yeast into the water to soften . add the milk , sugar , eggs , vanilla , and 2 cups ( 8 1/2 ounces , 241g ) of flour . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . this is a sponge , and has the consistency of cake batter . cover and let rise for 45 minutes . add salt , pecans , and 1 cup flour ( 4 1/4 ounces , 120g ) to the sponge . beat for 1 minute . gradually add flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put the dough into an oiled bowl . turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover the bowl with a towel and let it rise until doubled , about 1 hour . turn dough out onto work surface . divide into 40 equal pieces . roll each piece into an 8 '' long rope . pinch the ends of one rope together to form a circle . take another rope and slip it through the first circle before pinching the ends . you now have two circles joined together to form one roll . repeat this until you have used all 40 pieces . place on parchment-lined baking sheets . cover and let rise 45 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake for 15 minutes , or until the bread is pale golden and feels firm when touched . to make the topping : combine confectioners ' sugar with water in a shallow bowl . as soon as bread is done , remove from baking sheets and dip the tops into the confectioners ' sugar mixture . or use a pastry brush to brush tops of rolls with icing . place on a rack until icing is set , about 30 minutes . the loaves may be wrapped and stored at room temperature for 5 days , or frozen for 3 months .




gluten-free filled breads sweet and savory

now you can enjoy dressing up your gluten-free loaves with sweet or savory fillings like the ones you see here — perfect for use with our bread mix or any of your favorite gluten-free yeast bread recipes . please be inspired to create your own fillings , too ! note : this recipe makes one loaf , with one type of filling ; we offer two different fillings so you can choose your favorite .

batter

680 g king arthur gluten-free bread mix

cinnamon pecan filling

1 tablespoon cinnamon
99 g granulated sugar
2 teaspoons tapioca starch
57 g chopped pecans

sun-dried tomato and pesto filling

128 g pesto
43 g parmesan cheese
85 g chopped sun-dried tomatoes

prepare mix according to instructions on the box . combine all ingredients in either of the filling recipes . after the bread batter 's first 30 minute rise , stir it down and lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' or 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . spread about 1 1/4 cups batter in the bottom of the pan and follow with 1/3 of the filling , taking care to leave a 1/2 '' border around the edges to ensure sealing . repeat the layering process with two more layers and a final layer of bread batter on top so that there are three layers of filling and four of the bread mix . leave the middle of the loaf domed in a traditional shape and smooth the surface gently with wet fingers . cover the pan with greased plastic wrap , leaving room for expansion . allow the bread to rise for 20 to 40 minutes , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' above the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . remove the plastic wrap . bake the bread until it 's golden brown and the internal temperature registers 200°f to 210°f ( about 50 to 60 minutes ) . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . yield : 1 loaf .




sourdough baguettes

crisp and light , with a crackly brown crust , these baguettes are super-easy to make .

283 g lukewarm water
482 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard ( see `` tips , '' below )
539 g to 602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons sugar
1 to 2 teaspoons instant yeast , depending on the vigor of your fed starter*
4 teaspoons vital wheat gluten
*see `` tips , '' below

in a large bowl , combine the water , starter , and 3 cups of the flour , mixing until smooth . stir in the salt , sugar , yeast and gluten , then an additional 1 1/2 to 2 cups of flour . stir until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl , adding only enough additional flour as necessary ; a slack ( sticky ) dough makes a light loaf . knead the dough for about 7 minutes in a stand mixer ; or 8 to 10 minutes by hand , on a lightly greased work surface . you may also knead this dough using the dough cycle on your bread machine ; once it 's finished kneading , transfer it to a bowl to rise , as directed below . turn the dough into an oiled bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until doubled in bulk , about 90 minutes . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into six pieces ( for thin baguettes ) or three pieces ( for thicker italian loaves ) . shape each piece into a 16 '' long loaf , and place the loaves , at least 4 '' apart , on parchment-lined baking sheets , or in lightly greased baguette pans ( french loaf pans ) . if you 're using baguette pans , make the loaves 15 '' long . cover the loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , or until they 're nice and puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 450°f . for a classic look , make three diagonal slashes in each loaf , cutting about 1/4 '' deep . for taller , rounder baguettes , do n't slash . bake the baguettes for about 25 minutes , or until they 're a rich golden brown . remove the loaves from the oven . turn off the oven , crack it open a few inches , and return the loaves to the cooling oven , without their pans . letting the loaves cool right in the turned-off oven helps preserve their crunchy crust . yield : 6 baguettes or 3 italian-style loaves .

tips from our bakers

the more yeast you use ( and the more vigorous your starter ) , the faster your dough will rise . but speed can come at the expense of flavor ; it 's only over time that sourdough dough produces the lactic and acetic acids so critical to its taste . for the most pronounced flavor , you can try eliminating the packaged yeast entirely , understanding that your rising times will probably be considerably longer than those listed here . we suggest , if you feel your starter is nice and vigorous , to try making the bread with 1 teaspoon of yeast ; and if you like those results and are willing to experiment , dropping the amount of yeast down until you reach your favorite combination of flavor and rising times.if you feed your sourdough before using , the loaves will rise better ; but if you 're in a hurry , unfed sourdough will simply lend its flavor , while the yeast in the recipe takes care of the rise . want to make just 3 baguettes instead of 6 ? or two short , fat italian-style loaves ? cut all of the ingredients except the yeast in half , leaving the yeast at 1 tablespoon.if desired , brush risen loaves with 1 egg yolk lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water just before baking , and sprinkle with pizza seasoning , artisan bread topping , or the toppings of your choice . while totally untraditional , this does add flavor and color to the crust .


our best-ever oatmeal bread

ok , we all agree : this is our # 1 recipe for oatmeal bread . sweeter than most , it 's nutty , moist and tender , perfect for both toast and peanut butter sandwiches .

283 g boiling water
50 g rolled oats
28 g butter
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
39 g molasses or maple syrup
43 g honey
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g baker 's special dry milk
361 g to 390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g pecan meal , almond flour or finely diced pecans , almonds or walnuts

place the boiling water , oats , butter , salt , molasses or syrup , and honey into a medium-sized bowl , stir , and let the mixture cool to lukewarm . mix the remaining dough ingredients ( using the lesser amount of flour ) with the oat mixture , and knead — by hand , mixer , bread machine or food processor — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . add the extra flour ( if necessary ) while you 're kneading . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise for 1 hour ; the dough should be puffy . gently deflate dough , shape it into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap or a proof cover , and let the loaf rise about 45 minutes , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it loosely with aluminum foil if it seems to be browning too quickly . remove it from the oven when the internal temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . after 5 minutes , remove the loaf from the pan and allow it to cool on a wire rack . store , covered , for 5 days at room temperature . freeze for up to 3 months .




gluten-free dinner rolls

these golden , high-rising rolls are buttery and delicious , their texture a comforting cross between tender biscuit and soft dinner roll .

rolls

234 g king arthur gluten-free flour or brown rice flour blend ( 191 g ) *
32 g hi-maize fiber**
7 g gluten-free cake enhancer , optional
1 teaspoon instant yeast
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon xanthan gum
113 g lukewarm milk
2 large eggs
43 g honey
28 g soft butter
*see recipe for this blend below .
**see `` tips , '' below .

topping

14 g to 28 g melted butter

place the flour or flour blend , hi-maize , cake enhancer , instant yeast , salt , and xanthan gum in a mixing bowl , and whisk to combine . using an electric mixer ( hand mixer , or stand ) , mix together the milk , eggs , and honey . beat in 1 cup of the flour mixture , and the 2 tablespoons soft butter . beat in the remaining dry ingredients ; scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl , then beat at high speed for 3 minutes , to make a smooth , thick batter . cover the bowl , and let the thick batter rise for 1 hour . it wo n't appear to do much ; that 's ok. scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl , deflating the batter in the process . grease an 8 '' round pan ; or 6 english muffin rings ; or the wells of a hamburger bun pan . grease a muffin scoop or large spoon with the melted butter , or with non-stick baking spray . scoop the dough into the 8 '' round pan ; a slightly overfilled muffin scoop works well here . space 7 mounds around the perimeter , and 1 in the middle . to make sandwich buns , drop the batter into the prepared hamburger bun pan , or into the english muffin rings placed onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . flatten the dough slightly , using a greased spatula or your wet fingers . cover with greased plastic wrap , and set in a warm place to rise until the rolls touch each other and look puffy . this should take about 45 to 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 28 to 32 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven , let them cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn them out of the pan onto a rack . serve warm .

tips from our bakers

*make your own blend
many of our gluten-free recipes use our king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour , which includes ingredients that reduce the grittiness sometimes found in gluten-free baked goods . our flour also increases the shelf life of your treats , keeping them fresh longer .


the following make-at-home blend , featuring stabilized brown rice flour , works pretty well when substituted ; and it tastes better than a blend using regular brown rice flour .


whisk together 6 cups ( 28 1/2 ounces ) king arthur stabilized brown rice flour ; 2 cups ( 10 3/4 ounces ) potato starch ; and 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) tapioca flour or tapioca starch . store airtight at room temperature . note : you can substitute white rice flour for the brown rice flour if you like ; it 'll make your baked goods grittier ( unless you manage to find a finely ground version ) .
no hi-maize ? substitute 1/4 cup king arthur gluten-free flour or brown rice flour blend .


hearth bread bagels

the flavor of a good bagel begins with a simple but firm dough , and is developed over time . the boiling stage forms a skin on the exterior , which quickly cooks the skin of the bagel so it ca n't expand freely in the oven , resulting in a dense , delicious interior .

dough

454 g lukewarm water
21 g barley malt syrup
11 g active dry yeast
602 g to 723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g salt
1 large egg , beaten with 2 teaspoons water , for brushing on the bagels
sesame seeds , poppy seeds , or other topping , optional

boiling liquid

water to fill a saucepan by 3 ''
21 g barley malt syrup , optional
14 g salt , optional

in a large bowl , dissolve the barley malt syrup in the lukewarm water . add the yeast and two cups of flour , and mix well . let work for about 10 minutes , or until the mixture is expanded and bubbly . stir in the salt , then an additional 3 cups of flour . when the dough begins to hold together and pull away from the sides of the bowl , it 's ready to knead . turn it out onto a kneading surface where you 've sprinkled another 1/2 cup of flour . knead the dough for 3 to 4 minutes , then let the dough rest while you clean and grease your bowl . knead an additional 3 to 4 minutes , adding flour only if necessary , until the dough is smooth , elastic and no longer sticky . form the dough into a ball and place it in the greased bowl , turning to coat all sides . cover the bowl with a damp towel or piece of plastic wrap and set it in a draft-free spot until it has not quite doubled in bulk , 1 to 2 hours . after the first rise , gently deflate the dough . on a well-floured surface with a well-floured rolling pin , roll it out to about 1/2 '' in thickness . there are several ways to form bagels . experiment and pick whatever method suits your fancy . method i : cut strips about 3/4 '' wide by 6 '' or 7 '' long . pinch the two ends together , moistening the ends with water to help them stick . put your hand inside the bagel 's circle , place your hand over the overlapped ends , and roll back and forth to seal the seam . unless you seal them well , they tend to come apart as you cook them . method ii : cut them out with a large round cookie cutter and use a small cookie cutter to cut out the center . method iii : take a piece of dough slightly larger than a golf ball , poke a hole through it with your finger , enlarge it a bit , and twirl the dough around your finger until the hole is an inch or so in diameter . let the formed bagels rest for 15 to 20 minutes , while you preheat your oven to 450°f and get your water heated . line two baking sheets with parchment . fill a large saucepan with about 3 '' of water . add the malt extract if you want a shiny bagel surface , or add the salt if you want a slightly salty surface . place over medium heat until the water simmers . the bagels are ready to cook when they 've risen slightly ( they should still be firm enough that the surface will bounce back a bit when lightly touched ) . bring the water to a full boil and then turn it down so it 's still bubbling gently , but not rolling . this keeps the action of the boil from deflating the bagel dough . carefully slip 2 or 3 bagels into the water , making sure you give them enough room to expand . keep the water at a simmer . after 1 minute , flip them over gently and continue cooking them 3 more minutes . carefully lift the bagels out of the water with a slotted spatula or spoon , and gently place them on the baking sheet so they do n't deflate . repeat with the remaining bagels . slide the bagels into the oven and bake them for 10 minutes . after 10 minutes , you can safely brush them with the egg wash for shine and sprinkle sesame or poppy seeds on them . bake the bagels 8 to 10 minutes more ( 18 to 20 minutes altogether ) , turning them over 4 to 5 minutes before they 're done . remove from the oven and cool them on a rack . store wrapped at room temperature for up to 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to make a classic egg bagel , make up a batch of hearth bread dough , replacing the 2 cups water with 2 extra-large eggs ( equals 1/2 cup liquid ) and 1 1/2 cups water in which you 've boiled potatoes.use any yeasted bread dough flavored any way you want for a whole variety of bagels . sprinkle on chopped onion or garlic , or caraway or dill seeds , or whatever you want to bring out or add to the flavor of the dough.one bagel variant are `` bagins '' , which are just bagels with the holes left in . this english muffin/bagel hybrid was devised to maximize the surface that cream cheese or other yummy things can be spread on .


apple oatmeal bread

apples are great prepared in any fashion , but especially in yeast breads . not only is the flavor great , but the apples keep the bread moist . one universal favorite apple for baking is granny smith , but local markets and farm stands may offer unique regional varieties .

18 g active dry yeast
113 g warm water
454 g warm milk
25 g vegetable oil
106 g brown sugar
2 teaspoons salt
198 g oat flakes or old-fashioned rolled oats
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
602 g ( approximately ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g coarsely chopped tart apples
113 g coarsely chopped walnuts
additional oat flakes or rolled oats , for sprinkling in pan and for topping
1 large egg beaten with 14 g cold water , for topping

in a large bowl , stir yeast into water to soften . add milk , oil , brown sugar , salt , oats , cinnamon , 2 cups flour , apples and walnuts . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . gradually add remaining flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put the dough into an oiled bowl , turning once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil , and cover with a towel . let rise in a warm place until puffy , about 1 hour . grease two 9 '' x 5 '' or 10 '' x 5 '' loaf pans , and sprinkle with rolled oats . turn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface . divide dough in half . shape dough into loaves and place in prepared pans . cover with a piece of lightly greased plastic and let rise until almost doubled , about 45 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . just before baking , brush tops of loaves with egg/water mixture . sprinkle with additional rolled oats . bake for 30 minutes , or until internal temperature of loaves reaches 190°f . immediately remove bread from pans and cool on a rack , to prevent crust from becoming soggy . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




onion and bay loaf

this recipe is adapted from dan lepard 's handmade bread , and incorporates the comforting flavors of a well-made béchamel sauce . a great sandwich bread , wonderful as the building block of a first-class panini .

onions

283 g onions , medium diced
283 g whole milk
3 bay leaves

dough

strained milk from above
170 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour , premium whole wheat flour , or organic whole wheat flour
269 g to 298 g king arthur king arthur unbleached bread flour or organic bread flour
drained onions from above
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast

to prepare the onions : place the onions , milk , and bay leaves in a saucepan . bring to a boil , then lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes . remove from the heat , strain , and cool to room temperature . discard the bay leaves , and reserve the milk and onions . to make the dough : put the cooled milk in a mixing bowl with the starter . add the whole wheat flour and 1 cup of the bread flour . stir in the onions , salt , yeast , and another 1 1/4 cups of bread flour . cover and let sit for 10 minutes . if the dough is still sticky , stir in the remaining 1/4 cup of bread flour . knead the dough on an oiled surface for 10 seconds , return to the bowl , and cover . let the dough rest for 10 minutes . repeat the brief kneading for 10 seconds more , return to the bowl , cover , and let rise for 1 hour . line a deep 8 '' bowl with a flour-rubbed dish towel , or generously flour a banneton . deflate and fold the dough over on itself , then shape it into a ball . place it , seam-side up , in the prepared bowl or banneton . cover and let rise until doubled ( 1 1/2 hours ) . preheat the oven to 425°f ; if you have a baking stone , place it on a shelf in the bottom third of the oven . invert the loaf onto a piece of parchment on the back of a baking sheet or peel . spray the top with water , slash the dough , then slide it into the oven . bake the bread for 20 minutes , then reduce the oven 's temperature to 375°f and bake for another 30 minutes , until the center of the bread reads 205°f when measured with a digital thermometer ; the top is a deep golden brown , and the bottom of the loaf sounds hollow when you tap it . remove the bread from the oven and cool on a rack before slicing .

tips from our bakers

what is `` ripe '' sourdough starter ? it 's a starter that 's been fed and allowed to work at room temperature until at its peak level of activity . it should be full of bubbles ; if you watch it for 10 to 15 seconds , you should see bubbles coming to the surface and popping , as if a slow-motion boil is happening . this loaf lets time do the work of developing the dough 's structure , as opposed to kneading . too much pushing the dough around will collapse the onions in it , releasing their liquid and making the dough wet and sticky . gently kneading or folding the dough helps the gluten develop as it rests.this dough makes excellent sandwich or dinner rolls . for a sandwich roll , divide the dough into 16 pieces . for dinner rolls , divide into 24 pieces . to finish , place on a parchment-lined baking sheet for their last rise ( 40 to 45 minutes ) . bake in a preheated 375°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes for dinner rolls , and 30 to 35 minutes for sandwich rolls .


irish brown bread

a slightly sweet , craggy , `` everyday '' loaf , with inspiration from customer fred b. dugan . serve this brown bread with sweet butter — and a dollop of marmalade , if desired . whole wheat pastry flour will make a moist loaf with fine crumb ; irish-style flour , a more traditional open-textured , drier loaf .

383 g king arthur whole wheat pastry flour or 439 g irish-style flour
25 g to 35 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons baking powder
340 g buttermilk
25 g vegetable oil or 28 g melted butter

preheat the oven to 400°f . lightly grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment . in a large bowl , stir together the flour , sugar , salt , baking soda and baking powder . make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the buttermilk and the oil or butter . stir together until blended — some lumps will remain . turn the dough out onto a floured board and knead about 10 times , or until it all holds together . form the dough into a large ball and place it on the prepared baking sheet . cut a deep cross in the top . bake the bread for approximately 40 minutes , or until it tests done ( a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center will come out clean ) . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack . enjoy warm or at room temperature . store , well-wrapped , for a couple of days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .




crunchy breadsticks

these light , crunchy sticks , made from a fairly typical pizza dough , can be left plain , coated with seeds or crushed nuts , or anointed with a flavored oil before baking . place them upright in a tall glass or clean vase , and set them on a low table within kids ' easy reach , or serve with soup or salad .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
18 g easy-roll dough improver , optional but helpful
7 g pizza dough flavor , optional but good
25 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
39 g olive oil ( plus 12 g to brush atop the breadsticks before baking )
227 g water
toasted sesame seeds or other seeds/ seed blends of your choice , for topping

combine all of the dough ingredients except the topping , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and roll it into a 10 '' x 20 '' rectangle . brush the dough lightly with olive oil , and sprinkle it with the topping of your choice . roll the dough gently with a rolling pin to press in the topping . use a pizza wheel or a sharp knife to cut the dough ( the short way ) into 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' wide strips . twist the ends of each strip in opposite directions to make a `` twist , '' and place the sticks on lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . let the breadsticks rest , covered , for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 425°f . bake them for 12 to 14 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . these go from pale to golden to burned very quickly . pay close attention to them as they get around the 10-minute mark . remove from the oven and let cool a few minutes before serving . store any leftover breadsticks in an airtight container for up to 5 days at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

instead of olive oil , you could brush the dough with an egg white beaten with a tablespoon of water . this may make the sticks just marginally less tasty , but the seeds will adhere much better .


cheese brioche buns

these rich , buttery sandwich buns include a generous helping of finely ground cheddar cheese kneaded right into the dough . the result ? assertive cheese flavor that 's wonderfully complementary in all kinds of sandwiches — especially ham . due to their high percentage of both cheese and butter , these rolls will feel a bit stiff at room temperature . to unlock their soft texture , reheat gently before enjoying .

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g sharp cheddar cheese*
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk at room temperature , white reserved for wash ( below )
57 g lukewarm water
113 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
*we particularly like cabot 's farmers ' legacy collection cheddars .

egg wash

1 large egg white , reserved from above
14 g cold water

to make the dough : cut the cheese into chunks . place the flour and cheese into the work bowl of a food processor . process until the cheese is finely ground , and no chunks remain . combine the flour/cheese with the remainder of the dough ingredients , mixing to make a rough , sticky dough . knead the dough — in a mixer or bread machine — until it 's smooth and starting to become shiny . it can take up to 20 minutes of kneading in a stand mixer to develop ( see `` tips , '' below ) , so we do n't recommend kneading this by hand . form the dough into a ball , place it in a greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for 1 hour . refrigerate the covered dough overnight , to make it easier to shape . next day , remove the dough from the refrigerator about an hour before you want to shape the buns . divide the dough into 10 equal pieces ; each will be about 85g . shape each piece into a ball ; working with the chilled dough is exactly like working with clay or play-doh , so it 's easy to shape . position the balls on a parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving space between them . using the bottom of a measuring cup or other flat surface , flatten the balls to about 3 1/2 '' diameter . cover the buns , and let them rise until they 're quite puffy . this may take up to 3 to 4 hours , depending on how warm your rising environment , and how cold the dough . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . to make the egg wash : whisk together the egg white and water until foamy . brush the buns with the egg wash. bake the buns for 20 minutes ; tent loosely with aluminum foil . bake for an additional 7 to 10 minutes , until the buns are golden brown , and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of one reads about 190°f . remove the buns from the oven , and cool them on a rack .

tips from our bakers

oftentimes grated cheese gives yeast bread or rolls a speckled appearance — but not in the case of these buns . blending the recipe 's flour and cheese in a food processor grinds the cheese super-fine , allowing it to disperse throughout the buns completely rather than make `` freckles '' on their crust . due to its high fat content , this dough can take lots of kneading to come together and become smooth . here 's the kneading method we like best ; it takes just 10 to 12 minutes . using a stand mixer ( we use kitchenaid in our test kitchen ) , beat with the beater attachment for 2 minutes at medium-high speed ( kitchenaid speed 6 ) . scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl , and repeat , beating for 2 minutes . by this time , the dough should have begun leaving the sides of the bowl ; if it has n't , scrape and repeat once more . switch to the dough hook , and knead for 4 to 6 minutes at `` kneading speed '' ( kitchenaid speed 4 ) , until the dough is smooth and shiny . what 's the easiest way to divide dough into 10 perfectly equal pieces ? first , weigh it ( in grams , preferably ) , and divide by 10 ; this gives you the weight of each bun . next , break off two pieces of dough , each weighing the target weight . you now have two buns , and one larger piece of dough . divide the larger piece of dough into eight pieces simply by dividing in half , then in half again , etc . can you use other cheeses , besides cheddar ? we do n't recommend soft cheese ; its moisture will `` glue up '' the flour . but so long as you use a hard , full-flavored cheese , sure , whatever you like is fine .


classic pretzels

these old-fashioned `` philadelphia-style '' pretzels are almost like bagels — smooth and shiny on the outside , chewy within .

pretzel dough

11 g sugar
454 g room-temperature water
11 g active dry yeast or 2 teaspoons instant yeast
340 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons non-diastatic malt powder or sugar
11 g salt
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

water bath

1361 g water
28 g baking soda

topping

pretzel salt or kosher salt

mix the sugar , water and yeast ; stir to dissolve . ( if you 're using instant yeast , skip this step , simply combining all of the ingredients at once . ) add the white wheat flour , malt , salt , and enough unbleached flour to make a soft ( but not sticky ) dough . knead well , place in a bowl , and let rise until puffy , about 60 minutes . divide the dough into 16 pieces . roll each piece into a log , and shape the logs into pretzels . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) preheat the oven to 450° . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . in a large pot , boil together 6 cups of water and 2 tablespoons baking soda . put 4 pretzels at a time into the boiling water , and cook for 1 minute . transfer boiled pretzels to the baking sheet . sprinkle the pretzels with salt , and bake for 12 to 15 minutes , or until the pretzels are well-browned . store , well-wrapped , for up to 3 days on the counter , and freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to shape the pretzels , take each rope and make a u-shaped loop with fairly short ends . cross the rope near the ends , twist the ends a second time , and fold the twist into the middle of the u . press the ends of the rope on either side of the bottom center of the loop , creating the classic pretzel shape .


rustic olive sourdough bread

this loaf 's slight tang of sourdough , plus the brininess of olives , are perfectly complementary . the strength of these flavors works well with assertive sandwich fillings such as tuna , smoked fish , or meat . which is not to say the bread is n't equally good slathered with salted butter , as a side to a mediterranean-inspired meal .

227 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
283 g lukewarm water
50 g olive oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 cloves garlic , finely chopped
1 tablespoon fresh oregano , finely chopped ; or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano
539 to 574 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
71 to 142 g drained , pitted , and coarsely chopped kalamata olives

combine all of the ingredients , except the olives , mixing and kneading to form a smooth dough then fold in the olives . cover the dough , and allow it to rise until it 's doubled in size , about 90 minutes . gently divide the dough in half ; it 'll deflate somewhat . shape each piece of dough into a round loaf . place each loaf on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the loaves and let them rise until very puffy , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . spray the loaves with lukewarm water , and make two fairly deep diagonal slashes in each . bake the loaves for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're a very deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack .

tips from our bakers

for robust olive flavor , add 1 cup sliced olives , with 4 to 6 tablespoons additional flour , to the dough.for a crunchier crust , bake the loaves on a preheated pizza stone .


polish babka

this rich bread , laced with rum syrup and drizzled with icing , is often served at easter in polish households . babka is a polish word for grandmother ; the loaf is baked in a bundt pan so that , when it 's served , it looks like a grandmother 's wide , fluted skirt . although it 's traditionally shaped that way , babka can be shaped any way you please ; just bake it in a loaf pan , if that 's what you have . this recipe was inspired by one in our 1990 200th anniversary cookbook , which includes a wealth of recipes and information from cultures around the world . you 'll notice that , despite being made with yeast , it 's an easy batter bread ; `` no-knead '' is n't as new a concept as you might think !

babka

113 g lukewarm milk
3 large eggs , at room temperature
heaping 1/2 teaspoon salt
50 g granulated sugar
57 g softened butter
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
43 g currants or raisins ( golden raisins preferred )
43 g candied mixed fruit or candied mixed peel ; or mixed dried fruit , chopped

rum syrup

99 g granulated sugar
57 g water*
14 g to 28 g rum*
*or substitute apple juice for the water and rum .

icing ( optional )

113 g confectioners ' sugar
pinch of salt
28 g milk ; or a combination of milk and rum or apple juice

place everything except the fruit in a mixing bowl , and beat at medium speed until cohesive . increase your mixer 's speed to high , and beat for 2 minutes . add the fruit , beating gently just to combine . cover the bowl , and let the dough/thick batter rest/rise for 60 minutes ; it wo n't appear to do too much . scoop the batter into a greased 10-cup bundt pan . cover the pan , and let the dough rest/rise for 30 minutes , while you preheat your oven to 350°f . bake the babka for 35 to 40 minutes , until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf reads at least 190°f . while the babka is baking , prepare the rum syrup . combine all of the syrup ingredients in a small saucepan set over medium heat . bring the mixture to a boil , and boil , swirling the liquid in the pan , until the sugar dissolves . remove from the heat . remove the babka from the oven . poke it all over gently with a toothpick or fork , and slowly pour the syrup over the babka 's surface . when the syrup is fully absorbed ( about 20 minutes or so ) , carefully loosen the babka 's edges , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . if you choose to use the icing : mix all of the ingredients together , stirring until smooth . drizzle over completely cool babka .

tips from our bakers

do n't have a bundt pan ? bake the bread in an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , instead .


double chocolate zucchini bread

moist , dense , and super chocolate-y , no one will ever guess there 's zucchini in this bread . what a great way to use up some of your excess harvest !

2 large eggs
113 g honey
99 g vegetable oil
106 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon espresso powder , optional
28 g king arthur triple cocoa blend or dutch-process cocoa
202 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
340 g shredded , unpeeled zucchini
170 g chocolate chips

preheat the oven to 350°f ; lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a large mixing bowl , beat the eggs , honey , oil , sugar , and vanilla until smooth . add the salt , baking soda , baking powder , espresso powder , cocoa , and flour , mixing until well combined . stir in the zucchini and chocolate chips . pour the batter into the prepared pan . bake the bread for 65 to 75 minutes , until the loaf tests done ( a toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean , save for perhaps a light smear of chocolate from the melted chips ) . remove the bread from the oven , and let it cool for 10 to 15 minutes before turning it out of the pan onto a rack . cool completely before slicing ; store well-wrapped , at room temperature . yield : one 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf .




calzone

calzone , a traditional italian stuffed bread , can be shaped a couple of different ways . one simply rolls dough out like a pizza and folds it over like a turnover . the older and more traditional shape is like a jelly roll , or as the italian translation of calzone suggests , a pant leg . we 'll give you the `` pant leg '' version here — though feel free to go with the turnover shape if you prefer . as for filling , the sky ( or your imagination ) is the limit ! simply choose your favorite combination of sauce , meats , cheeses , and vegetables ; we give you suggestions below . this is a great time to use up those odd bits of leftover ( but quite tasty ) savory ingredients . notice we 're not including any specific amounts ; that 's up to you , and your preference for minimalist vs. overstuffed sandwiches , to decide .

dough

454 g lukewarm ( 110°f ) water
11 g sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast , or one packet active dry yeast
723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g salt

filling

sauce : marinara , pizza , pesto , etc .
meat : sliced ham , pepperoni , prosciutto , salami , smoked turkey , cooked and crumbled hamburger , sausage , etc .
cheese , sliced or grated : provolone , mozzarella , parmesan , gorgonzola , feta , etc .
vegetables , chopped or sautéed : onions , scallions , hot or sweet peppers , mushrooms , garlic , shallots , olives , capers , sun-dried tomatoes , artichoke hearts , spinach , etc .

topping

1 large egg
1 tablespoon water
poppy or sesame seeds , optional

to make the dough : mix all of the ingredients together until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a floured surface to knead . knead the dough until it 's smooth and supple , adding more water or flour as needed . place the dough in a bowl . cover the bowl and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour , or until it 's puffy . gently press the dough down , and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface . alternatively , you can leave dough in the bowl and let it rise again , for about half the time of the initial rising ; this will produce a finer-grained product . to make the calzones : cut your dough into 2 pieces . roll out each piece into a 10 '' x 14 '' rectangle . spread a thin layer of sauce on first . then layer it with your choice of ingredients . starting with the long edge , roll the dough around the filling jelly-roll style . pinch the seam and ends together very tightly and place the roll on a parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the calzone with a damp towel or plastic wrap ( grease the underside of it so it wo n't stick to the dough ) . let it rise for 45 minutes to an hour . preheat your oven to 450°f . to make the crust crunchy , preheat a metal roasting pan on the oven bottom . to make the topping : whisk together the egg and water to make a thin glaze . slash the tops of the loaves , then brush with the egg wash and sprinkle with sesame or poppy seeds . just before you put the calzone in the oven , pour 3 to 4 cups of water into the roasting pan . bake for 15 minutes at 450°f . turn the heat down to 400°f and continue baking for a further 15 minutes , or until the crust is golden brown . to serve , allow the calzone to cool and `` set '' for 10 or 15 minutes . then cut it in slices . for traveling , allow it to cool completely , slice , and wrap in an airtight bag . store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days , and reheat briefly before serving .

tips from our bakers

filling tips : do n't make the filling too juicy . do n't shy away from strong-flavored ingredients ; they 'll be moderated by the calzone crust . when adding fillings , leave enough room around the outside edge of the dough so you can seal it tightly ; do n't overfill , or you wo n't be able to seal it at all .


new england anadama bread

there are many versions of how this bread came into being . they 're all similar , but each varies slightly . the general consensus is that a new england woman named anna provoked her husband — some say through laziness , others say from baking the same bread daily , or for not finishing her bread-baking . the husband either threw a bag of cornmeal at her and missed , but spilled it into the dough ; or he grabbed cornmeal instead of flour and tried to finish her bread . he muttered , `` anna , damn her ! '' the story 's origin may be confused , but this simple loaf of flour , cornmeal , yeast , and molasses has graced new england kitchens for years . this hearty bread is great for sandwiches , and good with any number of soups .

113 g yellow cornmeal
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
43 g butter
85 g dark molasses
227 g to 255 g boiling water*
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur premium or king arthur white whole wheat flour or white rye flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
*use the greater amount of water in the winter , or under dry conditions ; the lesser amount in summer , or when it 's humid out .

whisk together the cornmeal and salt . add the butter and molasses to the bowl . pour in the boiling water , stirring until the butter has melted and the mixture is smooth . let the mixture cool to lukewarm , about 15 minutes . mix in the dry milk , flours , and yeast . let the dough rest for 20 minutes ; this gives the flours and cornmeal a chance to absorb the liquid . knead the dough for about 7 minutes at medium speed of a stand mixer , until it 's smooth . it 'll be somewhat stiff , but still fairly sticky on the surface . cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it 's just about doubled , about 1 hour . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place the log in an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . ( want to bake a round loaf ? see `` tips , '' below . ) cover the pan , and let the dough rise until the center has crested at least 1 '' above the lip of the loaf pan , about 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . you may want to tent the bread loosely with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes of baking , if you prefer a lighter crust .

tips from our bakers

some variations of this bread include rye flour . substitute 1/2 cup white rye flour for 1/2 cup of the whole wheat flour , if desired.for a round loaf , as pictured above , shape the dough into a ball and place it in a lightly greased 3- to 4-quart dutch oven .


buckwheat and mushroom stromboli

buckwheat 's earthy flavor stands up beautifully to the meaty texture and hearty taste of sautéed wild mushrooms . fontina cheese , spinach , and roasted red peppers make each serving a well-rounded meal .

dough

89 g buckwheat flour
99 g spelt flour
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
25 g olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
170 g to 227 g water

filling

25 g olive oil
454 g to 567 g mixed wild mushrooms
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
220 g diced onion
71 g baby spinach leaves
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried
340g-jar roasted red peppers , drained and diced
227 g grated fontina cheese

egg wash

1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water

to make the dough : combine all the ingredients in a large bowl and mix until everything comes together . knead for 6 to 8 minutes , until the dough is smooth and somewhat elastic . it may be a bit on the sticky side ; that 's ok. cover and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . while the dough is rising , make the filling . to make the filling : place a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil . when it ripples , add the mushrooms and cook , stirring occasionally , for 5 minutes , until they give up their liquid and it cooks away . season with salt and pepper , then add the onion and continue cooking until translucent . stir in the spinach , cook until just wilted , then remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl . add the herbs and diced peppers . stir to combine ; let cook to room temperature , stirring every few minutes . once cooled , stir in the grated cheese . preheat the oven to 375°f . line a baking sheet with parchment . after the dough 's first rise , turn it out of its bowl onto a lightly floured surface and divide it in half . pat each half into a 12 '' x 8 '' rectangle . working with one half at a time , spoon half of the cooled filling onto the center third of the dough , smoothing it into a strip 2 '' wide and 10 '' from top to bottom ( there should be an inch-wide strip of uncovered dough at the top and bottom of the filling ) . fold the top and bottom of the dough over the filling to cover the ends . gently fold one side of the dough up and over the filling , then roll it over the remaining uncovered dough , with the seam ending up on the bottom . repeat with the rest of the dough and filling . transfer each log to the prepared baking sheet . cut 1 '' slits in the top to reveal the filling and allow steam to escape while baking . cover with greased plastic and let rise for 30 minutes . after this rise , uncover and brush the stromboli with the beaten egg mixture and bake for 30 to 35 minutes , until the dough is set and just begins to take on some color at the edges . remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving warm . store any leftover stromboli , well wrapped , in the refrigerator for up to five days .




onion buns

why bake your own sandwich buns ? because homemade is so much better than store-bought . these soft , golden buns feature a subtle spiral of dried onion , giving them incredible aroma and marvelous flavor . they 're perfect for all kinds of sandwiches — and hamburgers , of course . read our blog about these buns , with additional photos , at flourish .

dough

170 to 227 g lukewarm water*
28 g butter
1 large egg
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 tablespoon instant yeast
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

topping

21 g minced dried onion
1 egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon water
topping seeds : sesame , poppy , etc. , optional

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead themby hand , mixer , or bread machineto make a soft , somewhat tacky dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or other container large enough to allow it to at least double in bulk , cover , and let it rise for about 60 to 70 minutes , till it 's just about doubled . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat/roll it into a 12 '' x 17 '' rectangle sprinkle the dough with the minced onion , and press/roll it into the surface gently . starting with a short ( 12 '' ) end , roll the dough into a log , sealing the ends and side seam . cut the log into eight slices . a pair of scissors works very well here . place the buns on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , flattening them to about 3 '' wide . cover them , and allow them to rise till they 're very puffy , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . uncover the buns , brush them with the beaten egg white/water , and sprinkle with seeds , if desired . bake the buns for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown and feel set when you poke them . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . when completely cool , wrap in plastic , and store at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

beaten egg white/water will give your buns a golden , shiny crust . it also acts as glue for the seeds . if you do n't like seeds on your buns , simply leave them off . for a soft , buttery crust , skip the egg white , and brush buns with melted butter just before baking , and right after removing them from the oven.when making yeast rolls or bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


stuffed breakfast crescent

this crescent is a glorified `` breakfast sandwich '' to go . warm , savory filling and crispy crust ... it 's all there . bake it the night before and reheat . or , for fresh-baked goodness , shape the night before , cover and refrigerate , then bake the next morning , adding 5 to 10 minutes to the baking time .

dough

283 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil
397 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g grated cheddar cheese
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

142 g fresh mushrooms , sliced and lightly sautéed
340 g breakfast sausage , cooked and crumbled , fat removed
2 teaspoons fresh crushed garlic
57 g grated cheddar cheese

to make the dough : mix and then knead all the dough ingredients together to make a smooth , slightly sticky dough . this will take about 7 minutes in a stand mixer ; or use the dough setting on your bread machine , allowing the machine to complete its cycle and skipping to step # 3 below . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or 8-cup measure , cover it , and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's just about doubled in bulk . while the dough is rising , stir together the filling ingredients . on a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface , roll the dough into a 9 '' x 15 '' rectangle . sprinkle the filling atop the dough , leaving a 1 '' border at the edges . roll the dough up jelly-roll style , starting with a long edge . pinch the seams well , and tuck the side edges under , pinching them to seal . pick up the log of dough and transfer it , seam-side down , to a parchment-lined baking sheet . shape it into a crescent or horseshoe shape . make cuts ( about 1/2 '' deep ) at 1 '' intervals across the top of the loaf . cover the crescent with greased plastic wrap and let it rise for 30 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . allow it to cool for 10 minutes before serving warm . yield : 8 to 10 servings .




amish dinner rolls

this recipe was inspired by one in a small handwritten amish cookbook ; thus its name . and my , oh my , are these rolls good ! dense yet still tender , moist but not at all heavy , these are the quintessential soft dinner roll . mashed potato gives them both their soft texture , and staying power : they 'll remain moist and fresh-tasting at room temperature for several days , meaning they 're a good candidate for make-ahead .

2 large eggs
67 g sugar
2 teaspoons salt
85 g softened butter
213 g unseasoned mashed potatoes*
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
170 g lukewarm water ( water in which the potatoes were boiled , if possible )
510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*1 medium-to-large baking potato will yield 8 ounces of mashed potato .

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let the dough rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 90 minutes . if you 're using a bread machine , allow the machine to complete its cycle , then leave the dough in the machine until it 's doubled in bulk , perhaps an additional 30 minutes or so . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 16 large balls , or 24 smaller balls . round each ball into a smooth roll . place the rolls in a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until they 're quite puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown and feel set . remove them from the oven , and turn them out of the pan onto a rack . brush with melted butter , if desired . serve rolls warm , or at room temperature . store rolls , well wrapped in plastic , for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

these rolls have the characteristic golden brown , rounded , smooth top of a classic dinner roll ; we like to bake them rather tightly spaced , in a 9 '' x 13 '' pan , so that they crowd each other and become pull-apart rolls , with unbrowned sides , as they 're baking . for round rolls that are browned all over , place them in a larger pan , farther apart , so that they wo n't touch one another while they 're baking .


sprouted whole wheat and fruit focaccia

this recipe comes to us from peter reinhart , who suggests experimenting with a different variety of fruits . his go-to variation is with golden raisins and dried cranberries , but any of your favorite dried fruits are welcome substitutes . he also suggests trying the focaccia without fruit and loading on your favorite pizza toppings as a more nutritious alternative to traditional pizza crust .

454 g sprouted whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon salt
454 g lukewarm water
about 227 g of your favorite dried fruits
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
olive oil

combine all the ingredients in the bowl of an electric mixer . with the paddle attachment , mix on low speed for 1 minute . let the dough rest for 5 minutes , then continue mixing on medium speed for another 2 minutes . this is a very wet , limp dough , so do n't be concerned if it looks like it 's not holding together . transfer the dough to a well-greased work surface and stretch and fold it over onto itself once — a dough scraper works well for this . cover the dough with a large bowl and let it rest for 5 minutes . repeat this process three more times , so that you 've kneaded the dough a total of four times . generously grease a large , rimmed baking sheet , and transfer the dough to it . drizzle some olive oil onto the dough and stretch it as far as you can before it starts to spring back . cover the pan and let the dough rest for 1 hour . drizzle a little more olive oil over the dough , then stretch it out to the edges of the pan , leaving finger dimples as you go . cover the pan again and let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it comes to the top of the pan . while the focaccia is rising , preheat the oven to 450°f . bake the focaccia for 20 to 30 minutes , until it 's golden brown on both top and bottom . remove the focaccia from the oven and slide it out onto a cutting board to serve . yield : about 12 servings .

tips from our bakers

our thanks to peter reinhart for this recipe . peter is the author of artisan breads everyday , and peter reinhart 's whole grain breads ; he 's also the host of pizzaquest.com . contact peter at peter @ pizzaquest.com .


sourdough focaccia

it 's hard to forget a meal at mindy segal 's restaurant , hot chocolate , in chicago . for us , the thick squares of soft yet chewy sourdough focaccia were so memorable that we had to create our own version . the restaurant serves its focaccia with honey-sweetened ricotta , but it 's just as tasty served plain .

dough

340 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
340 g lukewarm water
723 g high-gluten flour
74 g olive oil , plus extra for the pan and the top of the focaccia
1 tablespoon salt
43 g honey , salted or regular*
1 tablespoon instant yeast
fresh or dried rosemary , for topping
*if using regular honey , add 1/2 teaspoon salt

spread

227 g ricotta cheese
1 tablespoon bees knees salted honey or regular honey*
*if using regular honey , add 1/4 teaspoon salt

to make the dough : combine the starter and water in a large mixing bowl . combine the flour with the starter , water , and remaining ingredients . mix and knead — by hand or stand mixer — until the dough is smooth and elastic . if you 're using a stand mixer , this should take 5 to 7 minutes on the lowest speed using the dough hook attachment . if you 're kneading by hand , you 'll need 12 to 15 minutes . place the dough in a bowl that 's been lightly coated with olive oil , cover , and allow to rise for 60 minutes . gently fold the dough over three or four times , and let it rise for another 60 minutes . drizzle a generous 2 tablespoons olive oil into the center of a large sheet cake pan . do n't have a large sheet cake pan ? see `` tips , '' below . transfer the dough to the pan , and turn it over to coat it with the oil . gently stretch the dough into the edges and corners of the pan . as soon as the dough begins to shrink back , cover it , and let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes . gently stretch the dough again , repeating the rest once more , if necessary , until the dough fills the pan . cover the pan and transfer it to the refrigerator to let the dough rise for 14 to 16 hours ( overnight ) . the next day , remove the pan of dough from the refrigerator and preheat the oven to 425°f for 30 minutes ( if your kitchen is warm ) to 60 minutes ( in a cooler kitchen ) just before you 're ready to bake , gently dimple the dough at irregular intervals with your fingers , pressing down firmly but not abruptly ; you do n't want to deflate the focaccia too much . drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil ( or enough to collect a bit in the dimples ) , then sprinkle with rosemary and a bit of flaked sea salt . bake the focaccia for 20 to 25 minutes , until light golden brown . remove the focaccia from the oven . allow it to cool enough for you to handle it comfortably , 10 to 15 minutes , then turn it out of the pan onto a rack . make the spread by stirring together the ricotta and honey . serve the focaccia warm or at room temperature , accompanied by the spread ; it 's best the same day it 's made . you can freeze any leftover focaccia and reheat defrosted slices in a toaster or 350°f oven , just until warmed through .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a large sheet cake pan , this recipe can be baked in two 9 '' x 13 '' pans . or to make a smaller focaccia , cut the recipe in half and bake in a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . you can use all-purpose flour in place of the high-gluten flour , but be sure to start with 1/4 cup less water when you mix the dough .


apple-cranberry bread pudding

celebrate the autumn harvest with this tangy-sweet , smooth and creamy bread pudding .

85 g dried cranberries
85 g chopped dried apples
170 g boiled cider
113 g water
907 g milk ( whole , low-fat , or nonfat )
5 large eggs
149 g sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon grated orange rind or a few drops orange oil
213 g crouton-size bread cubes , fresh or stale

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 11 '' or 9 '' x 9 '' pan , or a 2-quart baking dish . bring the cranberries , dried apples , boiled cider and water just to a boil in a microwave-safe bowl or sauce-pan . remove from the heat , and set aside to cool . whisk together the milk , eggs , sugar , vanilla , salt , cinnamon , and grated rind . stir in the softened fruit and bread . let rest for about 15 minutes . ( note : you can prepare the pudding up to this point and refrigerate , covered , overnight ; then bake the next day . ) pour the pudding into the prepared pan . bake for 50 to 60 minutes , until set and golden . remove from the oven , and let the pudding rest for 10 minutes before serving . serve with cinnamon whipped cream or ice cream , if desired .




maple walnut rolls

this white and whole wheat bread is maple-sweet and nutty . it 's delicious as is , or makes great french toast or bread pudding .

227 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
7 g king arthur whole-grain bread improver , optional , but helpful
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
78 g maple syrup
71 g cinnamon chips
113 g chopped walnuts
1/4 teaspoon natural maple flavor
35 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
28 g butter
255 g to 283 g water

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . lightly grease a 12 '' x 12 '' sticky bun pan or two 9 '' round pans . divide the dough into 16 pieces , round each piece into a ball , and place the balls in the pan ( s ) . allow the rolls to rise , covered , for about 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 23 minutes . remove them from the oven , and let them cool completely on a wire rack . store the rolls , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to a month .




french sourdough bread from a powdered starter

the powdered starter you 've purchased will allow you to make tasty bread with excellent texture , consistently , without the demanding job of keeping a sourdough fed . any sourdough will change over time , due to native bacteria being introduced into it ; using the powdered starter allows you to achieve the same results , batch after batch . once you 've opened and used some of the starter packet , close it tightly and freeze the rest for up to 6 months.use the following procedure for this powdered starter : before starting your bread , think about the following variables : temperature , water , flour , and time . let 's examine these elements before we get started.temperature : if you 're making the same bread recipe time after time , but getting different results , check that the temperature at which you keep your sponge ( the initial mixture made from the powdered starter , flour and water ) is consistent . there 's not one exact optimum temperature that everyone will agree upon , because everyone does n't like the same flavor in his or her bread . in general , try to keep your sponge between 70°f and 90°f . at cooler temperatures ( 65°f or below ) , the sponge will take longer to develop than the stated 18 to 20 hours , and wo n't develop as much acid flavor.water : if you have water that 's heavily chlorinated , it will affect the flavor of the bread and the action of the sponge . either use bottled water , or let the water sit in an open container for a day to let the chlorine dissipate . flour : use only unbleached , unbromated flour . the protein level in king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , or artisan bread flour , both 11.7 % , is perfect for crusty , country-style breads.time : the hardest part of a recipe is , for us , stating a `` rising '' time . just about everything you do while making bread can affect the rising time . please be flexible and build enough time into your schedule to allow the dough to develop its optimum flavor and rise.sourdough breadthis french sourdough loaf is assertively sour ; if you like san francisco-style sourdough , this one 's for you ! new to sourdough ? find the help you need for all of your sourdough baking at our sourdough essentials page .

sponge

1/4 teaspoon french sourdough starter
240 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or artisan bread flour
227 g warm water

dough

all of the sponge ( above )
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or artisan bread flour
170 g warm water
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast

to make the sponge : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , or in the bucket of your bread machine , mix the starter and the flour together . mix in the water . stir for several minutes to activate the gluten . ( if you 're using a bread machine for this step , cancel after about 6 minutes of kneading . ) cover and set aside in a warm ( 70°f to 90°f ) place for 18 to 20 hours . when ready , the sponge should have expanded by about one-third ( or more ) , and developed bubbles and a pleasing aroma . you may do this step up to 7 days ahead , then refrigerate until ready to use the sponge . ( if you want to enhance the sour flavor , substitute 1/2 cup rye or whole wheat flour for 1/2 cup of the unbleached all-purpose flour in your sponge . ) to make the dough : add the flour to the sponge along with the water , salt and yeast . stir to form a shaggy mass , then let the mixture sit for 20 to 30 minutes . ( this resting period , called the autolyse , allows the flour to absorb the water before you start kneading ; it will make kneading easier , and also help prevent you from adding too much flour to the dough . ) to knead the dough : turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . ( using a lightly floured work surface is ok , but the idea is not to work too much flour into the dough . a dough that 's slack and slightly sticky will produce a loaf with much better texture . many people knead in too much flour , thinking the dough is too sticky to work with , then end up with dry or crumbly bread . ) the dough starts out sticky , so a bench scraper is a handy tool . when the dough is kneaded enough , about 8 to 10 minutes by hand , 6 to 8 minutes in an electric mixer or bread machine , or about 90 seconds in a food processor , it will feel firm , slightly sticky , and elastic . place the dough in a greased bowl , turning to cover all sides , cover the bowl , and set it in a warm place ( though not above 90°f ) . do n't try to rush the dough by raising it at a temperature above 90° ; the best bread rises slowly , so give the dough time . after an hour , and again at the 2-hour mark , gently deflate it and fold it over a few times to redistribute the yeast and oxygen , and dispel some of the carbon dioxide . in 2 to 3 hours the dough should have almost doubled . to shape the dough : turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface . divide the dough in half , and form each half into a round . let the dough rest for 20 minutes or so , covered ; then form the pieces into whatever shapes you prefer — round , oval or baguette . raising your loaves in a couche or a banneton will help them achieve a thick , chewy crust . if you do n't have any of these , use a linen ( or other smooth — not terry cloth ) dishtowel to line a round bowl . heavily flour the forms you 're using , place the shaped loaves in them seam-side up , and cover . let the loaves rise for 2 or more hours ; the dough should have almost doubled . note : if you want really big holes in your loaves and loads of flavor , dust them with flour , cover , and refrigerate overnight ( without letting them rise first ) . preheat your oven to 475°f for 30 minutes . if your loaves have been refrigerated , remove them from the fridge , and let them rest , still covered , at room temperature , while you preheat your oven , about 30 minutes . once the loaves have come to room temperature , turn them out onto a floured baker 's peel ( if you have a baking stone in your oven ) , or onto lightly floured baking sheets . for risen , unrefrigerated loaves , turn them out the same way ( onto a peel or pan ) . slash the loaves several times using a lame , sharp knife or razor blade . just before placing the loaves in the oven , spritz them several times with water . put the loaves into the oven , spritz with water after 30 seconds , and again at 1 minute and 2 minutes . turn the oven temperature down to 450°f and bake for 18 to 25 minutes . be sure the bread is baked through , and the crust well browned . the bread should feel firm and sound hollow when tapped , and its internal temperature should read 195°f on an instant-read thermometer . much of the flavor is concentrated in a deep brown crust , so do n't be afraid to bake it until it 's good and dark . remove the bread from the oven . now tilt your head close , and listen : as the bread cools , you should hear it crackle . this is the sound of a good loaf . it 's hard not to tear off a piece right away , but the bread is still baking and developing flavor as it cools — it really will taste better after an hour of cooling . store on the counter for a day or two , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

this is a basic recipe and a great one to use as a jumping-off point . feel free to substitute some rye or whole wheat flour for some of the white flour ; you may have to adjust the water a little because all flours absorb liquids at a different rate . add chopped nuts , seeds , or herbs , or use the dough to make a stuffed fougasse — the possibilities are quite varied.this amount of water called for in the dough is a guideline . you may need to add a tablespoon or two more in the winter , or use a little less in the summer . flour can absorb water , or dry out . use your sense of touch to tell you if you need to sprinkle a little water over the dough , or add a little flour . the dough should feel slightly tacky , firm , but soft enough to `` relax . ''


sourdough dinner rolls

sourdough adds a touch of its distinct flavor and chewiness to these light , moist , buttery rolls . they 're baked , clustered together , in two 8 '' round pans , ensuring that each roll retains its soft , pillowy texture on all sides . they 're perfect for soaking up a melting pat of butter , or gravy and cranberry sauce at a thanksgiving feast .

113 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
227 g lukewarm water
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 tablespoons sugar
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
35 g baker 's special dry milk , or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — adding more flour or water if necessary to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough into a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow it to rise at warm room temperature until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , 60 to 90 minutes . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 8 '' round cake pans . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , gently deflate it , and divide it into 16 pieces . shape each piece of dough into a ball . place eight balls in each of the round pans ; if you space the balls evenly , they should n't touch one another . cover the pans and allow the rolls to rise until they touch one another and are very puffy , about 60 to 90 minutes . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 24 to 26 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown on top ; a digital thermometer inserted into one of the center rolls should read 190°f . remove the rolls from the oven and , after 2 or 3 minutes , carefully transfer them to a rack to cool .




fugassa bread

rustic fugassa bread is especially pretty when you use different colored peppers . red , yellow and green create the best color , as black or dark purple peppers , when cooked , become a disappointing gray . the word `` fugassa '' is from the ligurian dialect , and is closed related to fougasse , the open , flat loaf from provence . however , this bread is n't shaped like the traditional fougasse but you certainly try different shapes . serve this hearty bread with cold meat or pasta salad or a refreshing chilled soup for a cool , easy summer meal .

peppers and onions

25 g olive oil
78 g finely chopped onions
213 g chopped peppers ( this can be one color or a combination )

dough

283 g lukewarm ( 110°f ) water
2 1/2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
11 g sugar
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese
coarse sea salt

to make the peppers : cook oil , onions and peppers slowly in a large skillet over medium-low heat until the onions are transparent . when you cook onions and peppers slowly , the natural sugars caramelize , and they become quite sweet . set aside to cool to lukewarm . to make the dough : in a large bowl , stir yeast into warm water to soften . add salt , sugar , 2 cups flour , 1 cup cheese , and the cooled peppers . beat vigorously for 2 minutes . gradually add flour , a little at a time , until you have a dough stiff enough to knead . turn dough out onto a floured surface . knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put the dough into an oiled bowl . turn once to coat the entire ball of dough with oil . cover with towel and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . turn the dough out onto work surface . knead in the remaining 1 cup cheese , leaving large streaks of the cheese visible . the streaks will toast and add an attractive look to the bread , not to mention a marvelous flavor . shape the dough into a ball . flatten the top slightly , and place on a well-greased baking sheet . cover with a towel and let rise for 45 minutes . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . just before baking , brush the tops of the loaves with cold water and sprinkle with coarse sea salt , if desired . slit the loaf in three places , about 1/2 '' deep , across the top . for added crispness , steam should be added to the oven for the first 10 minutes of baking . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) bake for 30 minutes , or until the bread is darkly golden , and feels lighter when picked up . immediately remove bread from baking sheet and cool on a rack . store , wrapped , for up to 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

tips for steaming : put 2 cups of ice cubes directly on the floor of the oven . by the time they have melted and evaporated the 10 minutes is usually up . since some people have trouble working with this theory , you can also put a pan of boiling water on the bottom shelf of the oven and remove it after the first 10 minutes of baking . just be sure to work quickly to prevent loss of oven heat.this bread makes marvelous buns . when ready to shape , divide the dough into 12 equal pieces . shape each piece into a ball . place about 3 '' apart on well-greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . flatten tops slightly . just before baking , brush the top with cold water and sprinkle with coarse sea salt , if desired . slit each bun twice across the top , about 1/4 '' deep . bake in a preheated 400°f oven for 18 minutes , or until done . steam , as mentioned above , will make these buns extra crisp and crunchy .


walter sands ' favorite bread machine bread

this bread may be prepared and baked right in the machine ( 1 1/2-pound or larger models ) , or prepared in the machine , then removed , shaped , given a final rise and baked in a conventional oven . either way , it 's a good , down-to-earth white sandwich bread . this is a variation on a recipe from walter sands , one-time president and owner of the king arthur flour company . a member of just one of the many generations of the sands family associated with the business , walter made this bread faithfully once a week for years . because of his arthritic hands , he used a bread bucket with a crank , which kneaded hundreds of loaves of this fragrant , soft sandwich bread with all its happy associations . we 've modified walter 's recipe here for use in a bread machine .

283 g to 301 g lukewarm water , depending on the time of year ( more in the winter , less in the summer )
21 g honey or 15 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
46 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk granules
28 g butter
2 teaspoons salt
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

place the ingredients in your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer , and program the machine for white or basic bread , or for the dough cycle . press start . if you 're using the dough cycle , after the cycle is complete , allow the dough to continue to rise in the machine until it 's doubled in bulk . remove the dough , shape it into a loaf , and place it in a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . let it rise until almost doubled . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes . cool , and offer to a friend .




english muffins

make your own english muffins — why not ? while it does take a bit of time to slowly dry-fry these muffins in order to give them their signature crisp crust and moist interior , the process is n't difficult . and the result is out of this world .

397 g lukewarm milk
43 g softened butter
1 1/4 to 1 1/2 teaspoons salt , to taste
25 g sugar
1 large egg , lightly beaten
539 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
semolina or farina , for sprinkling the griddle or pan

note : thanks to reader feedback , this recipe has been amended as of 1/08/13 , as follows : the amount of flour has been increased to improve the dough 's consistency ; and the cooking time has been increased . combine all of the ingredients ( except the semolina or farina ) in a mixing bowl , or the bucket of your bread machine . this is a very soft dough , so you 'll need to treat it a bit differently than most yeast doughs . if you have a stand mixer , beat the dough using the flat beater paddle until it starts coming away from the sides of the bowl , and is satin-smooth and shiny ; this will take about 5 minutes at medium-high speed . when you lift up the beater , the dough will be very stretchy . if you have a bread machine , simply use the dough cycle . scrape the dough into a rough ball , and cover the bowl . let the dough rise until it 's nice and puffy ; this will take 1 to 2 hours or so . prepare your griddle ( s ) . using two griddles allows you to cook all the muffins at once ; but since you probably do n't have two griddles , you 'll need to cook the muffins in shifts . whatever you use — an electric griddle , stovetop griddle , frying pan , electric frying pan — sprinkle it heavily with semolina or farina . if you 're using a griddle or frying pan that 's not well-seasoned ( or non-stick ) , spray it with non-stick vegetable oil spray first , before adding the semolina or farina . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 16 pieces . shape each piece into a smooth ball , then flatten the balls until they 're about 3 '' to 3 1/2 '' in diameter . the easiest way to handle and cook these muffins is to lay them right onto the cold surface you 'll be frying them on . that way , you do n't have to move them once they 're risen ; and they wo n't mind cooking very slowly as you fire the griddle up to its desired heat . if you do n't have enough griddle space to do this , sprinkle a baking sheet heavily with semolina or farina , and place the muffins on the sheet ; they can be fairly close together . either way , sprinkle the tops of the muffins with additional semolina or farina . cover the muffins ( a piece of parchment works well ) , and let them rest for 20 minutes . they wo n't rise like crazy , but will puff a bit . cook the muffins over low heat for 7 to 15 minutes per side , until their crust is golden brown , and their interior is cooked through . when done , the center of a muffin should register about 200°f on an instant-read thermometer . if you find the muffins have browned before they 're cooked all the way through , no worries ; simply pop them into a preheated 350°f oven for about 10 minutes or so , or until they 're thoroughly cooked . remove the muffins from the griddle ( or oven ) , and let them cool thoroughly before enjoying . remember : use a fork to split , not a knife to cut . fork-split muffins will have wonderful nooks and crannies ; knife-cut ones wo n't . yield : 16 large ( 3 '' to 3 1/2 '' ) english muffins .




country loaf

this loaf , like many european loaves , includes a bit of whole grain flour for texture and flavor . for a lighter-colored loaf , cut the pumpernickel or white whole wheat down to just a couple of tablespoons ( or eliminate them entirely ) , while increasing the all-purpose flour to 3 cups .

255 g to 283 g lukewarm water*
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g pumpernickel flour or king arthur white whole wheat flour
301 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
seeds ( sesame , flax , caraway or poppy ) or oat or rye flakes , for sprinkling
*use the lesser amount of water in the summer or in humid weather ; the greater amount in winter , or when the weather is cold and dry .

to make dough using a bread machine : place all of the ingredients in the order listed above into the pan of your bread machine , select manual or dough , and press start . jump to step 3 below . to make by hand , or with a mixer : pour the water into a mixing bowl . add the yeast and pumpernickel or white whole wheat flour , and let sit for several minutes until the mixture begins to bubble . stir in the salt and 1 cup of the all-purpose flour and mix well . gradually add the remaining all-purpose flour until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead it for 4 to 5 minutes . let the dough rest while you clean out and grease your bowl ; then knead the dough a few more minutes . the dough should be on the slack side and a little tacky , but shoul n't be sticky . when the dough is well-kneaded , place it into the prepared bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled in size , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . if you 're using a brotform : when your dough has risen , flour your brotformet heavily and sprinkle some seeds ( sesame , flax , caraway , poppy ... ) or some oat flakes or rye flakes in the bottom . pick up your dough and work it around in your hands a bit , expelling the air . make the dough into a ball and place it , `` nice '' side down , into the basket . drape the dough with lightly greased plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 45 minutes , or until it 's crowned nicely over the rim of the basket . if you 're not using a brotform , simply round the dough into a ball , and place it on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . let the dough rise for about 45 minutes , or until it 's noticeably puffy . for dough shaped in a brotform : have a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet ready . very gently , roll the dough from the basket onto the baking sheet . it should slip out gracefully , without deflating . if it deflates totally ( a small settling is ok ) , simply form it into a smooth ball , put it back in the basket , and let it rise again ( only this time not quite as high ) . bake the bread in a preheated 425°f oven for 20 to 25 minutes . for a crunchy , crisp loaf , spray water into the oven with a spray bottle three times during the first 10 minutes of baking . when the bread is done , remove it from the baking sheet , set it on the rack of the oven , turn the oven off , and crack the door open a couple of inches ; let the bread cool completely in the oven . if you want a soft loaf , remove the bread from the oven , and from the pan , set it on a rack , and let it cool completely at room temperature . yield : 1 large loaf .

tips from our bakers

this crusty loaf is non-fat , and thus will become stale quickly ; it 's best enjoyed the same day it 's made . for slightly better shelf life , substitute 2 tablespoons olive oil for 2 tablespoons of the water .


italian sesame bread

crunchy and redolent of toasted sesame , this loaf is a great accompaniment to your favorite italian feast .

dough

447 g artisan bread flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
7 g easy roll dough improver ( optional , but helpful )
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g olive oil
284 g to 340 g water

topping

25 g toasted sesame seeds , or whole flax seeds , golden preferred
1 beaten egg white

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , bread machine or food processor — until you 've made a smooth , elastic dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turn to coat , cover , and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , or until puffy . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into three equal pieces ; each will weigh about 9 to 9 1/4 ounces . roll each piece into a 20 '' -long rope , tapering the ends slightly . place the ropes on a lightly greased or parchment lined baking sheet . braid them loosely ; pinch the ends together , and tuck them under . brush the loaf with the beaten egg white , then cover the braid and let it rise for about 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's quite puffy . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . immediately before you put the loaf in the oven , brush it again with the egg white and sprinkle the sesame seeds or flax seeds on . bake the braid for 20 to 25 minutes , until it 's golden brown . ( tent it lightly with aluminum foil after 15 minutes , if it appears to be browning too quickly . ) remove the braid from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack . store , wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




whole wheat sandwich bread

this soft , moist bread is perfect for toast or sandwiches — and it 's packed with healthy fiber !

340 g lukewarm water*
28 g butter or 25 g vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
71 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
298 g king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour or whole wheat flour
128 g hi-maize fiber ; or substitute whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
*see `` tips , '' below .

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a smooth , fairly stiff ( but not dry ) dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's expanded a bit . it wo n't have doubled in size , but should feel puffy when you squeeze it . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . gently shape the dough into a smooth log ; there 's no need to punch it down , just stretch and round it to fit into the pan . place it in the pan , smooth side up , cover the pan , and allow the loaf to rise for about 30 to 45 minutes , until it crowns over the rim of the pan by an inch or so . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until the center registers 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . allow it to cool completely before slicing .

tips from our bakers

reduce the water by 2 tablespoons if you 're baking this bread in the summer , or when the weather 's humid .


savory pizza bread

turn the pizza inside out , and add the traditional seasoning to the bread dough instead . we love this for a twist with a grilled cheese sandwich ; add a dish of spicy tomato sauce for dipping .

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or white whole wheat
163 g semolina flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
14 g pizza dough flavor
7 g pizza seasoning
14 g vermont cheese powder
25 g olive oil or garlic oil
283 g lukewarm water

combine all of the ingredients , and mix until cohesive . cover the bowl , and let the dough rest for 30 minutes . knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until it 's smooth , shiny , and elastic . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and cover the bowl . allow the dough to rise for 1 to 2 hours , until it 's puffy . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a 9 '' log . place the log in the pan , cover lightly with plastic wrap or a proof cover , and set it aside to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 30 to 35 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and the center of the loaf reads 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




cuban sandwich

customers have written begging us to provide them with a recipe for cuban bread , so that they can replicate sandwiches they had in miami . as always , we 're happy to oblige !

rolls

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g sugar
2 teaspoons salt
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
57 g butter or 42 g lard
283 g lukewarm water

roast pork and marinade

567 g boneless pork : roast , ribs , chops , or pork tenderloin
43 g minced garlic
14 g minced parsley
7 g paprika ( preferably hot )
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
28 g lime juice
25 g vegetable or olive oil

sandwich filling

sliced roast pork ( from above )
114 g thinly sliced smoked ham
340 g thinly sliced swiss cheese
312 g large `` pickle barrel '' pickles
57 g melted butter or 49 g olive oil

to make the rolls : mix , then knead together all of the dough ingredients — by hand , or using a stand mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until it 's puffy , though not necessarily doubled in bulk — about 1 hour , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . gently fold the dough in upon itself and turn it upside-down after 30 minutes ; this `` turn '' helps eliminate some of the excess carbon dioxide and redistributes the yeast 's food , both imperative for optimum yeast growth . deflate the dough , and divide it into six pieces . shape each piece into a rough log . let the logs rest for 15 minutes , covered , then shape each piece into a smooth roll about 8 '' long , slightly tapered at each end . place the rolls on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . let the rolls rise , covered , for 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . brush or spray the rolls with water , and slash one long lengthwise slit down the middle of each . bake for about 30 minutes , or until golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven , and cool on a rack . the rolls may be made one day in advance and stored at room temperature , or several weeks in advance and frozen . to prepare the pork : mix all of the marinade ingredients together ( all of the ingredients except the pork ) , and rub this mixture over all surfaces of the meat . cover well , and refrigerate for 6 to 24 hours . preheat the oven to 425°f . place the pork in a roasting pan or ovenproof dish , and roast for 30 to 40 minutes , basting occasionally with the pan juices , until cooked through . remove the pork from the oven , and cool it completely before slicing thinly . to assemble the sandwiches : slice the rolls in half horizontally . brush the cut surfaces of the rolls with olive oil or melted butter . layer the sandwiches as follows : swiss cheese , sliced pickle , ham , sliced roast pork , then additional cheese . now comes the somewhat challenging part . you want to grill these sandwiches , top and bottom , while at the same time flattening them slightly . this helps meld all of the filling ingredients . if you have a panini iron , this is the perfect place to use it ; do n't tighten down the cover too much , as you do n't want the sandwiches completely flattened . if you do n't have a panini iron , heat two large skillets , or a griddle , to medium , about 325°f . lightly grease the griddle and/or skillets . brush the bottoms of the sandwiches lightly with olive oil or melted butter . grill for 5 to 7 minutes over medium heat , checking often to make sure the bottoms are n't burning . adjust the heat downward if the bottoms are becoming brown after only a couple of minutes . turn the sandwiches over and grill for several more minutes , until lightty crisp on both sides , and the cheese is melting . remove from the heat , and serve warm .

tips from our bakers

a note on the rolls for this sandwich : the recipe is very close to any other plain white roll formula , save for one interesting variation — the use of lard as an ingredient . lard , hmmm ... what real difference can that make ? well , we discovered that , made with lard , these rolls have a distinctive `` salami-like '' smell and taste , which happens to pair perfectly with the fillings in a cuban sandwich . however , fresh lard being hard to come by , butter is a fine substitute . the rolls have a fairly fine-grained texture , and semi-crusty , semi-chewy crust ; we think they 'd be suitable for any type of meat-filled sandwich .


savory christmas cheese bread

red , green and gold : the colors of christmas . and what nicer way to show the colors than in a tasty loaf of bread ? this easy-to-make baking powder bread goes from start to finish in under an hour . sun-dried tomatoes ( or pimientos or red bell peppers ) and finely chopped scallions ( or chives or green bell peppers ) sprinkled throughout give it a festive appearance , making it perfect for a holiday breakfast .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
100 g fresh-grated parmesan cheese
113 g shredded sharp cheddar , mozzarella , or the cheese of your choice
57 g softened butter
4 large eggs
113 g whole milk or half & half
3 large garlic cloves , crushed , optional
57 g finely chopped scallion tops or chives , lightly packed ; or green bell peppers
57 g finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes , lightly packed ; or diced red bell peppers , or diced pimientos
1 teaspoon pizza seasoning , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' round cake pan , or 9 '' round casserole . mix together the flour , baking powder , salt , cheeses , and softened butter , until well combined and crumbly . mix in the garlic , scallion tops , and sun-dried tomatoes . whisk together the eggs and milk ( or half & half ) . set aside 1 tablespoon of the mixture , to brush on the top of the loaf . add the remaining egg mixture to the dry ingredients , stirring just until everything is thoroughly moistened . turn the stiff batter into the prepared pan . using your wet fingers , smooth it to the edges of the pan . make it slightly concave , so the edges are slightly higher than the center . brush the top of the loaf with the reserved egg mixture . sprinkle with pizza seasoning , if desired . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's a light golden brown on top , and a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the loaf from the oven , and run a heatproof spatula or table knife around the edge of the pan , to loosen the sides . turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . serve the bread warm , toasted , or at room temperature . it 's a wonderful breakfast bread , served with eggs .




breakfast casserole

this savory bread pudding feeds a crowd , and is easily put together the night before . it 's a natural for a family gathering , or a festive brunch .

454 g loaf ( 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' ) firm-textured white bread ( or 12 slices , about 3/4 '' thick ) , slightly stale
6 large eggs
794 g milk ( evaporated , whole , low-fat or skim , your choice ) ( see `` tips '' , below . )
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon dry mustard
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
113 g onion , minced
454 g frozen or fresh asparagus or broccoli cuts ( see `` tips '' , below . )
454 g bulk breakfast sausage or bacon , cooked and drained ; or diced ham
227 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese

lightly grease a 2-quart casserole dish , or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan that 's at least 2 '' deep . cut the bread into 3/4 '' cubes . put half of it into the bottom of your pan . mix together the eggs , milk , salt , mustard , and pepper , stirring to combine . if the vegetables are frozen , use them as is . if they 're fresh , cook them briefly , until they 're just barely tender ; remember , they 'll continue to cook in the oven . top the bread in the pan with the vegetables , meat , and 1 cup of the cheese . layer on the remaining bread , and sprinkle with the remaining cheese . pour the egg and milk mixture over the bread in the pan , pressing the bread gently into the liquid . add a bit more milk if there is n't enough to come to within 1/2 '' of the top of the bread cubes . cover the pan , and refrigerate overnight , or for at least 6 hours . preheat your oven to 350°f . sprinkle additional cheese on top of the casserole , if desired . bake it uncovered for about 1 hour 15 minutes , or until it 's puffed and golden . a knife blade inserted into the center will come out clean . remove the casserole from the oven , and allow it to rest for 15 to 30 minutes before serving . store , covered , for up to 3 days in the fridge .

tips from our bakers

for a softer casserole , increase milk to 4 cups.substitute sautéed mushrooms , caramelized onions , or additional meat or cheese for the asparagus or broccoli , if desired .


japanese milk bread rolls

also referred to as hokkaido milk bread , these rolls are incredibly soft and airy thanks to a simple technique involving a roux `` starter , '' known as tangzhong . the roux is mixed into the final dough , producing wonderfully tender bread each and every time .

tangzhong ( starter )

43 g water
43 g whole milk
14 g king arthur unbleached bread flour or organic bread flour

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached bread flour or organic bread flour
14 g baker 's special dry milk or 7 g nonfat dry milk
50 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
113 g whole milk
1 large egg
57 g melted unsalted butter

to make the tangzhong : combine all of the ingredients in a small saucepan , and whisk until no lumps remain . place the saucepan over low heat , and cook the mixture , whisking constantly , until thick and the whisk leaves lines on the bottom of the pan , about 3 to 5 minutes . transfer the tangzhong to a small mixing bowl or measuring cup and let it cool to room temperature . to make the dough : combine the tangzhong with the remaining dough ingredients , then mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until a smooth , elastic dough forms . shape the dough into a ball , and let it rest in a lightly greased covered bowl for 60 to 90 minutes , until puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk . gently deflate the dough , divide it into 8 equal pieces , and shape each piece into a ball . place the rolls into a lightly greased round bun pan . cover the pan , and let the rolls rest for 40 to 50 minutes , until puffy . to use another pan , see `` tips , '' below . preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the rolls with milk or egg wash ( 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water ) , and bake for 28 to 32 minutes , until golden brown on top ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the middle roll should read at least 190°f . remove the rolls from the oven . allow them to cool in the pan for 10 minutes , then transfer them to a rack to cool completely . yield : 8 rolls .

tips from our bakers

these rolls can also be baked in a 9 '' round metal pan for about 25 minutes.to make a loaf : after the dough 's initial rise , divide it into four equal pieces . flatten each piece into a rectangle , then fold the short ends in towards one another like a letter . flatten the folded pieces into rectangles again and , starting with a short end , roll them each into a log . place the logs in a row of four — seam side down and side by side — in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the loaf and allow it to rest/rise for 40 to 50 minutes , until puffy . brush the loaf with milk or egg wash and bake at 350°f for about 30 minutes , until golden brown on top and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf reads at least 190°f . remove the loaf from the oven , and cool it on a rack .


honey wheat english muffins

these whole grain , fiber-filled , slightly sweet muffins make a great base for everything from melting butter to eggs benedict . note : you must have muffin rings ( 3 1/2 '' to 4 '' ) to make these english muffins .

340 g warm water
1 large egg , lightly beaten
64 g honey
28 g butter
14 g non-diastatic malt powder
227 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g malted wheat flakes
96 g hi-maize fiber
28 g baker 's special dry milk
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 to 2 tablespoons cornmeal or semolina to dust the griddle

stir together all of the ingredients except the cornmeal or semolina . beat until the dough is glossy , about 6 to 8 minutes . cover the bowl , and let dough rise at warm room temperature until doubled in size , about 90 minutes . preheat both the oven and a griddle or heavy skillet to 350°f ( medium high heat ) . grease metal muffin rings . place rings on the griddle , and sprinkle a little cornmeal or semolina into each ; this will give muffins their traditional crust . scoop 1/3 cup of dough into each ring and spread the dough to the edge of the ring . ( wet your fingers to stop the dough from sticking to them ) . sprinkle with more semolina . cook the muffins for 5 to 6 minutes , until the edges look set and the bottom is golden brown . flip the muffins , and cook the second side for 5 to 6 minutes . place the muffins on a baking sheet and place into a 350°f oven for 5 minutes . remove from the oven , cool for 5 minutes , and remove the rings ( if they have n't already fallen off ) . cool the muffins on a rack , and store at room temperature , well wrapped . yield : 12 english muffins .




deli rye blitz bread

this light-as-air , high-rising no-knead bread goes together in just a couple of minutes . surprisingly , there 's no rye flour in this bread ; mustard and caraway seeds give it crunch and assertive flavor , while our deli rye flavor adds the perfect touch of authentic deli taste . a layer of crunchy sauerkraut on top is the perfect final touch - your ham and cheese on rye never had it so good !

340 g warm water
35 g vegetable oil
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 tablespoon mustard seeds : brown , yellow , or a combination
1 teaspoon deli rye flavor
1 tablespoon instant yeast
135 g drained sauerkraut* , rinsed and squeezed dry
*if you 're using canned sauerkraut , a 14 1/2-ounce can , drained and squeezed dry , is the right amount .

combine all of the ingredients except the sauerkraut in a large bowl , and beat at high speed for 1 minute . scoop the batter into a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan . spread the sauerkraut evenly on top . cover the pan , and let the dough rise for 90 minutes , or until it 's noticeably puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's starting to brown around the edges , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : enough bread for 6 to 8 sandwiches , or 12 bread-basket servings .




cranberry orange cornbread stuffing

this northern-style stuffing is a fun spin on a classic southern staple . the slightly sweet cranberry and orange flavors complement the savory herbs and sausage , and they all come together to create a perfect match for thanksgiving turkey .

muffins

206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
156 g cornmeal
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
283 g milk
99 g vegetable oil
1 large egg
1/4 teaspoon orange oil
113 g dried cranberries

stuffing

25 g olive oil
340 g to 425 g diced yellow onions ; about 2 large or 3 medium onions
113 g to 142 g diced celery ; about 3 stalks
454 g ground sweet or hot italian sausage
1 tablespoon herbes de provence ; or 1 tablespoon dried herb blend
2 teaspoons peeled chopped garlic
1 tablespoon orange zest
57 g fresh or frozen cranberries
salt and pepper , to taste
454 g chicken stock , divided
3 large eggs

to make the muffins : preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease 12 muffin cups . in a medium bowl , whisk together the flour , cornmeal , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt . in another bowl or large measuring cup , whisk together the milk , vegetable oil , egg , and orange oil or zest . pour the liquid all at once into the flour mixture , stirring quickly and gently until just combined . fold in the dried cranberries . scoop the batter into the muffin cups . bake the muffins for 18 to 22 minutes , until a cake tester inserted in the center of one muffin comes out clean . remove the muffins from the oven , let them cool in the pan for 5 minutes , then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely . cut the muffins into eighths and leave to dry out overnight , uncovered . to make the stuffing : preheat the oven to 350°f . pour the oil into a large sauté pan set over medium heat . add the diced onion and celery and cook until they just begin to soften , about 5 minutes . add the sausage , breaking it up , and the herbes de provence . cook , stirring occasionally , until the sausage is cooked through , about 8 to 10 minutes . mix in the garlic , orange zest , cranberries , and salt and pepper , cooking for another 1 to 2 minutes . add 1/2 cup of stock and scrape to deglaze the pan . boil until the stock is reduced by half . transfer the cooked mixture to a large bowl and gently toss with half the corn muffin pieces . whisk together the eggs and remaining stock and pour into the bowl , tossing until the mixture is evenly moistened . gently incorporate the remaining corn muffin pieces . spoon the stuffing into a buttered 9 '' x 13 '' pan . cover the stuffing with foil and bake for 30 minutes . remove the foil and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes , until golden brown on top . remove from the oven and serve hot . yield : 6 to 12 servings .




holiday pumpkin bread

autumn is a great season to bake with pumpkin . pumpkin 's mild yet distinctive flavor ( and rich color ) makes it a favorite ingredients in cake , muffins , cookies — pie , of course ! — and pumpkin yeast bread . this mahogany-gold wreath is dense and moist , mildly spicy , and utterly tasty . the recipe makes two loaves ; enjoy one , and give the other away . or use the other to make pumpkin bread pudding .

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
241 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour , organic preferred ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon ground ginger
71 g brown sugar
46 g diced crystallized ginger , optional
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
11 g instant yeast
425 g canned pumpkin
2 large eggs
57 g melted butter or 50 g canola oil

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , electric mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a smooth , somewhat sticky dough . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours ; it should have expanded somewhat , but wo n't be wildly puffy . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface ( a silicone rolling mat works well here ) , divide it in half , and divide each half into three pieces . roll each piece into an 18 '' log . working with three logs at a time , make a braid , pinching the ends together . coil the braid into a lightly greased 8 '' or 9 '' cake pan , shaping it into a wreath-like circle and pressing the ends together where they meet . repeat with the remaining logs . cover both pans with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and let the wreaths rise for about 90 minutes , until they look puffy , though not doubled in bulk . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 minutes , until lightly browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 190 '' f. remove the wreaths from the oven , and allow them to cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if desired , you can use entirely all-purpose flour .


the very lightest ciabatta

we love this recipe . it yields an extremely light , air pocket-riddled loaf , wonderful for dunking in soup or splitting lengthwise , to make a sandwich . ciabatta literally means `` slipper '' in italian , and the name refers to the shape of the bread — a flattened oval , kind of like a comfortable old bedroom slipper you just ca n't bear to throw out . however , ciabatta has come to mean , at least in this country , any airy , dimpled loaf dusted with flour , of just about any shape . we like to remain true to the original spirit of the loaf , and shape it into a rough oval . this bread begins with an overnight sponge , which means the finished loaf has just the barest of sour tangs . as the sponge ferments , it creates certain acids that not only give the bread flavor , but affect the gluten , making the bread chewier . the use of a sponge will also increase the loaf 's shelf life . carol field , in her wonderful book the italian baker , claims that this dough is one that simply ca n't be kneaded by hand ; it 's just too sticky . keep this in mind when you 're preparing the dough . during the winter you 'll need to use the greater amount of water in the range indicated below . in the dog days of august , when your flour 's been in a humid kitchen all summer , you 'll use the lesser amount . your goal is a dough that is very sticky , but holds its shape ; when you scoop it out onto your work surface , it will settle into a flattened mound that is best approached with oiled hands and a bench knife or bowl scraper .

sponge

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g water
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

sponge ( from above )
1 teaspoon instant yeast
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon sugar
18 g nonfat dry milk
57 g to 113 g water
25 g olive oil

mix the sponge ingredients , in a small bowl or in the pan of your bread machine , until well combined ( program the machine for dough , then cancel it once the ingredients are mixed , after a couple of minutes ) . let the sponge rest overnight , covered , or for up to 15 hours . to make the dough manually or with a mixer : place all of the dough ingredients into the bowl of your mixer , and beat it at medium speed , using the flat beater , for 5 to 8 minutes . the dough will never completely clear the sides of the bowl , though it 'll begin to acquire some shape . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours ; it will get very puffy . bread machine method : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . examine the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the second kneading cycle ; it should be very tacky , but should be holding its shape somewhat . adjust the dough 's consistency with additional flour or water , as necessary . allow the machine to complete its cycle . transfer the dough to a well-oiled work surface . lightly grease a large cookie sheet , and your hands . using a bench knife or your fingers , divide the dough in half . handling the dough gently , stretch it into a log about 10 '' long , and place it on the baking sheet . flatten the log with your fingers until it 's about 10 '' long and 4 '' to 5 '' wide . repeat with the remaining piece of dough . lightly cover the dough with heavily oiled plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for 1 hour ; it 'll become quite puffy . oil your fingers , and gently poke deep holes all over the dough . re-oil the plastic wrap , re-cover the dough , and allow it to rise for an additional hour . dust the dough very lightly with flour . bake it in a preheated 425°f oven , throwing four or five ice cubes on the floor of the oven as you put the bread in . allow the ciabatta to bake for 20 to 25 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . turn off the oven , remove the ciabatta from the baking sheet , and return the loaf to the oven , propping the oven door open a couple of inches with a folded-over potholder . allow the ciabatta to cool completely in the oven ; this will give it a very crisp crust . store , well-wrapped , for 2 days on the counter , or frozen for up to 3 months .




panforte ( of a sort )

more a confection than a cake , italian panforte is a dense , sweet/nutty native of siena , where its presence around christmas time can be traced back nearly a thousand years . its spicy , chewy texture is an entirely welcome alternative to the american traditional batter-style fruitcake .

142 g whole hazelnuts , toasted and skinned ( see `` tips '' , below . )
142 g whole blanched almonds , toasted ( see `` tips '' , below . )
156 g dates , chopped
170 g golden raisins
1/8 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
57 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
149 g granulated sugar
255 g honey
28 g butter
confectioners ' sugar , for topping

preheat the oven to 300°f . lightly grease a 9 '' removable bottom pan or spring form pan , or a 9 '' round cake pan . line the bottom of the pan with parchment , and grease the parchment . chop the hazelnuts and almonds coarsely . in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine the nuts , dates , raisins , lemon oil or rind , flour , and spices . set aside . in a small saucepan , bring the sugar , honey and butter to a boil over medium heat , and simmer until the syrup registers about 245°f ( between soft and firm ball stage ) on an instant-read thermometer . this will happen quite quickly , so pay attention . pour the syrup onto the dry ingredients in the bowl and mix thoroughly . you need to work quickly , or the mixture will harden . scoop the batter into the prepared pan , smoothing the top . bake the panforte in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes , or until the edges are just beginning to brown . remove it from the oven , and let it rest for 10 minutes . run a knife around the edge of the pan , and allow the panforte to cool to room temperature in the pan . turn the panforte out of the pan onto a clean work surface , and peel off the parchment paper . sprinkle it heavily with confectioners ' sugar , and cut it into small ( about 1 '' square ) pieces . store the panforte in an airtight container for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

toast nuts in a preheated 325°f oven for 10 to 15 minutes , or until they begin to smell and they 're golden brown . place the hazelnuts in a towel and rub vigorously to remove the papery skin .


pizza party buns

welcome to our january bakealong challenge ! sticky buns , cinnamon buns ... pizza buns ? substitute pizza topping ingredients for a sweet roll 's typical cinnamon and sugar , and you 've got a super-tasty savory bun , perfect for parties , picnics , or snacking on the go .

buns

283 g lukewarm milk
35 g olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

filling

113 g of your favorite pizza sauce
227 g shredded mozzarella or monterey jack cheese , cabot preferred ; or the pizza cheese of your choice
113 g chopped or shredded pepperoni

place all of the dough ingredients into a bowl , and mix and knead the mixture — by hand , using a stand mixer , or in a bread machine — to make a smooth , soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise until doubled , 60 to 90 minutes . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . roll the dough into a 12 '' x 18 '' rectangle . spread evenly with the sauce , cheese , and pepperoni . starting with a long end , roll the dough into a log . cut the log into 12 to 18 pieces , depending on how large you want the buns to be . space the rounds on two parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheets . if you 've cut 12 rounds , flatten them gently to about 1 '' tall . cover the pan ( s ) , and allow the buns to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until they 're nicely puffed . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for about 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove the buns from the oven , and serve warm , with additional pizza sauce on the side if desired . store any leftovers in the refrigerator . reheat for about 10 minutes , covered , in a 350°f oven ; or very briefly in a microwave .

tips from our bakers

for an added burst of flavor , add 4 teaspoons pizza dough flavor to the dough along with the other dry ingredients .
feel free to replace the pepperoni with about 1 cup of your favorite cooked pizza toppings . it helps to chop chunky toppings like sliced mushrooms or peppers , rather than leave them whole .


sopa paraguaya

i absolutely adore the dialogue this humble newsletter engenders with readers . susan murphy from long island wrote me the following after receiving her autumn issue of the baking sheetâ® : '' ... the recipe for the potato borek made me think of a recipe that i just found in a 1983 cookbook with international recipes from countries all over the world . i picked up the cookbook for $ 1.00 at a library in rhode island which sells books to raise money . one recipe in particular caught my attention for sopa paraguaya-paraguayan cornbread . the recipe consisted of onions , chopped and fried in oil , milk , salt , lard or vegetable oil , cheese , cottage cheese , cornmeal , and eggs . it was heavy on the fat and the onions . so i did a search on the internet and came up with a few hits for sopa paraguaya , but none that sounded really good and at least somewhat healthy . do you have any recipes for sopa paraguaya ? '' off i went on a recipe hunt . i found a number of recipes , each of which had something about it that appealed , but none that i was willing to buy into altogether . so i did some combining and morphing and testing . i learned that paraguayan cornbread is often baked in the drippings from a roast chicken , which sounded mighty good to me ; something like a latin american yorkshire pudding . some recipes called for separating the eggs and folding them in , but that seemed a bit prissy for what was originally a sturdy country dish , often served next to a hearty beef soup or stew . as the recipe came together , i realized it was a nutritional powerhouse . one serving has practically all the whole grains you 're supposed to be getting per day , there 's lots of protein from the cheese , and with a couple of minor tweaks it can be made with very little cholesterol . this is a dense , very moist , quite yummy dish . perfect for winter with a roast , some chili , or some soup . i hope susan and everyone else will find it as satisfying as we did . susan reid , editor the baking sheet read our blog about this cornbread , with additional photos , at flourish .

14 g butter
14 g corn or vegetable oil
156 g diced onion
43 g diced red bell pepper
43 g diced green bell pepper
248 g cornmeal
227 g milk
25 g sugar
113 g cottage cheese ; low-fat or nonfat are fine
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper , to taste
2 teaspoons baking powder
227 g fresh corn kernels or 6 1/2 ounces frozen corn kernels
113 g grated monterey jack or pepperjack cheese

preheat the oven to 375°f . grease a 9 '' x 9 '' pan that 's at least 2 '' deep ; a shallow 2-quart casserole dish ; or a 10 '' cast-iron skillet ( at least 2 '' deep ) . in a medium skillet over medium heat , melt the butter and pour in the oil . add the onions and cook until translucent , stirring occasionally . if you 're going to bake in a 10 '' cast-iron skillet , go ahead and use it to sauté the vegetables . add the peppers and cook for 1 more minute . remove from the heat and cool to room temperature . if you 're using the same skillet to bake the bread , remove the vegetables . there 's no need to wash the pan ; just wipe out any stray bits of stuck-on veggie . in a large bowl , combine the cornmeal and milk . stir in the sugar , cottage cheese , eggs , salt , pepper , and baking powder . stir in the corn kernels and cooled onion mixture . stir in the cheese , and then transfer the batter to the prepared pan . if you 're using the same skillet in which you sautéed the vegetables , grease it again , using non-stick vegetable oil pan spray or shortening . bake for 40 to 45 minutes ( in a 9 '' x 9 '' pan ) , or 30 to 35 minutes ( in a 10 '' cast-iron skillet ) , until the center feels set when lightly touched with your finger , and the edges are beginning to brown . remove from the oven , cut in squares or wedges , and serve warm . yield : 12 to 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

this is not a typical high-rising , cake-like cornbread . midway between casserole and bread , it 's very moist , and quite dense . it makes a tasty ( and colorful ! ) accompaniment to soup or stew in the winter , and salad or grilled steak ( or burgers ) in the summer .


multigrain sourdough sandwich bread

sourdough lovers , this multigrain sandwich loaf is for you : it 's got assertively tangy ( sour ) flavor . the majority of the flour used is whole grain , and the dough is completely naturally leavened . the intentionally tight , somewhat dense crumb is perfect for holding piled-high sandwich ingredients ; and the thin , crunchy crust adds structure and bite . our thanks to sourdough blogger extraordinaire leo maurizio for sharing this recipe with us .

levain

30 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
30 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
60 g water , around 90°f
60 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter

dough

705 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
400 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
60 g whole rye flour or pumpernickel flour
4 g diastatic malt powder , optional ; for optimal rise
935 g water , around 90°f
24 g salt
all of the levain ( above )

to prepare your sourdough starter for use in the levain : the levain calls for fed ( ripe , mature ) sourdough starter ; so if you do n't feed your starter every day on a regular basis , take it out of the fridge and feed it at least twice , once in the morning and once at night , before using it . if it 's been refrigerated without feeding for awhile , you may need to give it several feedings over several days to bring it up to strength . your goal is a starter that doubles in size and looks quite active . to make the levain : the night before you want to make the dough , mix together the levain ingredients in a small , non-reactive bowl . cover the bowl , and let the levain rest at warm room temperature , about 75°f , for 10 to 12 hours ; overnight is a good plan . your turned-off oven , with the oven light lit for a few hours before you go to bed , is probably a good rising venue if your house is cooler than 75°f . to make the dough : about 2 hours before your levain is ready to use , start the dough . combine all of the dough ingredients ( except the salt and levain ) in a bowl , mixing by hand until there are no dry areas showing . you can also do this in a stand mixer set at the lowest speed , mixing for about 1 minute . cover the mixing bowl and let the dough rest for 2 hours at room temperature . note : if your levain reaches its peak during the dough 's 2-hour rest , go ahead and proceed , skipping any remaining rest time . add the salt and specified amount of levain to the dough , and mix and knead by hand to make a tacky , soft dough that 's starting to show signs of rounding into a ball . if you 'd like to use a stand mixer , mix for 1 minute at the lowest speed ( `` stir '' on a kitchenaid ) , and 2 minutes at the next speed up ( speed 2 on a kitchenaid ) . transfer the dough to a thick-walled bowl or tub , and cover it . it 's going to rise for 3 hours , 30 minutes ; but you 're also going to stretch and fold it three times , spaced 30 minutes apart , so do n't just cover it and leave the house . after 30 minutes , stretch one side of the dough up and over the center . do the same with the opposite side . turn the bowl 90° , and repeat with the remaining two sides . after 30 minutes , repeat the stretch-and-fold . wait 30 minutes more , and repeat again . once you 've done three stretch-and-folds , cover the bowl and let the dough rest for 2 more hours at room temperature ( if your room is about 75°f ) , or in a warm place like your turned-off oven if your house is cold . transfer the dough to a lightly greased or very lightly floured work surface . divide it in half , and pre-shape each half into a round . let the rounds rest , uncovered , for 25 minutes . lightly grease two 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pans . shape each piece of dough into a 9 '' log . place the logs into the prepared pans . spritz the top of each loaf with warm water , and top with a sprinkle of rolled oats , if desired . cover the pans loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour before refrigerating , if your schedule permits . or refrigerate immediately , without the 1-hour rest . chill the loaves in the refrigerator for 14 to 18 hours . an hour before you 're ready to bake , preheat your oven to 500°f . uncover each pan of bread ; the dough should have risen to the rim of the pan , or nearly so . spritz each loaf with warm water , and place in the oven . this bread does well with a lot of steam , so you can also place a cast iron frying pan in the bottom of the oven while it 's preheating , then add 1 1/2 cups boiling water to the pan at the same time you place the bread in the oven . reduce the oven temperature to 475°f and bake for 20 minutes . reduce the temperature to 450°f , and bake for an additional 20 minutes . reduce the temperature once more , to 425°f , and finish baking , about 10 to 20 minutes ( for a total of 50 to 60 minutes overall ) . the loaves should be a deep golden brown , and their internal temperature should register at least 200°f , and can go as high as 208°f to 210°f . remove the loaves from the oven , and turn them out of the pans onto a rack . cool for 1 to 2 hours before slicing . store bread at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

maurizio formulated this recipe by weight , using grams . for best accuracy , weigh your ingredients in grams ; you 'll see an option for gram weights at the top of the list of ingredients . if you measure by volume , understand your results may be slightly different , due to an unavoidable lack of precision in converting gram weights to volume . we 've also rounded off american weights to the nearest 1/8 ounce ; again , gram weights are the weight of record.this dough is very soft ; professionals would call it high hydration ( 82 % liquid ) . it 's sticky and difficult to work with , but this stickiness is what produces its moist texture , so try not to add additional flour while kneading unless absolutely necessary .


stollen bites

tiny , bite-sized stollen are perfect to put in a pretty bag and give as a gift .

sponge

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast

fruit

71 g dried pineapple , chopped in 1/4 '' dice
85 g golden raisins or dried cranberries
85 g candied cherries , snipped into quarters
28 g rum or brandy

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g butter , softened
43 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk powder
67 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon almond extract
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 tablespoon orange zest or 1/8 teaspoon orange oil
71 g toasted almonds , chopped

topping

113 g butter , melted
227 g confectioners ' sugar , glazing sugar , or non-melting sugar

to make the sponge : mix together and set aside for 1 hour , or for up to 4 hours . to mix the fruit : mix together and set aside to allow the fruit to absorb the liquor . to make the dough : combine the sponge and the dough ingredients ( except for the almonds ) , and mix and knead to make a soft , shiny , elastic dough . towards the end , knead in the soaked fruits ( along with any liquid ) and almonds . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 1/2 to 2 hours . turn the dough out onto a work surface and divide it into 40 pieces , rolling each piece into a ball . place the balls on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving about 1 '' between them . cover and let rise for about 45 minutes , until the balls are puffy . bake the stollen bites in a preheated 350°f oven for about 18 minutes , until they 're light brown . remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes . toss stollen in the melted butter , then the confectioners ' sugar . allow to cool completely before wrapping and storing . stollen bites keep well for a week at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage . toss with confectioners ' sugar again just before serving .

tips from our bakers

stollen shortcut ! make our stollen mix , then shape and bake into stollen bites as directed above .


russian black bread

fennel seeds give this tender slavic bread a distinctive licorice flavor , and vinegar gives it slight tang .

255 g lukewarm water
28 g apple cider vinegar
106 g pumpernickel or rye flour , plus more for dusting
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g unsalted butter
43 g dark corn syrup or molasses
14 g brown sugar
18 g black cocoa
1 teaspoon espresso powder or instant coffee powder
1/4 to 1 teaspoon fennel seeds , to taste
1 3/4 teaspoons instant yeast
298 g king arthur unbleached bread flour , divided

place all of the ingredients in a large bowl , reserving 1 cup of the bread flour . mix until a sticky dough begins to form . mix in the remaining cup of flour and knead for 7 minutes , or until the dough becomes soft and elastic , but may still be somewhat sticky to the touch . cover the bowl and let the dough rise until doubled , 45 minutes to 1 hour . after the first rise , shape the dough into an oblong loaf . place in a greased 9 '' x 5 '' or 10 '' x 5 '' bread pan , cover with greased plastic , and let rise until almost doubled , about 60 to 90 minutes . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . when the dough has almost doubled , brush or spray the top with water , dust with pumpernickel or rye flour , and score ( slash ) the top . bake the bread for about 35 minutes , until it sounds hollow when you thump the bottom , or the inside measures 205°f on a digital thermometer . remove the loaf from the oven and cool it on a rack before slicing . store bread well wrapped at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .




apple-cinnamon pull-apart rolls

these miniature `` monkey breads '' feature fresh apple and raisins nestled among miniature rounds of cinnamon-sugar bread . a simple white glaze takes them over the top — and an optional drizzle of boiled cider makes them ethereal !

dough

113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour*
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
32 g potato flour or instant potato flakes
50 g brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g butter
113 g lukewarm milk
113 g lukewarm water
*substitute 1 cup all-purpose flour for the whole wheat flour , if desired .

topping

cinnamon-sugar
128 g cored , chopped apple , peeled or unpeeled
raisins , optional
cinnamon chips , optional
boiled cider , optional

glaze

74 g confectioners ' sugar
pinch of salt
14 g milk
boiled cider , optional

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing and kneading to make a smooth , soft dough . it may seem dry at first , but as you knead it 'll soften up . place the dough in a greased bowl or greased 8-cup measure , cover it , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's noticeably puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . lightly grease paper muffin cups , and use them to line the 12 cups of a standard muffin tin . the recipe makes 16 rolls ; but if you do n't have a second pan , do n't stress — we 'll give you an alternative . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 16 pieces ; each will be about 1 1/2 ounces ( 44g ) . round each piece into a flattened ball . working with one piece at a time , use a bench knife ( or regular knife ) to cut the dough into 8 wedges . do n't worry about being precise ; pieces can vary in size . roll or shake the dough pieces in cinnamon-sugar , and place four of them into a muffin cup . sprinkle with raisins and chopped apple ( and cinnamon chips , if desired ) ; top with the remaining four pieces of dough . repeat with the remaining balls of dough , raisins , and apple . when you run out of room in the muffin tin , section the remaining four dough balls , and make them into a small pull-apart bread . or make individual rolls by placing them in doubled-up aluminum foil muffin cups , set in a cake pan or on small baking sheet . sprinkle any remaining cinnamon-sugar atop the rolls . cover them lightly , and let them rise for about 2 hours , until they 're noticeably puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the risen rolls , and bake them for 15 to 17 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . do n't let them darken too much ; they 'll be dry . remove the rolls from the oven and drizzle each with some boiled cider , if desired ; this will add flavor , and a nice stickiness . to glaze the rolls : mix the glaze ingredients together . drizzle over the cooled rolls . yield : 16 rolls .

tips from our bakers

ever had a cobblestone muffin at panera ? these rolls are our king arthur clone.if you demand precision in a recipe , this one probably is n't for you . how many raisins , exactly , do you use for each roll ? as many as you like . how many pieces of apple ? up to you . how much cinnamon-sugar ? enough to coat the dough . while baking often does demand exact amounts of ingredients , the filling for these rolls is more intuitive . if it looks good to you , it 's right.why baking soda — is n't this a yeast bread ? it 's not critical , but we feel it gives the rolls a bit of extra `` pop '' in the oven .


dark ginger quickbread

this quickbread , because it 's so moist and dense , wo n't dome up as it bakes ; it 'll remain flat across the top , and may even sink a bit in the center . but that 's the nature of the beast ; once it 's cut in slices , it 's shape wo n't be important . since it keeps well , and even improves in flavor after a couple of days , we suggest making this loaf on friday , if you 're hosting a sunday brunch . wrap it well in plastic wrap , and store it at room temperature . just before serving , slice it in thin pieces , and array the pieces on a plate with other quickbreads , or in a basket .

batter

206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon ginger
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cardamom
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda
64 g crystallized ginger , minced
113 g butter
103 g brown sugar
99 g granulated sugar
21 g molasses
2 eggs
28 g crushed or grated fresh ginger
113 g buttermilk

topping

46 g diced or sliced crystallized ginger , minced
7 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . to make the topping : in a mini food processor or blender combine the flour and ginger . set aside . to make the batter : combine 1/2 cup of the flour , the spices , salt , baking soda and crystallized ginger in a mini-processor or blender , processing until the ginger is finely chopped . set aside . in a large mixing bowl , beat together the butter , sugars and molasses until smooth , then beat in the eggs one at a time , beating well after each addition . add the grated or crushed ginger root , then beat the dry ingredients ( including the remaining flour ) into the mixture alternately with the buttermilk , beginning and ending with the dry ingredients . spoon the batter into the pan , and sprinkle the topping mix on the batter , pressing slightly to adhere . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 50 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean . cool the loaf in the pan for 10 minutes , then turn it out onto a rack to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , for a week at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




dairy rolls

these golden rolls , with their mild cheese flavor , are wonderful for sandwiches .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
82 g semolina flour
1 large egg
11 g sugar
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor ( optional , but delicious )
18 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver ( optional , but very helpful )
2 teaspoons instant yeast
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
50 g dried buttermilk powder
2 teaspoons dry mustard powder
57 g shredded cheddar cheese
227 g to 283 g water

mix and then knead together all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 hour . divide the dough into six pieces . round each piece into a ball and shape each ball into a flattened round about 4 '' in diameter . place each round in a lightly greased cup of a hamburger bun pan , or onto a parchment-lined sheet pan . cover the rolls , and allow them to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until they 're puffy . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , covering them lightly with aluminum foil if they look like they 're browning too quickly . store the rolls in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days or freeze them for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to make smaller , dinner-size rolls , divide the dough into 16 pieces , and round each piece into a ball . place the rolls in a lightly greased pan , such as 14 '' x 2 '' round multi-purpose bread pan or 12 '' x 12 '' sticky bun pan , let them rise for an hour , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 15 to 18 minutes , or until they 're golden brown .


easy jelly doughnut holes

which is your favorite doughnut : cake , or yeast-raised ? if your answer is cake , you 're in luck — these jelly doughnuts , made from a simple baking powder dough , are fast , easy ... and absolutely delicious .

doughnuts

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons ( 4 1/2 teaspoons ) baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
227 g lukewarm milk
57 g melted butter
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract , optional

filling

your favorite jelly or jam

get out a skillet that 's at least 2 1/2 '' deep ; a 10 '' electric frying pan is a great choice , if you have one . fill it with about 1 '' of vegetable oil , peanut oil preferred for best flavor . start heating the oil to 350°f while you make the doughnut batter . to make the doughnuts : whisk together the flour , sugar , baking powder , and salt . whisk together the lukewarm milk , melted butter , egg , and vanilla . stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients to make a thick batter ( or soft dough ) . when the oil has come up to temperature , use a tablespoon cookie scoop ( or spoon ) to drop balls of batter into the hot oil . this recipe will make 2 '' doughnut holes using a tablespoon cookie scoop and dropping in balls of dough about as big as an undersized ping pong ball . fry the doughnut holes for 2 minutes on the first side , or until they 're a deep golden brown . some of them may turn themselves over ; that 's ok , just use a pair of tongs to turn them back . after 2 minutes , turn the holes over , and fry for an additional 2 minutes , until golden brown . transfer the doughnut holes to a baking sheet lined with paper towels to drain and cool . when the doughnuts are cool , use a piping bag with a long , plain tip to fill them with as much jelly as you like . if you do n't have a piping bag , try using an inexpensive plastic condiment squeeze bottle ( think mustard or ketchup ) , with its tip cut off midway down to make it wider . shake the filled doughnuts gently in a bag of granulated sugar . enjoy warm , or store at room temperature , loosely covered , for a day or so . yield : 24 jelly doughnut holes .




cranberry orange braided bread

this holiday sweet bread is great for gifting , or for sharing at a festive breakfast or brunch . its subtle orange flavor ; soft , tender crumb , and surprise sweet fruit and nut filling are sure to please gift recipients and guests alike .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g cool water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons saf gold instant yeast*
67 g granulated sugar
57 g soft unsalted butter
2 large eggs
1 large egg yolk , white reserved
1/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia flavor*
grated peel of 1 large orange
*see `` tips , '' below .

filling

85 g dried cranberries
85 g walnuts
50 g sticky bun sugar*
*see `` tips , '' below .

topping

pearl sugar or sparkling sugar , for decorating

to make the starter : combine the starter ingredients , cover , and leave at room temperature overnight . to make the dough : mix the starter with the dough ingredients , kneading until elastic and satiny . let the dough rise in a greased , covered bowl for 1 to 2 hours , until puffy . divide the dough into three pieces . flatten each piece into a 6 '' x 12 '' rectangle . mix the filling ingredients together , and spread each rectangle with some of the filling . starting with a long edge , roll each rectangle into a log . braid the logs together . cover the braid , and allow it to rise for 1 to 2 hours , until puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . combine the egg white with 1 tablespoon water , and brush onto the braid . sprinkle with pearl or sparkling sugar . bake the braid for 30 to 35 minutes , until golden brown ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center should register 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . yield : one 12 '' to 14 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have fiori di sicilia , replace it with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract + 1/4 teaspoon orange oil ( or 1 tablespoon grated orange rind ) .if you do n't have sticky bun sugar , replace it with brown sugar ; the filling may seep out of the loaf a bit as it bakes.saf gold instant yeast is specially formulated for sweet dough ; but use saf red if that 's what you have , understanding that your dough will take longer to rise , both the first and second times .


irish soda bread , american style

sweeter and more tender than traditional irish soda bread , this `` americanized '' version is sure to please any aficionado of the genre .

539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
21 g baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
227 g butter
2 large eggs
198 g sugar
454 g milk
7 g caraway seeds
227 g raisins

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease a deep cake pan , tube pan , angel-food or springform pan ; the pan should be at least 2 3/4 '' deep . in a large bowl , sift together the dry ingredients ; set aside . in another bowl , beat together the butter and sugar until smooth ; then add the eggs , beating until smooth and creamy . fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients alternately with the milk . stir in the caraway seeds and raisins . spoon the batter into the pan . bake the bread for about 1 hour , 40 minutes ( less in a tube or angel-food pan ) , or until a cake tester inserted about 1 '' deep into the center-top of the loaf comes out clean . if you 're using a digital thermometer , the temperature should be between 195°f-200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a rack before slicing . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days on the counter , or freeze for up to 3 months .




big batch quick dinner rolls

soft , tender and warm dinner rolls are perennial favorites at the holiday table , or in our house , year round . we make this big batch of rolls for cookouts , bake sales , community dinners and sunday dinners ( with plenty of leftovers for the week ) .the recipe will yield 4 pans of 6 rolls each , so you can bake what you need and freeze the rest if desired .

113 g lukewarm water
454 g warm milk ( 100-110°f )
43 g butter
21 g sugar
1 tablespoon salt
28 g yeast , instant preferred
723 g to 843 g king arthur unbleached all purpose flour

combine the water , milk , butter , sugar , salt and yeast in a large bowl , or the bowl of your stand mixer . stir well and let sit for 6 to 8 minutes , or until you see the yeast begin to foam . add 5 cups of flour and mix by hand or with the paddle attachment until the dough forms a rough , shaggy mass . the dough will not form a ball at this point , but will be just shy of coming together . add flour , 1/2 cup at a time and blend with the dough hook until a smooth ball begins to form . knead by hand for about 10 minutes , or by machine for 4 to 5 minutes until a soft , smooth ball of dough is formed . the dough should feel elastic and slightly tacky to the touch . lightly spray your work bowl with cooking spray and place the dough in the bowl . spritz the top of the dough with spray as well and cover lightly with plastic wrap or a shower cap . let rise for 20 minutes at room temperature or until the dough is full and puffy . gently deflate the dough and pat out to a rough rectangle about 8 inches by 12 inches . cut the dough into 4 long strips , then cut each strip into 6 portions for a total of 24 dough balls . shape into round balls as you would shape meatballs , using your cupped hands to roll the dough . spritz your hands with cooking spray to prevent sticking . you can place the rolls into any of the following pans , well greased or lined with parchment paper : one half-sheet baking pan or 2 quarter-sheet pans . two 13 '' x 9 '' x 2 '' pans . four 8 '' or 9 '' round baking pans or a combination of any of these pans . after the rolls are in the pans , cover again with your plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature for another 20 to 25 minutes , or until well rounded and full looking . if you are baking now , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown and an internal thermometer reads 190°f . you can brush the baked rolls with melted butter if desired . serve warm , store leftovers in a plastic bag for up to 3 days . if you want to freeze the unbaked buns , place in the pans as described in step 6 and allow to rise for 10 minutes . wrap airtight and freeze for up to 4 weeks . to bake , thaw overnight in the fridge , then unwrap and bake as directed .

tips from our bakers

yes , you read that yeast amount correctly . this is a quick rise recipe , hence the higher amount of yeast .


wild rice , pecan and dried cranberry bread

dense and hearty , very pretty ( the dough and the loaves ) , and jam-packed with chewy , earthy wild rice , crunchy toasted pecan pieces and tart-sweet bursts of dried cranberry , it 's a good keeper and pairs well with velvety mushroom or creamy chicken and rice soup ; it makes interesting cheese sandwiches and out-of-the-ordinary breakfast toast , too . we hope you 'll find a place for it in your bread repertoire .

113 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
283 g lukewarm water
35 g honey
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached bread flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
340 g lightly packed cooked wild rice
170 g pecans , lightly toasted and coarsely chopped ( see `` tips '' , below . )
142 g dried cranberries

mix together the sourdough starter , water , honey , whole wheat flour , and yeast in a glass or ceramic bowl , beat until very smooth , cover , and let sit for 1 to 2 hours , or until very bubbly . transfer this bubbly mixture to the bowl of an electric mixer , beat in the salt , then gradually add the bread flour , beating to combine . switch to the dough hook , and knead for about 8 minutes on medium speed . at the end of this time , the dough should be cohesive and on the slack side , but not extremely sticky . knead in the wild rice , pecans , and cranberries . if you have trouble getting all these `` extras '' into the dough , knead the stubborn ones in by hand . note : you can knead this dough completely by hand if you do n't have a mixer ; it 'll be sticky , but not so sticky you ca n't handle it . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and set aside to rise until doubled in size , about 1 1/2 hours . gently deflate the dough , divide it in half , and shape each piece into a round . place the rounds into two well-floured 9 1/2 '' round lined bannetons , or well-floured 9 '' bowls , cover , and let rise again , this time until not quite doubled in size , 45 minutes to 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . transfer the rounds to a cornmeal-sprinkled or parchment-lined baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes . turn the oven down to 375°f and bake for a further 20 to 25 minutes , or until a digital thermometer inserted in the center of one of the loaves registers 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it completely on a rack . wrap well , and store at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

you can make the dough for this bread in your bread machine but you must cut all of the ingredient amounts in half . use the dough or manual mode to make first the starter , then the dough , adding the wild rice , pecans , and cranberries towards the end of the second kneading cycle . allow the dough to rise in the machine until it 's doubled in size , however long this takes , then proceed with the recipe , making just one loaf instead of two.toast pecans on an ungreased baking sheet at 350°f for 5 to 8 minutes , or just until they start to darken.in response to customer feedback , the amount of bread flour in this recipe has been reduced by 1/2 cup , as of 4/22/14 .


whole wheat baguettes

this recipe , courtesy of our whole grain baking book , makes dark , hearty , wheaty-tasting loaves . while not as light and crisp-crusted as the classic white-flour baguette , they 'll still have lovely texture , full of the baguette 's signature irregular-size holes . note that this recipe includes two overnight rises , so plan your schedule accordingly .

starter

113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
113 g cool water
pinch ( about 1/16 teaspoon ) instant yeast

dough

all of the starter ( above )
198 g lukewarm water
57 g room temperature orange juice*
142 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
269 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
*orange juice tempers the flavor of whole wheat , without adding any orange flavor of its own ; but substitute water , if desired .

to prepare the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small ( 2- to 3-cup ) bowl , cover the bowl , and let rest overnight at room temperature . next day , combine all of the dough ingredients , including the starter , in a large mixing bowl or the bucket of your bread machine . mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a dough that 's cohesive , but whose surface is still a bit rough . if you 're using a bread machine , cancel the machine after about 7 minutes of kneading . cover the dough , and let it rise for 3 to 4 hours , gently deflating it and turning it over once each hour ; this helps oxygenate the dough ( for the sake of the yeast ) , and redistributes the yeast . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface , and divide it into three pieces . shape each piece into a rough , slightly flattened oval , cover with greased plastic wrap or the cover of your choice , and let them rest for 15 minutes . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a large ( 13 '' x 18 '' ) baking sheet . working with one piece of dough at a time , fold the dough in half lengthwise , and seal the edges with the heel of your hand . flatten it slightly , and fold and seal again . with the seam side down , cup your fingers and gently roll the dough into a 16 '' to 17 '' log . place it on the prepared baking sheet . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough , spacing them evenly lengthwise on the pan . cover the loaves with heavily greased plastic wrap , tenting it over them gently . allow them to rise for 30 minutes . after 30 minutes gently remove the plastic wrap , grease it again , and re-cover the loaves . again , drape the plastic gently ; you do n't want to anchor it to the sides of the pan . refrigerate the loaves overnight . next day , let the loaves rest at room temperature , covered , for about 1 1/2 hours . towards the end of their rising time , preheat your oven to 425°f . uncover the loaves . spritz them with warm water , and make 3 or 4 diagonal slashes in each , if desired ; this will help the baguettes rise more evenly , but if you 're afraid of slashing , that 's ok. also , if you do slash , the loaves may start to deflate alarmingly ; they 'll be fine if you get them into the oven asap , so do n't dawdle . place the pan on a middle oven rack , and bake the baguettes for 18 minutes . tent lightly with foil , and bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes , until they 're a deep , golden brown , and their sides and bottom are hard/crisp , not soft/spongy . remove the baguettes from the oven . turn the oven off , crack it open a couple of inches , and place the baguettes on the oven rack ( without the pan ) to cool ; this will increase their crisp crustiness . serve baguettes the same day they 're made , if possible . if not , store loosely wrapped ( not sealed ) in plastic ; just before serving , heat in a preheated 350°f oven , tented with foil , until warmed through , about 10 minutes . yield : 3 baguettes .

tips from our bakers

if your house is very cold at night , try to find a somewhat cozy place for the overnight starter . you do n't want it really warm , but about 65°f-70°f will keep it happy . near ( not on ) the wood stove or another heat source , or atop the water heater , would be good choices.can you bake these loaves on a pizza stone ? sure . the easiest way is to line your baking sheet with parchment , let the loaves go through their refrigeration on the baking sheet , then lift them , parchment and all , onto the hot baking stone when they 're ready to bake .


russian rye bread : rizhsky khleb

the following recipe marks king arthur 's very first venture onto the internet — we obtained it from a russian student at moscow state university , via the web , back in late 1995 . since then , we 've learned its inspiration came from a wonderful book on russian cooking , `` please to the table : the russian cookbook '' , by anya von bremzen .

283 g lukewarm water ( 105°f to 115°f )
43 g barley malt syrup or dark honey
2 teaspoons instant yeast
128 g medium rye flour or pumpernickel
2 teaspoons salt
11 g caraway seeds
43 g unsalted butter , melted
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the dough manually , or with a mixer : pour the warm water into a mixing bowl and add a teaspoon of the malt extract or honey . stir in the yeast and rye flour . let this sponge work for at least 20 minutes , until it 's expanded and bubbly . add the remaining barley malt extract or dark honey , the salt , caraway seeds , butter , and enough of the unbleached flour to create a dough that begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl . at this point , cover the dough with a towel or plastic wrap , and let it stand for about 5 minutes . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly oiled work surface , and knead until it 's smooth and elastic , about 10 minutes . halfway through , give the dough a rest while you clean out and butter your mixing bowl . shape the dough into a ball , place it in the buttered bowl , turning to coat , and cover the bowl with a towel or plastic wrap . allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's not quite doubled in bulk . to make the dough using a bread machine : place all of the dough ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer , program the machine for manual or dough , and start the machine . about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , examine the dough ; it should be smooth ( though still sticky ) , not `` gnarly . '' adjust the dough 's consistency with additional unbleached flour or water , as necessary . allow the machine to complete its cycle , leaving it in the machine until it 's just about doubled in bulk . to complete the bread : punch the dough down , and divide it in half . shape each half into an oval , place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover , and let rise for about 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for about 45 minutes , or until the crust is dark brown , and the interior temperature of the loaves measures 190°f to 200°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

while working the dough , add only enough flour ( or oil on your hands and the work surface ) to keep the dough from sticking unbearably.rye doughs will always be a bit sticky , so resist the urge to keep adding flour to eliminate this inherent stickiness ; adding too much flour will make a heavy , dense , dry loaf .


red hot cinnamon bread

a.k.a . freckle bread , this delightfully spicy bread uses cinnamon red hot candies in place of the traditional cinnamon swirl . the pink and red pools of melted cinnamon candy remind us of freckles after a day in the sun . this bread makes excellent toast , amazing french toast and can also be made into cheerful and unique cinnamon buns .

dough

57 g lukewarm water
113 g lukewarm milk
57 g softened butter
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoon salt
1.2126 g sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 large egg , lightly beaten
12.2126 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 cup cinnamon red hot candies

combine all dough ingredients except cinnamon candies and mix and knead together -by hand , mixer or bread machine- until you have a soft , piable dough . 2 ) allow the dough to rise , covered , for 45 minutes to one hour or until full and round . to test , poke dough with index finger approximately 1/2 inch deep . if the impression remains , the dough has sufficiently risen . gently deflate the dough , and pat into a 8 '' x 10 '' rectangle . knead in the cinnamon candies in 3 stages , using about 1/3 of the candies each time . shape the dough into a loaf and place in a greased or parchment lined 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . tent the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap . allow to rise for 40-50 minutes . dough should just crest the top of the pan . if making buns , divide the dough evenly into 9 pieces and shape into smooth , round balls . place buns in greased 9x9 '' square pan . tent the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap . allow to rise for 30-40 minutes . buns will be full , puffy and barely touching one another . bake bread ( or buns ) in preheated 350 degree oven for 30-40 minutes ( 20-25 minutes for buns ) . if bread browns too quickly on top , tent loosely with aluminium foil . place pan over parchment or foil lined cookie sheet to catch any drips of hot candy . bread is done when internal temperature reads 190 degrees on an instant thermometer . remove bread from pan and allow to cool on wire rack . place rack over a piece of parchment to catch any drips of hot candy . candy will set as bread cools .




danish cream rolls

these pretty little scandinavian pastry squares are adapted from a recipe by beatrice ojakangas , a wonderful baker and author of the great scandinavian baking book . with their bright red dollop of jam and sprinkle of swedish pearl sugar , they 'll dress up any holiday table .

sponge

57 g warm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
14 g sugar
3 large egg yolks ( reserve the whites for topping )
227 g lukewarm heavy cream
57 g lukewarm milk

dough

418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
113 g unsalted butter

filling

2 large eggs
35 g sugar
32 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

topping

2 large egg whites ( from above )
28 g milk
swedish pearl sugar or sparkling sugar
128 g raspberry or strawberry jam

to make the sponge : in a small bowl or large measuring cup , combine the water , yeast , sugar , egg yolks , cream , and milk ; set aside . to make the dough : in a large mixing bowl , a stand mixer fitted with a paddle , or the bowl of a food processor , combine the flour , sugar , and salt . slice the butter into 1/4 '' pieces and add to the dry ingredients . work in the butter , mixing with the paddle or pulsing in the food processor until the the butter is in pea-sized chunks . pour the sponge into the bowl with the flour/butter and blend just until evenly moistened . the dough will be soft but not sticky . remove from the bowl , pat the dough into a rectangle , wrap in plastic , and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours . to make the filling : whisk the eggs , sugar , and flour together in a small saucepan . gradually add the milk . whisking to prevent lumps . bring the mixture to a simmer over medium heat , stirring constantly , until it thickens and bubbles all the way to the center . remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla . cover with plastic , pressing it onto the surface to keep a skin from forming , and chill thoroughly . to fold the dough : remove the chilled rectangle of dough from the refrigerator and let it rest on the counter for 10 minutes . unwrap , place on a floured surface , and roll the dough into an 18 '' x 10 '' rectangle . fold the dough in thirds , like a business letter , and repeat the process one more time . wrap and rest the dough in the refrigerator for 1 hour before cutting and shaping . to assemble : divide the dough in half . roll each half into a 15 '' square . cut nine 5 '' squares from each . place 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center of each square , and tuck the corners of each square into the custard in the center , pressing down firmly . transfer the filled squares to a parchment-lined baking sheet . cover and let rise for 35 minutes while you preheat the oven to 350°f . to make the topping : beat the egg whites with the milk . brush on the assembled pastries . sprinkle the egg-washed pastries with pearl or sparkling sugar . bake the pastries for 22 to 25 minutes , until golden brown . remove them from the oven and cool on a rack ; when cool , place a spoonful of jam on the center of each pastry .




dipping sticks

these chewy , flavorful breadsticks are perfect for dipping in an herb-scented oil .

dough

227 g warm water
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or 25 g brown sugar
25 g olive oil
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
308 g perfect pizza blend

topping

1 egg white , lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water
46 g sesame seeds or artisan bread topping , optional

knead the dough ingredients together — by hand , machine or bread machine — to form a slightly soft dough . place in a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl , and set it aside to rise for 1 hour , until puffy . roll the dough on a lightly greased surface into a 10 '' x 16 '' rectangle . cut the dough into 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' wide strips . thinner breadsticks will be crisper . glaze the breadsticks with the egg wash , and sprinkle with the seeds or , for a heavier coating , roll the strips in the seeds . place the breadsticks on greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . let them rise for 30 minutes , covered . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake them for 28 to 35 minutes , until golden brown . for extra crisp breadsticks , turn the oven off , prop the door open slightly and let them cool in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes . serve the breadsticks with a flavored dipping oil ( recipe in tips ) , with your own dip recipe , or by themselves . store the breadsticks , wrapped , at room temperature for up to 3 days .

tips from our bakers

flavored dipping oil is quick to make , and will keep for several weeks in the fridge.• 1 tablespoon boyajian garlic oil• 1 tablespoon olive oil• 1 teaspoon pizza seasoningwhisk together until smooth .


khachapuri ( georgian feast bread )

the european georgia is nestled between russia and turkey ( north of armenia , west of azerbaijan ) , with borders on both the black and caspian seas . though one never thinks of the former soviet republic as by any means tropical , citrus fruits and tea are actually grown in georgia . the country 's traditional mainstay crops , however , are wheat and grapes , both of which have been raised there for over 6,000 years . thus it 's no surprise that georgia is known for its bread , and in particular this cheese-filled loaf . darra goldstein 's award-winning book the georgian feast was our inspiration for the following . georgians make this bread into a large loaf for special occasions , but street vendors also sell it in smaller , tart-sized diamonds , or `` beggars ' purses . ''

dough

227 g milk , scalded ( see `` tips '' , below . )
43 g unsalted butter
1 tablespoon non-diastatic malt powder or 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander seed
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

227 g monterey jack , sharp cheddar or muenster cheese
227 g ricotta , cottage cheese , or goat cheese
2 large eggs
14 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt , if needed ( depending on salt content of cheese )
1/2 to 1 teaspoon ground pepper ( freshly ground is best )
1 teaspoon paprika

to make the dough : heat the butter and milk in a small saucepan , or in the microwave , until the butter has melted . put the malt powder , coriander and salt in a medium-sized bowl , and pour the hot milk over them , stirring to combine and to dissolve the malt or sugar . set aside to cool to lukewarm . add the instant yeast and flour to the milk mixture and stir to form a shaggy mass . set this rough dough aside for 30 minutes . knead the dough until it 's smooth — in a bread machine set on the dough cycle , about 2 minutes in a food processor , 6 to 8 minutes by electric stand mixer , or 8 to 10 minutes by hand . put the dough in a greased bowl , turn it over to coat the entire surface , and cover the bowl . let the dough rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it increases in size by at least one-third . to make the filling : if you have a food processor , use it — it 's ideal for this filling . ( otherwise , go to step 8 . ) cube the hard cheese , add the soft cheese , and process until well-mixed but some chunks remain . add the eggs , flour and seasonings , and pulse just to mix thoroughly . if you do n't have a food processor , grate the hard cheese , and beat in the soft cheese and eggs . continue beating , adding the flour and seasonings . refrigerate the filling until ready to use . to make the bread : lightly grease 2 small pie tins , two 8 '' or 9 '' round cake pans , or lightly greased ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet . after the dough has risen , turn it out onto a lightly floured surface . divide the dough in half ( you 'll be making two loaves ) , and cut a small ( 1-ounce , 28g ) piece of dough from each half . round all four pieces of dough into balls , and let them rest , covered , for 15 minutes . roll each large ball into a 10 '' to 12 '' circle . place one circle into the prepared tin , pan , or sheet . dollop half of the cheese mixture into the middle of the circle , and pull the dough up around the cheese , folding and pinching it , and `` pleating '' it into a topknot . leave a small hole in the very center of the knot , and place the small ball in this hole . repeat with the remaining dough and filling . cover the loaves and let them rise for 45 minutes or longer — they 'll look puffy , but not doubled in size . if the pleats have opened , pinch them shut . while the loaves rise , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the loaves for 15 minutes , then lower the temperature to 350°f and bake for another 20 to 25 minutes . when finished , the loaves will be golden brown , and the middle should feel set . tent the loaves with aluminum foil after 15 minutes if they seem to be browning too quickly . remove the loaves from the oven , and allow them to cool for at least 15 minutes before slicing . slice the bread into wedges , and serve it warm , or at room temperature . store , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

to scald milk , heat it until small bubbles form around the edge , and the occasional wisp of steam is evident .


ginger pumpkin braid

maybe it 's our lifelong familiarity with one of the holidays ' cliché staples — pumpkin pie — but we can hardly imagine baking anything with pumpkin and not including ginger as one of the spices . ginger and pumpkin are two flavors that just seem to go together , like apples and cinnamon . and they team beautifully in this bright-gold , moist , dense holiday bread . serve it as the centerpiece of a bread basket at dinner , or with a creamy lunchtime soup .

539 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon*
1 teaspoon ground ginger*
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves ( optional ) *
67 g sugar
64 g diced crystallized ginger
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
471 g pumpkin puree
2 large eggs
57 g butter , melted
85 g raisins ( optional )
*or use 2 1/4 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice

to mix by hand or by mixer : in a large mixing bowl , combine the flour , spices , sugar , ginger , salt and yeast . in a separate bowl , stir together the pumpkin , eggs and melted butter . add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients , stirring until the dough begins to come away from the sides of the bowl . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface ; knead it for 3 minutes , allow it to rest for 15 minutes , then continue kneading until smooth , an additional 8 to 10 minutes . knead in the raisins right at the end . to knead in a mixer : knead the dough with an electric mixer for 2 minutes ; allow it to rest for 15 minutes , then continue kneading it for an additional 5 to 7 minutes , or until it 's smooth . add the raisins , and continue kneading just until they 're incorporated . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and set it aside to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . to make in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients except the raisins into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for manual or dough , and press start . this dough may initially be a bit heavy for some machines ; if necessary , use a spatula to help it get going . about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , adjust the consistency of the dough with additional flour or water ; it should be soft and smooth . about 4 to 5 minutes before the end of the kneading cycle , add the raisins . allow the machine to complete its cycle . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , divide it in half then divide each half into three pieces . roll each piece into a 10 '' log . working with three logs at a time , place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . braid them together , pinching the ends together and tuck the ends under . repeat with the remaining logs . set the braids aside , covered with lightly greased plastic wrap or an acrylic dough-rising cover , to rise for 1 hour ; they should look puffy . bake the bread in a preheated 375°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes , until lightly browned and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers at least 190°f . remove the braids from oven , and allow them to cool on a wire rack . store , wrapped , on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if there 's any bread left over , try a pumpkin bread pudding recipe.this recipe can also be made into 1 six strand braid . follow our instructional video to learn how !


sourdough pumpernickel bread

this bread , made without the help of commercial yeast , is a great accompaniment to borscht or any other hearty soup . it 's made with whole grain rye flour , a.k.a . pumpernickel . rye flour has less gluten-forming protein than wheat , and so creates a denser bread . for an even heartier loaf , substitute a cup of whole wheat flour for a cup of the all-purpose . after you 've put the dough together and shaped it , it 'll need to rise for 2 or 3 hours . if you make one loaf , it 'll need to bake for about 45 minutes . two loaves will each take about 35 minutes . take this timing into consideration before you start .

sponge

294 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
227 g room temperature water , black coffee , or potato water ( water in which potatoes have been boiled ) *
213 g pumpernickel flour
64 g chopped onion
*see `` tips , '' below .

dough

25 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons salt
85 g molasses
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the sponge : measure the starter into a bowl . add the coffee or potato water , pumpernickel , and onion . stir together , cover , and let bubble away at room temperature overnight . to make the dough : the next day , stir the oil , salt and molasses into the sponge . stir in the flour 1 cup at a time , until the dough comes together . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead , adding only enough additional flour to keep it from sticking to your hands . there are a number of ways to shape this dough . make one large round loaf , which you 'll place on a pumpernickel-sprinkled baking sheet . or make two smaller versions of the same thing . or place the entire amount of dough into a large ( 10 '' x 5 '' ) loaf pan . or divide it in half , and use two smaller ( 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' ) loaf pans . cover the loaves with a piece of lightly greased plastic wrap . let them rise in a draft-free spot . you can predict the amount of rise somewhat by the temperature of the space where they 're rising : at 55°f to 60°f , they 'll probably take 3 to 5 hours to rise ; at 65°f to 70°f , 2 to 4 hours . a short time before the loaves have doubled in size , place them in a preheated 350°f oven ; they 'll continue to rise during the first 15 minutes of baking . bake two smaller loaves for about 35 minutes ; one large loaf will bake for about 45 minutes . the loaves are done when the centers measure 200°f when measured with an instant-read thermometer . remove from the oven and put on a rack to cool before slicing . yield : 1 or 2 loaves , 24 servings .

tips from our bakers

when you knead dough that contains rye flour , it will never completely lose its tacky feel . instead of adding extra flour , which would make the loaves dry heavy , oil your hands and work surface to prevent sticking.using potato water yields a slightly stickier dough , and bread with enhanced keeping qualities . using coffee tightens the dough a bit , making it easier to handle ; and results in a slightly taller loaf than bread made with potato water .


quick lemon bread

this bread is a treat for anyone who loves the fresh , bright taste of citrus . made doubly moist by the lemon-sugar glaze applied after it comes out of the oven , it 's reminiscent of poke cake ( remember that ? ) . it 's sweet enough to serve for dessert , yet tart enough to go well in a brunch breadbasket with other muffins and breads .

bread

57 g fresh lemon juice
170 g buttermilk or yogurt
1/2 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
85 g butter , softened
198 g sugar
2 large eggs

glaze

57 g fresh lemon juice
99 g sugar

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . to make the bread : mix the buttermilk or yogurt with the lemon juice and lemon oil , and set aside . mix the flour , baking powder , and salt , and set aside . beat together the butter and sugar until combined . add the eggs one at a time , beating well after each addition . add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture alternately with the buttermilk mixture . pour into the pan , and bake for about 50 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean . to make the glaze : while the bread is baking , whisk together the glaze ingredients to dissolve the sugar . remove the bread from the oven , and poke it all over with a cake tester , skewer , ice pick , or other long , thin tool . while the loaf is hot , drizzle it gradually with the glaze , stopping periodically to allow it to soak in . set it aside , and let it cool in the pan for 10 to 15 minutes . remove the bread from the pan , and allow it to cool completely before slicing . the bread will keep for 5 days on the counter , covered . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

baker 's special sugar will dissolve most easily in the lemon juice for the glaze .


high-fiber pretzel rolls

with their light though chewy texture , and signature metro street vendor , soft pretzel flavor , you 'd never know these rolls are full of fiber . hi-maize fiber , the `` invisible '' way to increase the fiber in your baked treats , adds 4g fiber to each of these delicious rolls .

dough

340 g lukewarm water
28 g butter
1 teaspoon salt
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
64 g hi-maize fiber
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

coarse sea salt , kosher salt , or pretzel salt

water bath

1361 g to 1814 g water
1 tablespoon salt
64 g baking soda

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , stand mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth , fairly soft dough . it 'll probably stick to the bottom of the bowl just slightly , if you 're kneading in a stand mixer . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl ( or 8-cup measure ) , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's very puffy . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into 8 pieces . pat each piece into a rough log , cover , and let rest for 10 minutes , to relax the dough 's gluten and make it easier to shape the rolls . roll each piece of dough into a 16 '' rope . shape ropes into tight pretzels , tucking the two ends through the center and squeezing them together underneath . press the rolls down gently , to flatten . lightly grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment . place the rolls on the baking sheet , cover them , and let them rest for 15 minutes . while the rolls are resting , preheat the oven to 400°f . prepare the water bath by combining the water , salt , and baking soda in a 10 '' to 12 '' shallow saucepan or deep skillet ; the water should fill the skillet at least 1 1/4 '' deep ; adjust the amount accordingly ( no need to adjust the other ingredients ) . bring the mixture to a boil . drop the rolls , 3 or 4 at a time , into the water bath . cook for 30 seconds ; turn over , and cook for an additional 30 seconds . place the rolls back on the baking sheet . sprinkle with coarse sea salt . bake the rolls for 20 to 24 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . store at room temperature , tightly wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : 8 rolls .

tips from our bakers

want to make these rolls without the hi-maize ? substitute all-purpose flour , increasing the water in the dough to 1 3/4 cups.want to make slightly smaller rolls ? divide the dough into 10 pieces instead of eight ; shape and bake as directed for eight rolls .


old-fashioned date-nut bread

maybe you remember buying date-nut bread at the supermarket ; thomas ' was a favorite . or maybe your mom used to make you date-nut sandwiches : date-nut bread sandwiched around cream cheese . whatever your memories of this venerable quick bread , here 's your chance to relive those happy days .

227 g chopped dates
57 g softened butter
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
142 g to 159 g brown sugar
227 g hot brewed coffee
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
14 g vodka or brandy , optional ; to enhance flavor
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g coarsely chopped walnuts

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . place the dates , butter , baking soda , salt , and brown sugar in a mixing bowl . pour the hot coffee into the bowl , stirring to combine . allow the mixture to cool for 15 minutes . add the egg , vanilla , liquor , baking powder , and flour , beating gently until smooth . stir in the walnuts . pour the batter into the pan , gently tapping the pan on the counter to settle the batter . bake the bread for 45 to 55 minutes , tenting the loaf gently with foil after 30 minutes , to prevent over-browning . remove the bread from the oven ; a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center should come out clean , and an instant-read thermometer should read about 200°f . after 10 minutes , gently turn the bread out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . wrap airtight , and store at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

feel free to use a flavored coffee here ; caramel or vanilla are both good choices.what 's up with the vodka or brandy ? alcohol is a flavor enhancer , serving to disperse flavor molecules throughout the bread ; leave it out if you like.why the range in sugar ? some people like sweeter breads ; some , less so . your choice.can you substitute boiling water for hot coffee ? well , if you 're thinking substitute because you do n't like the flavor of coffee , do n't worry ; the bread does n't taste at all like coffee . if you ca n't take coffee 's acidity or caffeine , though , then substituting water is fine . the bread may be slightly denser , due to the removal of coffee 's acidity , which reacts with baking soda to produce rise ; counteract this by substituting 1 tablespoon lemon juice for 1 tablespoon of the water .


thanksgiving stuffing loaf

here 's a loaf with the seasonings — sage , thyme , rosemary , marjoram , celery — you 'd find in your favorite turkey stuffing . bake a loaf and make stuffing . or better yet , use this tasty bread for turkey sandwiches the day after . our thanks to donna german 's bread machine cookbook iii for the recipe that inspired this one .

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
14 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons celery salt + 1/8 teaspoon regular salt*
1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
2 teaspoons poultry seasoning or bell 's seasoning ; or use your favorite combination of thyme , sage , rosemary , marjoram , and nutmeg
92 g yellow cornmeal
1 large egg
71 g finely diced onion
43 g butter or 35 g vegetable oil
170 g lukewarm water
*substitute 1 teaspoon celery seeds + 1 1/4 teaspoons regular salt , if desired .

place all of the ingredients in a bowl , and mix and knead to make a supple dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or large ( 8-cup ) measuring cup , cover it , and let it rise until it 's doubled in size , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover the pan , and allow the bread to rise for about an hour , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the bread , and bake it for 35 to 40 minutes , tenting it lightly with foil after 20 minutes if it appears to be browning too quickly . when the bread is done , it 'll be golden brown , and its internal temperature will register at least 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and after a minute or so gently loosen the edges , and turn it out onto a rack to cool . cool completely before wrapping airtight for storage . store for 4 to 5 days at room temperature ; wrap tightly and freeze for longer storage . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

to use this in your favorite stuffing recipe , substitute it for the cubed bread called for , as well as any seasoning .


pandoro

pandoro , a close relation to italy 's most famous holiday bread , panettone , is an egg- and butter-rich bread baked in a traditional star-shaped pan . the biga helps keep it fresh right through the 12 days of christmas !

biga

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g cool water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

57 g unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia
28 g water
2 large eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
67 g sugar
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ; or 106 g italian-style flour and 120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast
71 g golden rasins
64 g diced dried apricots

to make the biga : combine the flour , water and yeast , mix until fairly smooth and very stiff , and allow to rest , covered , overnight . to make the dough : the next day , add the dough ingredients ( except for the fruit ) to the biga , mixing and then kneading ; by hand , mixer or bread machine ; until you 've made a soft , very smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 hour . knead the fruit into the dough , trying to leave most of it inside ; any fruit on the surface will tend to burn as the loaf bakes . round the dough into a ball , and transfer it to a lightly greased pandoro pan . allow it to rise , covered , for 2 hours ; it 'll become noticeably puffy , but wo n't fill the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f towards the end of the rising time . bake the bread for 10 minutes . tent it lightly with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 35 to 40 minutes , until its interior temperature measures 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , let it rest for 10 minutes , then gently remove it from the pan . when cool , sprinkle the bread with confectioners ' sugar or non-melting white sugar , and serve it , sliced , with mascarpone cheese , if desired . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to a week , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

substitute 2 teaspoons vanilla + 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil ( or 2 teaspoons lemon zest ) for the fiori di sicilia , if desired .


sourdough hot dog buns

wondering how to make your own hot dog buns that are every bit as soft and moist as the packaged ones from the grocery store ? the answer is sourdough . using a ripe starter and a little bit of yeast gives lift and flavor to your buns , while our hot dog bun pan guarantees they ’ ll come out consistently beautiful each and every time .

113 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
227 g lukewarm water
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
57 g unsalted butter , softened
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour
3/4 teaspoon instant yeast

weigh out your flour ; you ’ ll find its weight by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure it by gently spooning it into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . combine all the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set to the dough cycle — adding more flour or water if necessary to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough into a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow it to rise at warm room temperature until it 's nearly doubled in bulk , 60 to 90 minutes . while the dough is rising , lightly grease a hot dog bun pan . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , gently deflate it , and stretch it until it 's about 15 '' long and 6 '' wide . place the dough into the pan , stretching it to the edges . let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it comes to within 1/2 '' of the top of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a baking sheet , and place it on top of the risen buns . put the covered buns into the oven , weighing the baking sheet down with something heavy and oven-safe ; a cast iron skillet works well . bake the buns for 18 minutes , remove the weighted baking sheet , and bake for 2 to 5 minutes longer , if necessary to brown the buns . remove the pan from the oven , and cool the buns in the pan for 5 minutes . turn them out onto a rack , rounded side up , to cool completely . slice each bun down the middle vertically , without cutting through the bottom ; then cut between the buns to separate them . store buns wrapped in plastic for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

need help making sourdough starter ? purchase and feed our sourdough starter ; or create your own starter.to make regular ( not new england-style ) hot dog buns without a pan , divide the dough into 10 equal pieces ( if you have a scale , each piece will weigh about 2 3/4 ounces ) , and form each piece into a cylinder 6 '' in length . transfer buns to a parchment-lined baking sheet . flatten the buns slightly ( dough rises more in the center , so this will give them gently rounded tops ) , then allow to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until puffy . bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 15 to 20 minutes , until lightly golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of one bun reads at least 190°f . note that buns baked without a hot dog bun pan will have a more uneven texture , with smaller and larger gas bubbles on the inside . the buns may have a speckled appearance due to those gas bubbles under the surface .


peach cobbler à la bread machine

cobbler is a wonderful year-round treat , especially when it 's made with the freshest fruits of the season . in summer , there 's nothing better than peach cobbler made with truly ripe peaches . but in winter ? frozen peaches will do just fine . your zojirushi bread machine does double duty as a mini-oven here .

filling

5 or 6 ripe peaches ( about 907 g unpeeled ) , peeled , pitted , and sliced ; or 907 g frozen sliced peaches*
135 g sugar
28 g lemon juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
46 g king arthur pie filling enhancer**
1/8 teaspoon salt
*if using frozen peaches , be sure they 're thawed and at room temperature before proceeding .
**do n't have pie filling enhancer ? see `` tips '' , below .

topping

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
heaping 1/4 teaspoon salt
35 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
57 g cold butter , cut into pieces
113 g milk or cream

remove the paddles from the machine 's bucket . program the machine for bake , 70 minutes ; add the keep-warm option if desired . lightly grease the inside of the bucket . to make the filling : combine all of the filling ingredients , and spoon into the bucket . to make the topping : whisk together the flour , salt , sugar , and baking powder . using a pastry cutter , a fork , or your fingers , work the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture is crumbly . add the milk or cream , stirring just until combined . pat the biscuit topping over the fruit . place the bucket in the machine , and press start . when the machine has completed the bake cycle , serve immediately ; or leave the cobbler in the machine on the keep-warm cycle . the juice in the filling will be quite liquid if served right away , which is n't necessarily a bad thing ; gently crush the biscuit topping to absorb the liquid . if you prefer a more solid cobbler , wait about 20 minutes ; the filling will firm up a bit .

tips from our bakers

best , easiest , and fastest way to peel peaches ? see our knife-free peeling tip.pie filling enhancer , a combination of extra-fine sugar , thickener , and ascorbic acid , improves both the flavor of the fruit , and provides the necessary thickening . replace it with 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with the sugar before adding to the fruit , if desired . if you make this substitution , increase the sugar in the recipe to 3/4 cup.this cobbler can also be baked in a 9 '' round cake pan in a conventional oven . cut 2 '' biscuits , and lay them atop the filling in the lightly greased pan . brush them with milk or melted butter , for best browning . you 'll have some dough left over ; simply shape and bake these biscuits separately , if desired . bake the cobbler in a preheated 350°f oven for about 50 minutes , until it 's bubbling and the biscuits are a light golden brown .


ham and swiss cheese strata

stratas are a host 's best friend . easy to toss together the night before , you can vary the cheeses depending on your tastes and fridge contents ( many new englanders prefer cheddar , but the options are endless ) . virginia ham adds a smoky richness that can be balanced by a side of fruit .

397 g bread cubes
103 g scallions , sliced
255 g diced ham
227 g shredded cheese
9 large eggs
1134 g milk
3/4 teaspoon worcestershire
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper

butter or oil a 9 '' x 13 '' baking pan . in a large mixing bowl , combine the bread cubes , scallions , ham , and cheese . stir everything to mix it evenly , and put the mixture into the prepared baking pan . in a medium sized bowl , beat the eggs , milk and seasonings together . pour this mixture slowly over the bread cubes in the pan , being careful to wet the entire top . cover the pan with plastic wrap and refrigerate it overnight . the next morning , preheat the oven to 350°f . let the strata warm on the counter while the oven heats . bake the strata for 60 to 70 minutes until the top is puffy and golden brown . the center may look slightly liquid , but will finish setting up after you take it out of the oven . serve the strata warm . refrigerate any leftovers , covered , for up to 3 days .




swedish limpa

this orange- and spice-scented swedish loaf is a favorite among scandinavians . it 's especially delightful toasted and spread with sweet butter .

241 g to 269 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
57 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
53 g pumpernickel
78 g dark corn syrup
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds
1 1/2 teaspoons anise seeds
1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds
1/4 teaspoon orange oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
227 g to 283 g water
57 g butter or 50 g vegetable oil

combine all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer or bread machine — and knead until the dough is smooth and satiny . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour . it 'll become somewhat puffy , but probably wo n't double in bulk . shape the dough into a ball , flatten it slightly , and place it on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover with a dough rising cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffed up noticeably . bake the limpa in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 10 minutes if it appears to be browning too fast . wrap and store at room temperature for up to a week , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

because this loaf has a tendency to spread as it rises and bakes , we like to cradle it in our cloche baker to ensure an even loaf . this also gives the bread a heartier crust . to make this bread in your cloche , allow the dough to go through its second rise in the cloche . bake the loaf in a preheated 400°f oven for 35 to 45 minutes , remove the cover of the cloche , and continue to bake for another 5 to 10 minutes , until the top crust is golden brown .


buttery hot dog buns

here at king arthur flour , we believe that when you 're talking hotdogs , the bun is equally ( if not more ) important as the dog . with this bun , we bring you an ultra-rich , soft bed for your frank , yet something that will hold up to the heaviest of toppings : even mounds of chili and cheese .

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g lukewarm water
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
85 g soft unsalted butter
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour , or instant mashed potato flakes

combine all of the ingredients , mixing then kneading to make a smooth dough . let the dough rise , covered , until nearly doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . lightly grease a new england-style hot dog bun pan . gently deflate the dough , and stretch it until it 's about 15 '' long and 6 '' wide . place the dough into the pan , stretching it to the edges . let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it comes to within 1/2 '' of the top of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a baking sheet , and place it on top of the risen buns . put the covered buns into the oven , weighing the baking sheet down with something heavy and oven-safe ; a cast-iron skillet works well . bake the buns for 18 minutes , remove the weighted baking sheet , and bake for 2 to 5 minutes longer , if necessary , to brown the buns . remove the pan from the oven , and cool the buns in the pan for 5 minutes . turn them out onto a rack , rounded side up , to cool completely . slice each bun down the middle vertically , without cutting through the bottom ; then cut between the buns to separate them .

tips from our bakers

to make regular ( not new england-style ) hot dog buns without a pan , divide the dough into 10 equal pieces and form each piece into a cylinder 6 '' in length . transfer buns to a parchment-lined baking sheet . flatten the buns slightly ( dough rises more in the center , so this will give them gently rounded tops ) , then allow to rise for 90 minutes . bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 15 to 20 minutes . for extra-moist buns with great keeping power , add 2 tablespoons cake enhancer to the recipe .


cheese & onion swirls

these soft , tender rolls are filled with a swirl of cheese , minced onions , and herbs . they 're perfect with soup , or as a snack . and preparation is easy , when you use dried onions - no tears !

filling

57 g dried minced onions
74 g hot water
1 tablespoon pizza seasoning
64 g vermont cheese powder
14 g soft butter

dough

1 large egg
170 g warm water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
43 g soft butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g baker 's special dry milk



2 to 3 tablespoons shredded mozzarella or parmesan cheese

to make the filling : soak the minced onions in 1/3 cup hot water while making the dough . stir in the pizza seasoning , cheese powder , and butter just before you 're ready to shape the dough . to make the dough : whisk together the egg and warm water . add the yeast , butter , salt , flour , and dry milk . stir to combine , then knead the dough until it 's smooth and elastic , 5 to 10 minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or dough doubler , turning to coat all sides ; cover it with lightly greased plastic wrap or a lid , and let the dough rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 2 hours . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface or silicone rolling mat . pat , then roll the dough into an 18 '' x 10 '' rectangle . spread with the onion mixture , leaving 1 '' free of filling along the long edge farthest from you . starting with the long edge closest to you , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seam closed . cut the log into 12 slices . place the rolls on a greased pizza pan or baking sheet , leaving about 1 '' between them . cover and allow to rise for about 1 hour , or until puffy . sprinkle with additional cheese , if desired . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 22 to 26 minutes , or until golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool on a rack . yield : 12 rolls .

tips from our bakers

to make pesto swirls , substitute 1/2 cup ( 4 ounces ) prepared pesto and 1/4 cup ( 1 3/4 ounces ) grated parmesan for the onion filling.for crustier rolls , bake on a baking stone . preheat the oven with the stone set on the middle rack . once the rolls have been cut , put them on a piece of parchment paper , then use a baker 's peel to transfer them ( and the parchment ) to the stone . bake as directed .


seeded rye sandwich bread

this light-colored , light-textured loaf is ideal for sandwiches . it 's fine-grained , holds together very nicely when sliced , and is chewy without being tough . for the seeds in this recipe , we 've used either caraway , or our five-seed baking blend ( a mixture of caraway , sesame , poppy , flax and fennel seeds ) ; both are delicious , the caraway giving a more traditional flavor , the blend something we consider a bit more interesting . important information about your deli rye flavor our deli rye flavor , a pungent combination of rye flour , acetic and lactic acids , and natural flavors , gives your light and dark rye breads that elusive taste of real bakery rye bread . if your rye breads are good but not great ; if they 're lacking that certain je ne sais quoi , deli rye flavor could be the answer . we 've found that 1 teaspoon rye flavor added to a rye bread recipe containing 3 cups of flour will give a mild rye flavor ; increase the amount from there till you arrive at the exact flavor you like , trying up to 1 tablespoon per 3 cups of flour . this rye flavor is also wonderful in crackers , scandinavian flatbreads , and any other bread or flatbread that relies on rye flour as a main ingredient .

2 teaspoons regular instant yeast
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g white rye ( or light rye , or cream rye ) flour
28 g pumpernickel ( or dark rye ) flour
35 g nonfat dry milk powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/2 to 3 tablespoons caraway seeds
3/4 to 1 1/2 teaspoons deli rye flavor
283 g warm water
57 g ( 1/2 stick ) unsalted butter , melted

if you 're making this bread in a bread machine , place all of the ingredients into the machine , program for basic or white bread , and press start . to make bread using the traditional method , whisk together the instant yeast , flours , milk powder , salt , sugar , seeds and rye flavor in a large mixing bowl . add the water and butter , and mix till well-blended . knead the dough , either by machine or by hand , for about 10 minutes , or until it 's smooth and supple . if you 're kneading the dough by hand , we recommend doing so on a lightly greased counter ( spray your work surface lightly with vegetable spray ) , rather than a floured surface ; when working on a floured surface , you run the risk of adding too much flour to the dough , which will result in a tough , dry loaf . place the dough in a large , lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with a towel or plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise till doubled in bulk , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled surface , and shape it into an oval . place the dough in a lightly greased 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch loaf pan , tent it with lightly greased plastic wrap , and set it aside till doubled in bulk and risen 1 to 1 1/2 inches over the lip of the pan , about 1 to 1 1/4 hours . bake the bread in a preheated 375°f oven for 35 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and tests done ( the interior of the loaf will read 190°f on an instant-read thermometer ) . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pan , and cool completely on a rack .




whole wheat carrot bread

terry magestro entered this bread in the wisconsin state fair . her mother baked leftover vegetables into all kinds of breads , and this loaf carries on the tradition . the dough also makes excellent ( and colorful ) dinner rolls .

85 g puréed cooked carrots
28 g brown sugar
28 g unsalted butter
3/4 teaspoon salt
170 g water
142 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
241 g to 269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

in a medium saucepan , combine the carrot pur & eacutee , brown sugar , butter , and salt and heat just until warm and the butter is almost melted . remove from the heat , and transfer to the bowl of your mixer . add the water , whole wheat flour , and yeast ; mix well . add the all-purpose flour 1/2 cup at a time , mixing well after each addition . use the last 1/4 cup to adjust the dough 's consistency while kneading . knead for 6 to 8 minutes , until the dough is smooth and and elastic . place in a greased bowl , turn over , then cover and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . after the first rise , deflate the dough and shape it into a loaf . place in a greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover with greased plastic , and let rise until it domes 1 '' above the rim of the pan . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , or until the center reads 190°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove from the oven , tip the bread out of its pan , and cool on a rack before slicing .




easy chocolate pudding cake

dark and decadent chocolate cake on top , rich fudge sauce underneath — and all in one easy step ! serve this cake warm , with vanilla ice cream gently melting on top . want to keep your kitchen cool ? believe it or not , this cake is easily made in your programmable zojirushi bread machine . read your machine 's directions for information on how to program , if you have n't done so already .

first layer

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
149 g granulated sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
32 g dutch-process cocoa
1/2 teaspoon espresso powder ( optional , but very good )
170 g milk
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
50 g vegetable oil

second layer

159 g brown sugar
1/4 cup dutch-process cocoa
1 teaspoon espresso powder ( optional , but very good )
340 g hot water or hot brewed coffee

to prepare your bread machine : remove the paddles from the bread machine bucket . spray the inside of the bucket lightly with non-stick vegetable oil spray . program the machine for bake only , 40 minutes , no keep warm option . to prepare for baking in your oven : preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 9 '' round cake pan . to make the first layer : in a medium-sized bowl , whisk together the flour , granulated sugar , baking powder , salt , 6 tablespoons cocoa , and 1/2 teaspoon espresso powder . stir in the milk , vanilla , and oil , mixing until smooth . pour the batter into the bread machine bucket , or into the 9 '' round pan . to make the second layer : mix the 3/4 cup brown sugar with the 1/4 cup cocoa and 1 teaspoon espresso powder , and sprinkle this mixture over the batter . gently drizzle the hot coffee or water over the uncooked batter ; there 's no need to mix it in . really . to bake the cake : if you 're baking in the bread machine , press start ; allow the machine to complete its cycle . if baking in the oven , place the pan in the preheated oven , and bake for 45 minutes , removing the cake when it appears set and is bubbly around the bottom . let the cake cool for at least 15 minutes before serving . the sauce will thicken as it stands , and when totally cooled will be the consistency of medium-thick fudge sauce . to serve , scoop servings of the warm cake onto individual plates ; top with whipped cream or ice cream , if desired . if you ca n't serve it while it 's warm , keep it at room temperature ( for 2 or 3 days ) , and reheat it very briefly in the microwave just before serving . yield : 8 to 10 servings .

tips from our bakers

brewed coffee in the second layer gives the final product an elusive , aromatic , deep-chocolate flavor , without really tasting coffee-like . our tasters simply commented , `` what makes this taste so good ? ! '' we recommend coffee highly , but use water if you 're so inclined .


100 % whole wheat sandwich bread

moist , easy to slice , and 100 % whole wheat — no , these are not contradictory phrases ! this whole-wheat loaf is the ideal everyday bread , perfect for sandwiches , toast , and french toast or grilled cheese sandwiches . note : for those of you looking for our whole wheat nut and seed loaf recipe , this is it : we 've simply freshened it up with a new name and photo . our guarantee : this bread will rise 3 1/2 '' to 4 '' tall at its center , and will have a moderately fine , even texture inside . it 'll taste strongly of whole wheat ...

2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast or 2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g lukewarm water*
113 g lukewarm milk
113 g orange juice
71 g melted butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
18 g nonfat dry milk
64 g instant mashed potato flakes
425 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or king arthur white whole wheat flour
*use 2 tablespoons less water in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , 2 tablespoons more in winter ( or in a dry climate ) .

dissolve the yeast in the lukewarm water with a pinch of sugar . allow it to rest for 15 minutes , till it becomes puffy . if you 're using instant yeast , you can skip this step . combine the yeast/water with the remaining ingredients , and mix and kneadby hand , mixer , or bread machineuntil you 've made a cohesive dough . if you 're using a stand mixer , knead at low speed for about 7 minutes . note that 100 % whole wheat dough will never become smooth and supple like dough made with all-purpose flour ; it 'll feel more like clay under your hands , and may appear a bit rough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow it to rise till it 's expanded and looks somewhat puffy , about 60 to 90 minutes . note that dough kneaded in a bread machine will rise faster and higher than bread kneaded in a mixer , which in turn will rise faster and higher than one kneaded by hand . so if you 're kneading by hand , you may want to let the dough rise longer than 90 minutes . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . gently shape the dough into a smooth log , and settle it into the pan , smooth side up . tent the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the loaf to rise till it 's crowned over the rim of the pan by about 3/4 '' , about 75 minutes . do n't let it rise too high ; it 'll continue to rise as it bakes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 10 minutes . lightly tent it with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 30 to 35 minutes , or until the center registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack . run a stick of butter over the top of the hot loaf , if desired , for a softer crust . allow the bread to cool completely before slicing .

tips from our bakers

do n't bother heating the orange juice to lukewarm ; you can use it straight out of the fridge . the orange juice wo n't add its own flavor to the bread , but will mellow any potential bitterness in the whole wheat.if you 're kneading bread by hand , it 's tempting to keep adding flour till the dough is no longer sticky . resist the temptation ! the more flour you add while you 're kneading , the heavier and drier your final loaf will be . the amount of liquid you use to make the `` perfect '' dough will vary with the seasons . flour is like a sponge ; it absorbs water during the humid days of summer , and dries out during the winter . your goal should be making the dough as it 's described ( e.g. , cohesive , soft but not sticky ) , rather than sticking religiously to the amount of liquid . when making yeast bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking ( how you kneaded the dough ; what kind of yeast you used ) that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


tuscan coffeecake

this recipe was inspired by a wonderful yeast-raised tuscan-style coffeecake at pane e salute , an italian bakery/restaurant in woodstock , vt . this high-rising yeasted coffeecake — truthfully , more bread than cake — is surprisingly tender . the sugar topping drizzled on top before baking gives it a pretty , crunchy sugar glaze . and , unlike american-style coffeecakes , this is n't super-sweet ; the glaze on top , and the fruit inside , are a wonderful complement to the bread itself , which truly is n't sweet at all .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or artisan bread flour
113 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
152 g lukewarm water
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or artisan bread flour
57 g butter
1 large egg
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

filling

113 g toasted walnuts , very coarsely chopped
113 g chopped dates
128 g raisins , golden preferred

glaze

25 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon water

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small ( about 1-quart ) bowl , cover , and let rest overnight at room temperature . to make the dough : combine the dough ingredients , mixing and kneading to form a smooth , supple dough . it 'll be very slack ; for this reason , we suggest kneading in a bread machine , or with a mixer , rather than by hand . place the dough in a bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for about 1 hour . it may not double in bulk ; that 's ok. gently deflate the dough , and knead the nuts and fruit into it . shape the dough into a flat ball , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' round cake pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the loaf to rise for 60 minutes , or until it fills the pan side to side and barely crests over the top . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . to glaze the coffeecake : combine the sugar , vanilla and water , and drizzle this mixture over the top of the risen cake . bake the coffeecake on a lower oven rack for 50 to 60 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . tent lightly with foil for the final 20 minutes , if it appears to be browning too quickly . the internal temperature of the finished bread should be at least 190°f . remove the coffeecake from the oven , and after 5 minutes , carefully turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . serve at room temperature ; or pop slices into the toaster and spread with butter , for a special treat . store the coffeecake at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

not a fan of raisins ? try other dried fruits : chopped apricots , cranberries , apples , and cherries are all good .


jan brett 's crunchy whole grain bread

jan brett , a wonderful writer and incredible artist , has been delighting children with her internationally famous picture books for years . we were thrilled to find out that jan is a baker , too — and that she 's posted a recipe for the bread below in her blog . jan 's recipe uses all kinds of king arthur products ; and while we 've clarified it slightly , it remains true to its origins , with jan . this dark , earthy , whole-grain bread , studded with cranberries and walnuts , makes marvelous sandwiches and toast - perfect for sharing with your young children , along with one of jan 's books .

454 g lukewarm water
1 large egg
170 g molasses
1 tablespoon salt
4 teaspoons instant yeast
113 g softened butter
32 g milled flax seeds
32 g stabilized wheat germ
43 g harvest grains blend
340 g king arthur whole grain flour blend
113 to 170 g finely chopped walnuts
128 to 191 g dried cranberries
35 g toasted sesame seeds
454 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

whisk together the water , molasses , and egg in a large bowl . add the salt , instant yeast , butter , flax , wheat germ , harvest grains blend , and 9-grain flour blend , stirring to combine . stir in the walnuts , cranberries , and sesame seeds . add the bread flour , and mix until cohesive . knead the dough for about 7 to 10 minutes ( the longer amount of time by hand ) , to make a dough that feels fairly springy , but will also feel quite sticky . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and let the dough rise until it 's noticeably expanded , about 2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into two 9 '' logs . place the logs in two lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pans . cover the pans , and let the dough rise until the center of each loaf has crested about 1 '' above the rim of the pan , 1 to 2 hours . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 50 minutes , until the center of a loaf registers 200°f on an instant-read thermometer . tent the loaf lightly with aluminum foil after about 30 minutes , to prevent over-browning . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pans onto a rack to cool . if desired , brush melted butter on the crust for a satiny sheen and buttery flavor . yield : 2 large sandwich loaves .

tips from our bakers

can you substitute whole wheat flour for the 9-grain flour blend ? yes . can you substitute rolled oats for the harvest grains blend , wheat bran for the wheat germ , flax seed for the milled flax ... ? in her original recipe , jan says to use 8 cups of a combination of flours and grains : harvest grains blend , wheat germ , flax meal , 9-grain flour blend , bread flour ... we have n't tested every possible combination of ingredients , but suggest you use 4 cups of bread flour ; 3 cups of 9-grain or whole wheat flour ; and 3/4 to 1 cup of the seeds and grains of your choice . in addition , feel free to leave out ( and/or change ) the walnuts and cranberries . keep in mind , though — the further you stray from the original recipe , the more different from jan 's bread yours will be . not a problem ; just a reminder.want to use active dry yeast in place of instant ? use 2 packets , dissolving them in the lukewarm water before adding the butter , molasses , salt , and egg .


sourdough ciabatta sandwich rolls

we 're intrigued by sourdough , and by the popular italian bread , ciabatta . put the two together , and you get a delicious loaf distinguished by its crunchy crust and extra-light interior . these sandwich rolls are perfect with all kinds of filling ; try our vietnamese-inspired banh mi .

dough

225 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
283 g lukewarm water
170 g lukewarm milk
14 g olive oil
18 g salt
723 to 964 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping ( optional )

43 g artisan bread topping , optional

mix all the dough ingredients together , using 6 cups of the flour . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead , adding more flour as necessary , until the dough is smooth and satiny . the dough should be on the slack side , but not oozy ; it needs to be able to hold its shape in the oven . cover the dough , and let it rise for about 2 hours , until doubled in size . gently deflate the dough and turn it onto a lightly floured work surface . divide it into six pieces . form each piece of dough into a 7 '' to 8 '' torpedo shape , and place on a baguette pan ( two loaves per groove ) , or on parchment-lined baking sheets . with a serrated knife or lame , make three slashes in the tops of the loaves . cover and let rise until puffy ; this should take approximately 30 minutes . while the loaves rise , preheat the oven to 425°f . spray the loaves with water and top with artisan bread topping , if desired . bake for 10 minutes , spraying the loaves with water two more times . lower the oven temperature to 375°f , and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , until loaves are a deep golden brown . remove the loaves from the oven , turn them out of the pan ( s ) , turn off the oven , and return the loaves to the oven , with its door cracked open a couple of inches , to cool completely . yield : six 8 '' loaves .

tips from our bakers

there 's a wide range given for flour because the essence of ciabatta — its coarse texture , featuring large interior holes — depends on the relationship between flour and liquid . a dough with too much flour will have a fine texture ; a slack dough , one with too much liquid , will spread out on the baking sheet , rather than rising up . experience , and maybe a few failures , will teach you just what the dough of a perfect ciabatta should feel like.traditional italian ciabatta is sometimes made with milk ( when it 's known as ciabatta al latte ) , sometimes not . we like the milk version for its softer interior , which we feel makes it ideal for sandwiches .


panettone

here 's a quick and easy recipe for panettone , a lovely italian holiday bread .

1 tablespoon active dry yeast or instant yeast
74 g lukewarm water
50 g granulated sugar
3 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon peel ( or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil )
1 teaspoon salt
113 g unsalted butter , softened
298 g to 361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g golden raisins

in a large bowl , dissolve the yeast in the warm water . stir in the sugar , eggs , vanilla , lemon , salt and butter ; beat well . gradually stir in the flour , adding just enough flour to make a soft dough . transfer dough to well-floured work surface and knead , adding more flour if necessary , until dough is smooth . place dough in a well-greased bowl , cover with plastic wrap or a towel , and let rise until nearly doubled in bulk , about 30 to 45 minutes . punch dough down , and place on well-floured work surface . knead in the raisins . shape the dough into a ball and place in a well-buttered 2-quart casserole pan . set aside to rise until doubled in bulk , 30 to 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 400°f , or 375°f if using a glass pan . bake panettone for 15 minutes . reduce heat to 350°f ( 325°f for a glass pan ) , and bake an additional 30 to 40 minutes . cover panettone with aluminum foil if it begins to get too brown .

tips from our bakers

try this panettone as the base for panettone bread pudding with lemon filling . ideally you 'll want the panettone to be slightly stale before using it for pudding , so feel free to enjoy about half of your loaf fresh , reserving the rest for this decadent dessert .


pineapple-dijon bread

deconstruct your favorite flavors of a pineapple-glazed ham , and put them in a loaf of bread instead . the flavor is subtle , but the loaf has an unmistakable mustard aroma . add thinly sliced ham or prosciutto for different twist on sunday dinner .

170 g warm water
227 g canned crushed pineapple , well drained ( see `` tips '' , below . )
32 g prepared dijon-style mustard
7 g dry mustard powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
11 g canola oil
418 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
39 g semolina
2 teaspoons instant yeast

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for basic bread , light crust , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth ball of dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . cool the loaf completely before serving . store at room temperature , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

please use canned pineapple only — do n't use fresh . canned pineapple has gone through a cooking process that destroys the enzymes that consume protein ; if you use fresh pineapple , these enzymes will turn your bread to mush .


pineapple upside-down rolls

a creative invention from the iowa state fair by lana ross of indianola : tender , cinnamon-filled dough is baked atop sweet , coconut-laced pineapple , then flipped upside down for a show-stopping result .

dough

57 g lukewarm water
2 teaspoons instant or active dry yeast
227 g milk
57 g unsalted butter , softened
50 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

57 g large-flake unsweetened coconut
567 g drained crushed pineapple ; divided , juice reserved
57 g unsalted butter
106 g brown sugar
39 g corn light syrup
1/4 teaspoon salt

filling

106 g brown sugar , light or dark
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1 teaspoon instant clearjel or 1 tablespoon king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
28 g unsalted butter , softened
2 teaspoons lime juice
64 g drained crushed pineapple ( from above )
28 g shredded unsweetened coconut

for the dough : pour the water into a large mixing bowl and sprinkle the yeast into it . add the remaining ingredients , reserving 1/4 cup of flour to use only if needed . mix the dough until it comes together ; cover and let rest for 15 minutes . after the first rest , turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and supple . place in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . to make the topping : butter two 8 '' round pans or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . sprinkle the large-flake coconut evenly over the bottom of the pan ( s ) . measure 1/4 cup of drained crushed pineapple and set it aside for the filling ; sprinkle the rest over the coconut in the baking pan ( s ) . cook the pineapple juice in a small saucepan over medium heat until reduced to a syrupy consistency . add the butter , brown sugar , corn syrup , and salt and cook , stirring , until the brown sugar dissolves . pour the syrup evenly over the pineapple and coconut in the pan . to make the filling : in a medium bowl combine the brown sugar , cinnamon , clearjel , and salt . mix in the butter until a paste forms , then stir in the lime juice , 1/4 cup reserved pineapple , and coconut . when the dough is fully risen , deflate it and roll it out on a lightly greased work surface to a 12 '' x 18 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the dough , leaving a 1 '' strip along the long edge uncovered . roll up the dough the long way , and pinch the seam closed . cut the dough into 1 '' slices and place in the pan ( s ) . cover and let rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until very puffy looking . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes . remove them from the oven and let them cool for 15 minutes before turning them upside down onto a serving dish to finish cooling . enjoy warm or at room temperature . store any leftover rolls , wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for a couple of days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have instant clearjel , you can use 1 tablespoon flour for the filling . an easy trick for slicing the cinnamon buns to wrap unflavored dental floss around the dough and pull it through .


basic focaccia

in ancient rome , panis focacius was a flatbread baked in the ashes of the hearth ; the word `` focus '' refers to the hearth , or heart of the home , in latin.the predecessor of pizza in italy was a flat bread called `` focaccia '' which is used both as an appetizer ( an antipasto , the course before the pasta ) or as an accompaniment to a main meal .

dough

227 g water , warm
39 g olive oil
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or king arthur unbleached bread flour
2 teaspoons salt
14 g italian seasoning
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast

topping ( optional )

39 g olive oil
1 teaspoon salt

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , bread machine or food processor — until you 've made a smooth , elastic dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turn to coat , cover , and allow it to rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . roll it out to form a rectangle , and transfer it to a cookie sheet , 10 '' x 15 '' to 12 '' x 18 '' . pat the dough into the pan . make indentations in the dough with your fingertips , about an inch apart , and drizzle sparingly with olive oil . sprinkle lightly with the salt . cover the focaccia loosely with greased plastic wrap , and let rise for 1/2 hour to 1 hour , or until puffy . preheat your oven to 450°f . bake for 15 to 20 minutes , or until lightly browned . store on the counter for 2 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

a plain focaccia can be topped with a light sprinkling of salt and pepper . other toppings may include browned onions , fresh herbs and garlic , goat cheese , pesto , fresh sage and bacon , potatoes and rosemary , sun-dried tomatoes , gorgonzola cheese , olives , or any combination of those or other ingredients of your choice.leftover focaccia makes well-flavored croutons or turkey stuffing .


orange sunshine coffeecake

as the days grow longer and we turn toward springtime , this tender coffeecake , with its orange-cinnamon filling , is a great way to celebrate .

dough

113 g milk
28 g butter
57 g orange juice
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
50 g granulated sugar
1 large egg

filling

149 g granulated sugar
1 tablespoon instant clearjel
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoons grated orange peel ( zest )
43 g orange juice

icing

113 g confectioners ' sugar
14 g to 28 g orange juice

to make the dough : place the milk in a small saucepan and bring it to a simmer . remove it from the heat and add the butter . when the butter has melted , add the orange juice . when the mixture is barely warm to the touch , mix in the yeast , 1 cup of the flour , and the sugar . cover the bowl , and let the mixture rest for 10 minutes , to give the yeast a chance to get going . after 10 minutes , the mixture should be showing some bubbles . mix in the egg and salt . add another 1 1/2 cups of flour and mix until cohesive . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface ; use the remaining 1/4 cup flour for your hands as you knead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes . it should be soft , smooth , and supple . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover it , and let it rise until doubled in volume , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . to make the filling : combine the sugar , clearjel , cinnamon , orange zest , and juice to form a spreadable paste . to assemble the coffeecake : deflate the risen dough and pat it into a rectangle . cover it with greased plastic and let it rest for 5 minutes . after this rest , roll it into a 12 '' x 18 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the rectangle , leaving 1/2 '' along one long edge uncovered . roll the dough up ( starting at a long edge ) toward the opposite uncovered edge . pinch the seam to seal , then transfer the log to a parchment-lined baking sheet . pull the ends around to form a circle ; pinch the ends together . cut slits about 1 1/2 '' apart , three-fourths of the way toward the center of the ring . lay the rings on their sides to overlap , or twist alternating slices to the inside and outside of the ring , as shown in the recipe 's photo . cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise for 30 to 45 minutes , until quite puffy-looking . after 20 minutes of rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . when the coffeecake is almost doubled , remove the plastic . put the cake into the preheated oven , and bake it for 20 to 25 minutes , until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , and cool it on a rack . when the cake is lukewarm , combine the confectioners ' sugar and orange juice and drizzle over the top before serving .

tips from our bakers

can you make this dough in the bread machine ? of course . program it for the dough cycle , and put the combined ingredients from step 1 into your machine 's pan . let them rest for 10 minutes there , then add the egg , salt , and 1 1/2 cups flour . start the machine , and check after the dough has kneaded for a few minutes by opening the machine and touching it lightly . if the dough sticks to your finger , add the remaining 1/4 cup flour . let the machine finish its cycle , then shape the dough as described in steps 5 and 6 . the filling as given above will only stay in place by using instant clearjel . if you do n't have that product , use this filling instead : 1/2 cup ( 3 1/2 ounces ) granulated sugar , 3 tablespoons ( 1 1/2 ounces ) soft butter , 2 tablespoons ( 1 ounce ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour , 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon , and 2 tablespoons freshly grated orange zest . if the mixture is too thick to spread on the dough without tearing it , add a teaspoon of orange juice .


maple-walnut sticky buns

do you love sticky buns ? how about maple syrup ? if the answer is a resounding yes , then you 'll surely enjoy these soft , light buns with their subtle maple filling and sticky , nutty maple topping .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
35 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
43 g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/2 teaspoon maple flavor ; optional , for increased flavor
198 g to 255 g lukewarm water*
*use the lesser amount in summer ( or in a humid environment ) , the greater amount in winter ( or in a dry climate ) , and somewhere in between the rest of the year , or if your house is climate controlled .

glaze

156 g maple syrup
43 g melted butter
1/2 teaspoon maple flavor ; optional , for increased flavor
213 g brown sugar , light or dark , firmly packed*
113 g diced toasted walnuts
*substitute maple sugar , if desired .

filling

35 g maple sugar ; substitute brown sugar if desired

to make the dough : mix and knead everything together — by hand , mixer or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a smooth dough . if you 're kneading in a stand mixer , it will take about 5 to 7 minutes at second speed ; the dough should barely clean the sides of the bowl , perhaps sticking a bit at the bottom . in a bread machine ( or by hand ) , it should form a smooth ball . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's nearly doubled in bulk . rising may take longer , especially if you 've kneaded by hand . give it enough time to become quite puffy . while the dough is rising , lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan . to make the glaze : whisk together the syrup , melted butter , and maple flavor , if you 're using it . spread the glaze in the prepared pan . sprinkle the brown sugar ( or maple sugar ) and toasted walnuts atop the glaze . to toast walnuts , see tips , at left . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat or roll it into a 16 '' x 12 '' rectangle . it 's a nice , soft dough , and pats out easily . sprinkle the maple sugar evenly over the dough , leaving an uncovered strip about 1 '' wide along one long end of the rectangle . gently pat it onto the dough , so it adheres . starting with the sugar-covered edge , roll the dough into a log the long way . using a sharp or serrated knife , slice the log into 20 slices . or , instead of using a knife , loop a length of dental floss around the log , and pull the ends in opposite directions ; they 'll slice nicely through the dough . space the buns in the pan ; five rows of four works well . cover the pans , and let the buns rise until they spread out , touch one another , and puff up , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . towards the end of the buns ' rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown and feel set when you poke them . remove the buns from the oven , and loosen their edges with a knife . carefully — the syrup is hot ! — turn them out onto a rack ( set over parchment , to catch any spills ) or parchment-covered sheet pan . scrape any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns , and spoon any glaze that 's run onto the pan back onto the buns . serve warm , or at room temperature . wrap any leftovers airtight , and store at room temperature . yield : 20 sticky buns .

tips from our bakers

to toast walnuts , spread them in a single layer in a 9 '' round cake pan or similar size pan . bake in a preheated 350°f oven for 7 to 9 minutes , or until they 're beginning to brown and smell toasty.want to make these fresh and hot for breakfast ? make the dough , shape the buns , and place them in the pan ( with the glaze ) ; do n't let them rise . place the pan of buns in the refrigerator for up to 18 hours before you want to serve . remove the buns from the fridge , and let them rest at room temperature for 1 hour . bake them in a preheated 350°f oven for about 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're golden brown and the filling is bubbly .


basic sourdough bread

this tangy , soft sandwich loaf recipe was originally developed for the bread machine ; we 've tweaked it here for those of you without a machine . see our recipe for bread machine sourdough bread for the original , machine-baked version .

1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
454 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
113 g lukewarm water

combine all the ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough ; about 15 to 20 minutes by hand , 7 to 10 minutes in a mixer , and 20 to 30 minutes in a bread machine . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and let it rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . on a lightly greased work surface , gently deflate the dough , and form it into a 9 '' log . place the log in the prepared pan , cover , and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it crests about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 50 minutes , until it 's light gold and a digital thermometer inserted into the center reads 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after a couple of minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




artichoke and cheese flatbread

you do n't often see breads calling for blue cheese as a dough ingredient , and the slightly blue tint of the finished dough does give one pause . but the bread bakes up beautifully , and the vibrant colors of the roasted peppers , herbs , and artichokes , peeking out the top , will make this loaf a standout on any table .

starter

113 g cool water
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

bread

all of the starter
227 g lukewarm water
1 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
21 g medium rye flour
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g crumbled blue cheese
18 g caraway seeds , optional ; to taste

filling

170 g marinated artichokes , partially drained and chopped
113 g roasted red peppers , drained and diced
14 g olive oil
coarse sea salt , chopped fresh rosemary , or seed blend of your choice

to make the starter : combine all the starter ingredients , stir well , cover , and let rest on the counter at room temperature overnight . for the dough : combine the starter ( fed or unfed- either works just fine ) or poolish , water , yeast , salt , rye and all-purpose flours in the bowl of your mixer or the bucket of your bread machine set on the dough cycle . mix and combine until the dough comes together ; add the blue cheese and caraway , and knead for 6 to 8 minutes , until smooth and elastic . if you 're using a bread machine , add the cheese and caraway at the beep , adjust the dough with a tablespoon of flour or water as needed , and let the machine complete its cycle . if you 're not using a bread machine , cover the kneaded dough and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it 's puffy but not necessarily doubled in bulk . preheat the oven to 450°f . to assemble the flatbread : deflate the dough and roll it into a 10 '' x 14 '' rectangle . put the filling in the middle third of the dough , as shown , and fold the sides up and over , leaving 2 '' uncovered in the center to show off the lovely colors . spread the filling in the center third of the dough , and fold the sides up and over into the center , leaving a 2 '' gap uncovered to show off the lovely colors . brush the dough with olive oil , and sprinkle with coarse salt , if desired . bake the flatbread for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's deep golden brown . remove it from the oven , and cool for 15 minutes before serving . yield : 1 large bread , 12 servings .

tips from our bakers

for a bread with stronger sourdough tang , substitute 1 cup of your existing ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter for the overnight starter .


sourdough pumpkin spice bread

adding sourdough starter to this classic fall recipe gives it a lighter texture and intriguing , tangy flavor .

67 g vegetable oil
99 g sugar
85 g molasses
2 large eggs
227 g pumpkin purée
170 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
57 g chopped walnuts
85 g raisins , packed

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , stir together the oil , sugar , molasses , eggs , and pumpkin . stir in the starter and vanilla . in a medium bowl , whisk together the flour , salt , spices , baking powder , and baking soda . stir the dry ingredients into the wet until evenly combined . stir in the nuts and raisins . transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake for 60 to 65 minutes , until a paring knife inserted in the center comes out clean . remove the bread from the oven and cool it in the pan on a rack for 15 minutes before turning it out of the pan back onto the rack . allow the bread to finish cooling completely before slicing . store the bread , tightly wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




raisin rye bread

dark , chewy , raisin-studded rye bread is a french classic , and is often found served with cheese . it 's also a hearty breakfast bread .

159 g rye flour blend , or flour mix in tips below
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
39 g brown sugar
283 g water
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter
57 g chopped pecans
142 g currants or 170 g raisins

in a large mixing bowl , or in the bowl of an electric mixer , combine all of the ingredients except the currants and pecans , mixing them to form a shaggy dough . knead the dough , by hand or by machine , for 10 minutes . allow it to rest for 10 minutes , then knead for an additional 10 minutes , until it 's smooth and supple , kneading in the currants and pecans during the final couple of minutes . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rest for 1 hour . it 'll become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . you may also use your bread machine , set on the dough cycle , to prepare the dough to this point . shape the dough into a ball , and place it on a lightly greased sheet pan . cover the pan with a dough cover or some lightly greased plastic wrap . allow the loaf to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until it 's puffy . toward the end of the rise , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 40 minutes ( tenting it lightly with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes ) until its interior registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if desired , substitute 1/2 cup each white rye flour ( 1 7/8 ounces , 53g ) , pumpernickel flour ( 1 7/8 ounces , 53g ) , and king arthur unbleached bread flour ( 2 ounces , 57g ) for 1 1/2 cups rye flour blend .


cinnamon star bread

this pull-apart style sweet bread is a show-stopping riff on a classic cinnamon bun . as it bakes , the cinnamon-sugar filling caramelizes and gives the bread a wonderfully sweet and crunchy coating , while the interior remains soft and tender . it 's a holiday breakfast treat that will disappear in a flash .

dough

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g potato flour or instant mashed potato flakes
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
198 g to 227 g lukewarm water , enough to make a soft , smooth dough
57 g unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt

filling

1 large egg , beaten
99 g sugar*
1 tablespoon cinnamon or 2 teaspoons vietnamese cinnamon*
*or substitute 1/2 cup cinnamon-sugar plus

first , measure the flour by gently spooning it into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . next , sift the flour , potato flour , and dry milk through a strainer ; this is an important step to prevent lumps in the dough . ( if you 're using instant mashed potatoes rather than potato flour you can skip this sifting step . ) to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for 60 minutes , until it 's nearly doubled in bulk . divide the dough into four equal pieces . shape each piece into a ball , cover the balls , and allow them to rest for 15 minutes . on a lightly greased or floured work surface , roll one piece of dough into a 10 '' circle . place the circle on a piece of parchment , brush a thin coat of beaten egg on the surface , then evenly sprinkle with 1/3 of the cinnamon-sugar , leaving 1/4 '' of bare dough around the perimeter . roll out a second circle the same size as the first , and place it on top of the filling-covered circle . repeat the layering process — egg , cinnamon sugar , dough circle — leaving the top circle bare . place a 2 1/2 '' to 3 '' round cutter in the center of the dough circle as a guide . with a bench knife or sharp knife , cut the circle into 16 equal strips , from the cutter to the edge , through all the layers . using two hands , pick up two adjacent strips and twist them away from each other twice so that the top side is facing up again . repeat with the remaining strips of dough so that you end up with eight pairs of strips . pinch the pairs of strips together to create a star-like shape with eight points . remove the cutter . transfer the star on the parchment to a baking sheet . cover the star and let it rise until it becomes noticeably puffy , about 45 minutes . while the star is rising , preheat the oven to 400°f . brush the star with a thin coat of the beaten egg . bake it for 12 to 15 minutes , until it 's nicely golden with dark brown cinnamon streaks ; the center should register 200°f on a digital thermometer . remove the loaf from the oven and allow it to cool for about 10 minutes before serving . dust with confectioners ' sugar and serve warm or at room temperature . store any leftover bread , well wrapped in plastic , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

to reheat bread for serving , place it on a baking sheet and tent it loosely with aluminum foil . place in a preheated 350°f oven , and warm for about 15 minutes , or until it 's as hot as you like.our buttery sweet dough flavor is a flavorful enhancement for this bread . simply substitute the vanilla with 1 teaspoon of dough flavor for rich butter , vanilla flavor with a hint of citrus .


rum-raisin bread

a tender , lovely bread , with great flavors . you could change the fruit to suit your tastes , but the rum-raisin combo is mighty good . an excellent bread to serve up for company , or to treat yourself .

dough

28 g rum
85 g raisins
170 g milk
28 g unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon rum extract
1 large egg
1 tablespoon brown sugar
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast

rum glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar , sifted to remove lumps
14 g to 28 g milk
1/4 teaspoon butter-rum flavor

to make the bread : combine the rum and raisins in a small , nonreactive bowl and set aside to soak for about 30 minutes . place the remaining ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine in the order listed , select the dough cycle , and press start . when the machine beeps for additions , add the raisins and any remaining rum . check the consistency of the dough , adjusting it with a tablespoon more water or flour if necessary to make a smooth ball of dough . let the machine complete its cycle . to shape and bake : gently deflate the risen dough , divide it into thirds , and fold each piece over on itself so the cut edge is inside the ball of dough . cover and let the dough rest for 10 minutes . on a lightly floured surface , roll each piece of dough to a 12 '' rope . place two of the pieces on a piece of parchment crossing each other . lay the third piece over the top . braid the bread from the center to the ends on both sides . ( braiding this way keeps the dough more uniform instead of having one long , stretched-out end . ) pinch the ends together and tuck them underneath . cover with greased plastic and let the braid rise for 30 to 45 minutes , until almost doubled . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the top of the bread with egg wash , if desired . bake for 35 to 40 minutes , until a deep golden brown and the center reads 190°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove from the oven and cool completely before glazing . to make the glaze : combine the confectioners ' sugar with enough milk to make a spreadable glaze ; stir in the butter-rum flavor . drizzle or brush the glaze on top of the braid .

tips from our bakers

to mix by hand or mixer : mix and combine all the ingredients except the rum/raisins until you have a soft dough . knead for 2 minutes , cover , and let rest for 5 minutes . knead in the soaked raisins and any liquid . flour your hands as needed , and knead for 4 more minutes , or until the dough is springy . cover and let rise for 60 minutes , then proceed as directed for shaping and baking .


swedish almond braid

nordic darkness is brightened when this golden swedish almond braid is waiting on the table . a rope of almond filling nestled in the center of this soft sweet dough lends a distinctly scandinavian flair , but do n't limit the dough to just this filling . you can certainly use jams , nuts , or poppyseeds to feature your own favorite flavors . this dough is also delicious when left unfilled and made into a classic braid .

dough

2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
56 g warm water ( 95°f )
1/2 teaspoon sugar
297 g to 361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g milk
28 g butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
50 g sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 egg yolk , beaten with 1 tablespoon water , for egg wash

almond filling

1 egg white
120 g almond flour or ground almonds
71 g sugar
7 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
14 g butter , melted
a few drops of vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons milk

confectioners ' sugar glaze

57 g confectioners ' sugar
14 g milk , water , rum , or brandy
a few drops of flavoring , orange or lemon oil , vanilla or almond
toasted almond slices , optional

to make the dough : in a small bowl or 2-cup measure combine the yeast , warm water , 1/2 teaspoon sugar and 1/4 cup flour . cover with plastic wrap and a clean towel and set aside until bubbly and very active , about 10 to 15 minutes . meanwhile , scald the milk . pour immediately into a large bowl and add the butter , sugar , salt , vanilla and beaten eggs . stir to melt the butter . when the mixture is lukewarm , add the yeast mixture and stir to combine . add the flour , one cup at a time , until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and scrape out the bowl . lightly oil the bowl and set it aside . knead the dough , using only enough flour to keep the dough from sticking to your hands and the board . the dough should be soft and pliable , but not sticky . place the dough into the oiled bowl , turn to oil all surfaces and cover with plastic wrap and a clean towel . let sit in a warm place for about 45 minutes , or until puffy . to make the filling : beat the egg whites until thick . slowly add the rest of the filling ingredients except the milk . add only enough milk to adjust the consistency . chill in the refrigerator while the dough finishes rising . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured surface . gently deflate the dough and round into a ball . cover with plastic wrap and let rest 10 to 15 minutes . to make the braid : roll dough into a rough 10 '' x 15 '' rectangle about 1/4 '' thick . draw two light lines on the rectangle , lengthwise , to divide dough into three equal sections . spread almond filling down the center section , leaving 1 '' of clear space at either end . cut 1 '' wide strips from edge of filling to outer edge of dough . fold ends over , and bring dough strips across the filling on a diagonal , alternating from side to side , like a two-stranded braid . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) cover the braid with lightly greased plastic wrap and a clean towel , and let rise in a warm place until the dough is light and not quite doubled in size . while the braid is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the top of the loaf with an egg beaten with 1 tablespoon of water . bake the loaf for 25 to 35 minutes , or until it 's a rich , golden brown . cool on a wire rack . to make confectioners ' sugar glaze : mix 1 cup confectioners ' sugar with 2 tablespoons liquid ( water , milk , a few drops of flavor extract , rum , brandy , grated lemon or orange peel , etc . ) drizzle the glaze on the braid . if you drizzle it on right after the braid comes out of the oven , it will spread and create a clear , shiny glaze over the whole surface . for more crunch , sprinkle nuts over this before it hardens . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

visual learner ? we have a helpful video to show how to make a filled braid .


panettone bread pudding with lemon filling

wondering what to do with the leftover christmas panettone ( or for that matter , the easter dove bread , or any other sweet/holiday bread you 're trying to finish up ) ? this simple bread pudding , made in a loaf pan and served in slices , is an engaging combination of sweet/tart flavors , and smooth interior with a crunchy sugar topping . baked-in lemon curd filling takes it over the top . by the way , you do n't have to use a holiday sweet bread in this pudding . though often those breads offer the bonus of bits of dried fruit and citrus-vanilla flavor , any slightly stale bread is fine . our thanks to andy and jackie king at a & j king artisan bakers for the recipe that inspired this one .

3 large eggs
454 g half & half ( fat-free is fine ) , light cream , whole milk , or a combination of milk and cream
50 g granulated sugar
14 g vanilla extract
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia , to taste ; optional
340 g diced ( generous 1 '' cubes ) panettone or other bread
142 g prepared lemon curd , for filling
coarse sparkling sugar , for sprinkling on top ; optional

whisk together the eggs , half & half , sugar , vanilla , and fiori . put the cubed bread in a bowl , and pour the egg mixture over it . stir to combine . set the mixture aside for 30 to 60 minutes , so the bread can absorb much of the liquid . while the bread is soaking , preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . stir the bread again , then spoon half of it into the prepared pan . dollop the lemon curd over the bread/custard . spread it out if it 's not too sticky ; though leaving it in clumps is fine , too , as it 'll melt a bit and redistribute itself as the pudding bakes . top with the remaining bread/custard , patting it down gently . sprinkle with coarse white sparkling sugar , if desired ; this creates a crunchy/sweet topping that plays well with the pudding 's smooth interior . bake the pudding for 40 to 50 minutes , until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , and let it rest at room temperature for at least 30 minutes , in order to set , before slicing and serving . sift confectioners ' sugar over the top of each slice ; serve with a bit of whipped cream or ice cream , if desired . yield : 8 to 10 servings .

tips from our bakers

fiori di sicilia — `` flowers of sicily '' — is italy 's classic flavoring for panettone , and is a nice extra touch in this pudding .


sesame honey loaf

if you 're familiar with ( and love ) those crunchy , individually wrapped sesame and honey candies , we 're with you . this recipe brings together those flavors in a soft , lightly sweetened , sesame-studded loaf that 's perfect for just about any sandwich or toast occasion . because why not turn candy into bread !

dough

361 g artisan bread flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
163 g semolina flour
21 g potato flour or 1/4 cup instant mashed potato flakes
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
340 g lukewarm water
43 g unsalted butter , melted
64 g honey
71 g sesame seeds , toasted preferred

topping

14 g butter , unsalted or salted
21 g honey
sesame seeds , toasted preferred

weigh your flours ; you ’ ll find their weight by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure by gently spooning into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . combine all the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set to the dough cycle — until a smooth , elastic dough forms , adding more water or flour as needed . cover the dough and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes , or until it 's just about doubled in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface and shape it into a 12 '' log . place the log into the lightly greased and semolina-dusted base of an italian baker or a long covered baker . cover with the lid , and let the loaf rise until very puffy , about 1 hour . about 20 minutes before the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . remove the cover and slash the loaf diagonally three times . cover the loaf with the lid again and immediately put it into the oven . bake the bread , covered , for 25 to 30 minutes . while the bread is baking , prepare the topping . in a small saucepan or microwave-safe bowl heat the butter and honey until the butter has melted . stir to combine . remove the bread from the oven and remove the cover of the baker . brush the loaf with the butter-honey mixture and sprinkle heavily with the sesame seeds . return the loaf to the oven , uncovered , and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer , until it 's a deep golden brown ; a digital thermometer inserted into the center should read 190°f . transfer the bread in the baker to a rack . allow the bread to cool for 10 minutes , then turn it out onto a rack to cool completely . store the cooled bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

to make this bread in a dutch oven , simply follow the directions as written , forming the loaf into a ball ( boule ) rather than a log .


italian supermarket bread

you know that yummy italian bread you get in the supermarket ? the fat , golden , sesame-seed-sprinkled loaf ? yes , you can make it at home . here 's how .

dough

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
21 g potato flour , or dried potato flakes
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
301 g lukewarm water
35 g olive oil

topping

1 egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon water ; or substitute quick shine
sesame seeds

in a large bowl , stir together all of the dough ingredients till cohesive . knead the dough for 5 to 8 minutes , until it 's smooth and supple , adding more water or flour as needed . cover the dough and allow it to rise for 1 hour , or until it 's doubled in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface and divide it into two pieces . shape each piece into a smooth 16 '' log . place the logs into the two wells of a lightly greased italian bread pan , cover , and let the loaves rise until very puffy , about 1 hour . brush the loaves with the egg wash ( or spray them with quick shine ) , then sprinkle heavily with sesame seeds . slash the loaves diagonally , making 3 slashes in each , and immediately put them in the oven . bake in a preheated 400°f oven for about 25 minutes , until the loaves are golden brown . for the crispiest crust , turn off the oven , prop the door open , and allow the bread to cool in the oven

tips from our bakers

tips for using your italian bread pan : before using for the first time , wash your new pan in hot , soapy water ; rinse and dry . to clean after use , place the cooled pan in the dishwasher , or wash by hand using a non-abrasive pad in hot , soapy water . rinse and dry completely . scouring with metal pads , steel wool or abrasive cleaners will damage the pan 's surface . this pan will gradually darken with use over time . this is normal , and will enhance the quality of the products you bake in it.to bake the loaves without a pan , shape , and place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , leaving enough room between them for expansion . continue with the recipe as directed .


stuffed pretzel bites

the pig/frank in a blanket is a popular crowd-pleaser that has many renditions . in this variation we 've kept the traditional `` pig '' ( the mini hotdog ) and wrapped it in a chewy , salty pretzel `` blanket . '' your favorite mustard is our recommended dipping choice . we like adding a touch of sweet honey to a dijon-style mustard to counteract the saltiness of the pretzels and hotdogs .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
18 g non-diastatic malt powder , or 11 g sugar
1 tablespoon king arthur easy-roll dough improver ( optional , but helpful )
1 tablespoon soft unsalted butter
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g water

filling

24 mini hotdogs

water bath

1361 to 1814 g water
1 tablespoon salt , optional
64 g baking soda

topping

pretzel salt , coarse sea salt , or kosher salt

mix and knead the dough ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough is cohesive and fairly smooth . it should be slightly sticky ; if it seems dry , sprinkle it with a tablespoon or two of water . cover the dough and let it rest for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 400°f . lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) two baking sheets . if you 're not using king arthur flour 's brand , grease the parchment with vegetable oil spray to make double-sure the bites wo n't stick . prepare the water bath by combining the water , salt , and baking soda in a 10 '' to 12 '' shallow saucepan or deep skillet . the water should fill the skillet at least 1 1/4 '' deep ; adjust the amount accordingly ( no need to adjust the other ingredients ) . gently deflate the dough on a lightly greased work surface , then divide it into 24 fairly equal pieces . flatten each piece of dough into a rough 4 '' x 2 1/2 '' rectangle , and place a mini hotdog at the center of each rectangle . wrap the hotdog in the pretzel dough , pinching the ends and seam with your fingers . transfer pretzels to the prepared pans , and cover while you bring the water bath to a boil . drop the pretzel bites , six at a time , into the water bath . cook for 30 seconds , then return them to the baking sheet ( using a slotted spoon ) , and sprinkle with salt . bake the pretzel bites for 18 to 22 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown ; be sure to rotate your pans halfway through the bake time to ensure even browning . remove the pretzel bites from the oven , and cool slightly before serving with your favorite mustard . yield : 24 pretzel bites .




absolutely no-knead crusty-chewy bread

this recipe is one you 'll find yourself making over and over again . first , it 's incredibly easy . and second , just because it 's so easy — it 's fun to try variations . add seeds . substitute some whole wheat flour . what about stirring in toasted pecans ? go for it ! all you need is four basic ingredients : a bowl , a spoon , a covered crock , and a hot oven . please read all the way through this recipe before starting , including the tips at the end . there 's lots of good information along the way ; and you need to be sure you have the proper crock for baking .

602 g high-gluten flour
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
2 1/4 tsp salt
624 g cool water

place all of the ingredients in a large bowl , large enough for the dough to double in size . stir to combine . at first the dough will stick to the spoon and follow it around the bowl . but once all the flour is completely absorbed ( after about 10 seconds of vigorous stirring ) , the dough will become softer and stick to the sides of the bowl . that 's it ; you 're done stirring . cover the bowl , and set it aside to rest at cool room temperature for 10 hours . if it 's very hot and humid , leave it in the cellar , or in an air-conditioned room ; someplace that 's about 68°f to 70°f is ideal . after 10 hours , the dough should be very bubbly , and will have risen quite a bit . grease your chosen crock with non-stick vegetable oil spray , and then rub with a bit of olive oil , for flavor . be sure it 's well-greased ; the last thing you want is for the baked bread to stick in the crock . gently stir the dough down , and scoop it into the greased crock . place the lid on the crock , and let the dough rise for 2 hours at cool room temperature . towards the end of the rising time , preheat your oven to 450°f . peek at the dough before putting it in the oven ; it should be very bubbly , and nicely risen . if you do n't think it 's risen enough , give it some more time . if it rose too much , then fell , bake it anyway ; it 'll be dense , but chewy and flavorful . note that the bread wo n't rise any farther , once it 's in the oven ; what you see is what you get . it also wo n't dome , but instead will form a flat top surface . bake the bread for 45 minutes with the lid on . remove the lid and bake for an additional 4 to 5 minutes , until the top is a deep golden brown . remove the crock from the oven , and turn the bread out onto a rack to cool . please do n't slice into it until it 's just barely warm ; slicing hot bread makes it irretrievably gummy . when fresh , the crust is crisp , and the interior chewy ; as it rests , the crust will gradually become chewy , as well . if desired , refresh slices in a toaster ; or wrap gently in foil , and warm for 5 to 10 minutes in a preheated 350°f oven . store the completely cool bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

first thing to do when baking this bread ? decide on a timeframe . the dough is stirred together ; rests for 10 hours ; is put into the crock ; rises for 2 hours , and bakes for 45 minutes . so that 's just under 13 hours . it 's a good weekend bread ; stir it together friday night at about 10 p.m. ; scoop it into the crock about 8 a.m. saturday ; bake about 10 a.m. , and your bread will be baked , cooled , and ready to slice for sandwiches by noon . or get up early on saturday to stir up the dough at 6 a.m. ; put it into the crock at 4 p.m. ; bake at 6 p.m. , and serve fresh and hot from the oven at 7 p.m.variation : we 've also tried kneading this bread dough in a bread machine or mixer , rather than simply stirring it . the resulting loaf has a higher , rounder crown.we 've also used king arthur all-purpose and bread flours , but find high-gluten gives the highest rise and nicest texture . if you use all-purpose flour , reduce the water to 2 1/2 cups . for bread flour , use 2 2/3 cups water . why ? in any given yeast bread recipe , the higher the gluten level , the more liquid needed to create the desired texture .


white chocolate cinnamon rolls

are you searching for a cinnamon bun that goes beyond the basics ? this recipe features a rich white chocolate dough , swirled with two fillings : thick cinnamon , and white chocolate/cream cheese . breakfast special occasions will never be the same .

dough

301 g lukewarm milk
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
14 g soft butter
361 to 421 grams king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g white chocolate , grated

cinnamon fillilng

85 g prepared baker 's cinnamon filling or 1/2 cup sugar mixed with 1 teaspoon cinnamon

white chocolate filling

57 g softened cream cheese
113 g white chocolate , melted
additional melted white chocolate for drizzling , optional

to make the dough : combine all of the ingredients in the order listed , mixing and kneading by hand , bread machine , or stand mixer to make a smooth dough . it should be soft , smooth , and feel bouncy and elastic under your hands . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , or 8-cup measure . cover it , and let the dough rise for 60 to 90 minutes , until it 's become quite puffy , though not necessarily doubled in size . while the dough is rising , lightly grease two 9 '' round cake pans . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , and pat or roll it into a 16 '' x 12 '' rectangle . it 's a nice , soft dough , and rolls out easily . to make the white chocolate filling : mix the cream cheese and melted white chocolate . spread in an even , thin layer over the dough . add the cinnamon filling , spreading it evenly over the white chocolate layer . it 's fine if they mix together . starting with a long edge , roll the dough into a log and seal the seam well with the heel of your hand . slice into 16 even slices . evenly space the slices in two 9 '' round pans . cover lightly and let rise until noticeably puffy , 40 to 50 minutes towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and place the pan on a rack . you can ice and serve the rolls right from the pan , or turn them out for a prettier presentation . drizzle the warm buns with additional melted white chocolate , if desired ; serve warm . yield : 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

for yet another touch of decadence , sprinkle 1/2 cup cinnamon chips over the white chocolate and cinnamon fillings .


pumpkin sticky buns

these deep gold sticky buns are an autumn variation on a perennial favorite !

dough

340 g to 397 g king arthur pastry flour blend
7 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
1 teaspoon apple pie spice ( or 1/2 teaspoon each cinnamon and ground ginger + 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg )
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
425 g pumpkin
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
43 g butter

filling

21 g instant clearjel
50 g sugar
60 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g toasted pepitas or pecans , 85 g diced and toasted ( see `` tips '' , below . )
2 large eggs

glaze

57 g butter
71 g toasted pepitas or pecans
213 g brown sugar
117 g light corn syrup

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . add a bit of water if the dough seems too dry . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 hour , or until it 's puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . to make the glaze : melt the butter and pour it into two 9 '' round pans . sprinkle the toasted pumpkin seeds or pecans and the sugar over the butter , then drizzle on the corn syrup . to assemble : deflate the dough , then roll it on a floured surface into a 12 '' x 16 '' rectangle . combine the filling ingredients , and spread them onto the dough . starting with a long edge , roll the dough into a log , pinch the edge to seal it , and slice it into sixteen 1 '' pieces . place the buns in the pan , cover , and allow them to rise for 1 hour , or until puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 25 minutes , or until they 're golden brown and you see the glaze bubbling . remove the buns from the oven , and immediately turn them out of the pan ( s ) onto a serving plate to cool . store , covered , for 2 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

pepitas are green pumpkin seeds that can be found in spanish markets and well-stocked grocery stores . using the white pumpkin seeds from your halloween pumpkin wo n't work .


maple cornbread

for you southerners who decry the northern use of maple sugar in cornbread , read no further ; this is a north of the mason-dixon line aberration . but to those of you who do n't object to a dense , lightly sweetened cornbread , read on ; this is just the ticket with a bowl of chili or stew .

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
138 g yellow cornmeal
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
227 g milk , whole , skim or 2 % , your choice
71 g maple syrup
57 g melted butter
2 large eggs

preheat your oven to 425°f . lightly grease or oil an 8 '' x 8 '' square or 9 '' round baking pan . in a medium-sized mixing bowl , whisk together the flour , cornmeal , baking powder and salt until thoroughly combined . in a small bowl , or in a large measuring cup , whisk together the milk , maple syrup , melted butter and eggs . add the liquid mixture to the dry ingredients and stir just until moistened . pour the batter into the prepared pan , and bake the cornbread for about 20 to 25 minutes , until it 's lightly browned and a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean . serve warm , or store , covered , for 3 days at room temperature . freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

our thanks to reader carol stevens , who contributed this recipe .


ginger-apricot panettone

this italian holiday bread will stay fresh longer when it 's made with an overnight starter . we love substituting ginger and apricot for the more traditional candied peel .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/16 teaspoon yeast
113 g cool water

dough

all of the starter
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g potato flour
57 g lukewarm water
2 large eggs
85 g ( 3/4 stick ) unsalted butter
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia flavoring
50 g sugar
128 g chopped dried apricots
50 g diced crystallized ginger

combine the starter ingredients in a medium-sized mixing bowl , cover , and allow them to rest overnight ( 8 to 12 hours at room temperature ) . combine the starter with the remainder of the dough ingredients ( except the fruit ) , and mix and knead them togetherby hand , mixer or bread machinetill you 've made a soft , sticky dough . knead in the ginger and apricots . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a ball . place it in a panettone pan or other straight-sided , tall 1 1/2- to 2-quart pan . cover the pan and let the dough rise till it 's just crested over the rim of the pan , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 15 minutes ; reduce the oven heat to 350°f and bake for an additional 35 minutes , tenting with aluminum foil if the crust appears to be browning too quickly . remove the panettone from the oven and cool completely . dust with confectioners ' sugar , if desired .

tips from our bakers

to make citrus panettone , replace the apricot and ginger with 1 cup ( 6 ounces ) of your favorite candied peel .

for individual panettones made in our bake-and-give papers , after the first rise , divide the dough into 12 equal pieces . bake individual panettones at 375°f for 15 minutes , and at 350°f for another 8 to 10 minutes .


chocolate loves vanilla bread

looking for something chocolate for mardi gras ? here it is , two of america 's favorite complementary flavors , happily married in a tender loaf that 's rich enough to be served as is — no butter , no jam , no spread of any kind necessary . though , come to think of it , a spoonful of raspberry preserves would n't be amiss ... by chopping the chocolate chips before adding them to the vanilla-scented dough , you 'll create a fair amount of chocolate `` dust , '' which swirls itself throughout the loaf to give it a nicely marbled appearance .

dough

255 g semisweet chocolate chips
227 g milk
1 large egg
57 g unsalted butter
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
50 g sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

35 g sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoons water

place the chocolate chips in the bowl of a food processor . process until the chips are coarsely chopped , and covered with a coating of ground chocolate . set the mixture aside . to make the dough : combine all of the ingredients except the chopped chocolate , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you have a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 2 hours , or until it 's puffy and nearly doubled in bulk . lightly grease a 9 '' round cake pan . even better , lightly grease the pan , then add a 9 '' parchment round , and grease the parchment . between chocolate melting from inside , and the sugar topping ( which runs down the sides of the bread into the bottom of the pan ) , this bread tends to stick to the pan . gently deflate the dough , and knead the chips into it . shape the dough into a flat ball , and place it in the prepared pan , flattening it to reach the edges of the pan . cover the pan with a proof cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/4 to 2 1/2 hours , or until its center just crests over the height of the pan . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . to make the topping : combine the sugar , vanilla , and water , stirring until the sugar is suspended in the liquid , even if it has n't melted . drizzle this mixture over the top of the risen bread . to bake the bread : bake it for 20 minutes , tent it lightly with aluminum foil to prevent over-browning , and bake for an additional 30 to 35 minutes , or until it 's a deep golden brown and the internal temperature registers 190°f . remove it from the oven , and after 5 minutes , run a table knife around the edge of the pan , working it under the bottom a bit to loosen the bread as much as possible . carefully turn it out of the pan and transfer it to a rack to cool . cool the bread completely before cutting it . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

to make this a truly mardi gras loaf , be sure to hide a bean or a plastic baby somewhere inside before you bake it . whoever gets the bean or baby is dubbed king or queen of the party — and is on the hook for hosting the next party !


vermont harvest bread

an autumn bread made with apple cider , toasted pumpkin seeds and walnuts , this loaf makes wonderful french toast .

dough

67 g cornmeal
248 g apple cider
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
46 g olive oil ( or flavored oil , if desired )
71 g toasted pumpkin seeds
57 g toasted walnuts
1/2 teaspoon curry powder , optional
57 g maple syrup

topping

1 egg white , lightly beaten
50 g toasted pumpkin seeds

combine all of the dough ingredients— by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading to form a smooth , supple dough . if you 're not using a bread machine , place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a proof cover , and allow the dough to rise for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . shape it into a round , or oval ; or divide it into three pieces , and braid it . brush the bread with a lightly beaten egg white . coat the bread with the remaining pumpkin seeds . cover the loaf with a proof cover , or lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise for about an hour ; again , it wo n't rise much . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 35 to 45 minutes , loosely tenting it with aluminum foil if it appears to be browning too quickly . when the loaf is done , its internal temperature will be 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . the loaf may be stored well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days or frozen for 3 months .




kansas sunflower bread

rich and golden from the eggs , crunchy and nutty from the seeds and grains , this bread makes a great sandwich , and super toast . with wheat and sunflower seeds providing the dominant flavors , we 've dubbed it kansas sunflower bread .

227 g boiling water
39 g bulgur wheat
71 g sunflower seeds
25 g rolled oats
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 large eggs
25 g vegetable oil
43 g honey
11 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

in a large bowl , or in the pan of your bread machine , pour the boiling water over the bulgur . let the mixture sit until it 's lukewarm , about 15 minutes . combine — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — the bulgur with the rest of the ingredients , and knead until the dough is smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's not quite doubled in bulk . remove the dough from the bowl or from the bread machine , shape it into a loaf , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and set the loaf aside to rise until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan , 45 minutes to 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350° . bake the bread for 35 minutes or until it tests done , draping it lightly with aluminum foil , shiny side up , after 20 minutes if it appears to be getting too brown . remove the pan from the oven , and turn the loaf out onto a wire rack to cool completely . store the bread for 4 days on the counter , or up to 3 months in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

this recipe evolved from a customer who sent us a bag of her favorite bread mix with a little bit left inside . though we no longer have her letter , we know her name was audrey , and we know she was dying to recreate the mix on her own . she 'd asked the company for the recipe , and they 'd refused to part with it , so she turned to us with her plea — please , can you figure out , from the list of ingredients and the small sample , how they put together this mix ?
well , the test kitchen went to work , and came up with this loaf , which has become an all-time favorite . we hope audrey has enjoyed many homemade loaves of it since last we corresponded with her .


semolina rolls

semolina , a slightly coarser grind of durum wheat , lends a pale yellow hue and nutty overtones to these rolls . while subtle in flavor when unseasoned , adding cheese and spices makes these rolls the star at your burger cookout .

2 teaspoons sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
283 g to 312 g warm water , 105-110°f
326 g semolina
85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g dry buttermilk powder
11 g olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
57 g grated cheddar cheese , optional
3/4 teaspoon chili powder , optional
1/8 teaspoon cumin powder , optional
82 g semolina , for coating the rolls before baking

combine all the dough ingredients from the sugar to the salt and mix and knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a smooth , supple dough , adding more water or flour as needed . add the cheese and spices during the last 5 minutes of kneading . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) after the dough is kneaded , set it aside to rise , covered , for an hour , or until it 's puffy . grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet for the rolls . punch down the dough , knead it briefly and shape it into a log ; divide it into 12 equal pieces . form each piece into a smooth , round ball , roll the top surface of each ball in the semolina to coat and place , evenly spaced , on the prepared baking sheet . cover the rolls and let them rise until doubled in size , about 30 minutes . preheat your oven to 400°f . spritz the rolls lightly with water . bake them for 15 to 20 minutes , until golden brown . cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

if you 're adding the cheese to the dough , the dough should be slightly stiffer than plain roll dough.practice helps when making buns , but so does a video refresher showing you how to shape rolls .


rosemary potato rolls

these moist rolls are fantastic with chicken or egg salad for a quick and easy ( but still elegant ) summer lunch .

dough

283 g water
25 g olive oil
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
18 g baker 's special dry milk or non-fat dry milk powder
43 g potato flour or potato flakes
11 g sugar
2 teaspoons fresh or dried rosemary , crushed
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

1 tablespoon cornmeal
1 large egg , lightly beaten
2 teaspoons kosher salt

place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . select the dough or manual cycle , and start the machine . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth dough . when the cycle is complete , transfer the dough to a well-floured or lightly greased work surface . this dough is quite sticky , so be prepared with extra flour . fold the dough over several times to expel any excess carbon dioxide , then divide it into 12 equal pieces . let the pieces relax for 10 minutes or so , for easier shaping . roll each piece into a 10 '' rope ; coil each rope ( like a sleeping snake ) , and tuck in the end so that it pokes up through the middle . place the rolls about 2 '' apart on a baking sheet that 's been lightly dusted with cornmeal . cover them with a proof cover or with greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for 45 minutes , or until they 're puffy . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the tops of the risen rolls with beaten egg , and sprinkle them lightly with kosher or another coarse salt . bake them for 15 to 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and allow them to cool completely before serving . store , well-wrapped , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for longer storage .




naturally leavened brioche-style kugelhopf

kirsch-macerated raisins and sour cherries add sweetness to this traditional austrian holiday bread , naturally leavened with sourdough starter . the subtle aroma and flavor of orange blossom water offer a hint of bitter orange peel . this recipe comes to us courtesy of maurizio leo , whose blog , the perfect loaf , examines all things sourdough .

85 g dried tart cherries
85 g thompson raisins
227 g kirsch liqueur , or other cherry-flavored liqueur
185 g european-style butter
501 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
genrous 10 g salt
191 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
130 g cold whole milk
4 large eggs , cold
50 g granulated sugar
14 g orange blossom water , optional
confectioners ’ sugar , for dusting

the night before baking the kugelhopf , soak the cherries and raisins in the kirsch . use a jar that ’ s slender enough to ensure the fruit is completely submerged in the liquor . measure out the butter and cut it into 1-tablespoon chunks . let it sit on the counter at room temperature for 30 minutes , until called for at the end of mixing . drain the cherries and raisins , reserving leftover kirsch for another use , if desired . in the bowl of a stand mixer , stir together the flour and salt . in a separate bowl whisk together the mature liquid sourdough starter , cold milk , cold eggs , and sugar . set the stand mixer fitted with a dough hook to stir ( slowest speed ) , and slowly add the liquid mixture to the flour mixture over the course of 2 to 3 minutes , until incorporated . let the dough rest for 10 minutes . while the dough is resting , combine the drained fruit with the orange blossom water in a separate bowl . turn the stand mixer to medium speed and mix the dough for 8 to 9 minutes , scraping down the sides with a bowl scraper when necessary , until it starts to ball around the dough hook ( it will still stick to the bottom and slightly to the sides of the bowl ) . the dough should look smooth with no clumps , and start to display signs of elasticity . with the mixer set to medium-low speed , add the butter 1 tablespoon at a time over the course of 5 to 6 minutes . after adding the butter the dough should look elastic and shiny , with no lumps remaining . set the mixer to stir and add the fruit a little at a time , until incorporated and well distributed . transfer the dough from the mixer to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap for its bulk fermentation ( first rise ) . set the covered bowl in a warm spot , about 75°f . after the first 30 minutes of rise , use your two slightly wet hands to grab the dough at the top of the bowl , stretching it up and folding it over to the bottom of the bowl . rotate the bowl 180º and perform the same action . then , rotate the bowl 90º and repeat , stretching the dough at the top of the bowl and folding it to the bottom , and vice versa , bottom to top . the dough should now be folded into a tight little package in the center of the bowl . cover again with plastic wrap . let the dough rest for 30 minutes . repeat the above folds at 30-minute intervals for a total of four sets . after the last set let the dough rest for 30 minutes . melt 1/2 tablespoon butter and use a pastry brush to coat the entire interior of a 10-cup kugelhopf mold or 10- to 12-cup bundt pan . place a single almond at the very bottom of the mold in each “ peak. ” lightly flour the counter and , using a bench knife , dump the dough out of the bulk container onto the counter . with the bench knife and lightly floured hands , round the dough several times into a tight circle ( boule ) shape . the dough will be sticky ; rely on the knife and your floured hands to build a little more strength into the dough , so it ’ s a tight round . using your fingers , punch a hole directly in the center of the dough and stretch the hole wide enough to allow the center of the mold to push through . using the bench knife and your hand , place the dough into the buttered mold . gently pat the dough so it ’ s even around the entire mold . cover the mold loosely with plastic wrap . let the dough rise for 3 to 3 1/2 hours at 75ºf , until it reaches the rim of the mold . towards the end of fermentation , place a rack in the bottom third of the oven and preheat the oven to 400ºf . bake the kugelhopf for 30 minutes , rotating the mold halfway through . turn the oven down to 375ºf and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes , until the bread tests done . because a large portion of the dough is n't visible it can be hard to tell when the bread is done ; bake until the visible part of the dough is a deep , golden brown and the bread 's internal temperature is around 200ºf to 205ºf . keep an eye on the bread for the last 10 minutes , tenting it with foil or adjusting the bake time as necessary . remove the bread from the oven and cool it on a rack for 10 minutes . turn the bread out of the mold onto the rack and allow it to cool completely , 3 to 4 hours . dust the bread with confectioners ' sugar and serve . store any leftovers , well wrapped , at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

since this dough has no added yeast , your starter will be doing all of the rising work . make sure your starter is very vigorous and active , feeding it several times before using , if necessary .


apple cheese loaf

the combination of apples and cheese is a well-known flavor treat . this delicate tea loaf is wonderful sliced thin and spread with a very thin layer of apple butter . or , to enhance the cheese flavor , serve with cream cheese , or a cheese spread .

149 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
60 g bran cereal ( flakes or nuggets )
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
170 g butter or margarine , melted
106 g brown sugar
3 large eggs , lightly beaten
149 g peeled , finely chopped apples
85 g shredded cheddar cheese
57 g finely chopped walnuts

preheat the oven to 350°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' or 10 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , mix together the flour , bran cereal , baking powder and baking soda . set aside . in another bowl , beat the butter or margarine with the brown sugar and eggs until well combined . fold in the apple , cheese and walnuts . gently blend the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients . turn the batter into the greased pan . bake for 55 to 60 minutes , or until the loaf tests done . remove from the oven , cool 5 minutes , then turn the loaf from the pan and cool completely on a wire rack . store well-wrapped at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for 3 months .




brandy biscuits

a simple cookie flavored with brandy and fiori di sicilia for a touch of orange and vanilla . the crisp , dry yet tender texture is perfect with a cup of tea as you plan your spring garden and pour over seed catalogs . not too sweet , you 'll find yourself thinking of your noni 's easter cookies dipped in a bit of sherry for the grownups . this forgiving dough also lends itself to many different shapes so you can create your own traditions .

cookies

510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
99 g sugar
170 g brandy ( or apple juice )
57 g water
149 g vegetable oil
3/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia

glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar
dash of salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 to 2 tablespoons milk , to form a glaze consistency

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease two half sheet pans , or line with parchment . place the flour , salt , and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer . mix on low speed for 30 seconds to blend . in a liquid measure combine the brandy ( or apple juice ) , water , vegetable oil , and fiori di sicilia . pour the liquid ingredients into the dry and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes or until a soft dough forms . allow the dough to rest for 5 minutes . to shape : break off the dough in walnut-sized pieces . roll each piece into a 1/4 '' diameter rope . from here you may form rings , wreath shapes , or simple coils and knots . to form crescent horns , take two ropes and gently twist one over the other about 4 to 5 times . curve the twist until the two ends nearly meet and place on the prepared baking sheet with about 1 '' between biscuits . these do not spread much , so can be spaced fairly close together . bake the biscuits for 35 to 40 minutes or until lightly browned . the interior of the biscuit should be quite dry at this point . break one open to check the interior ; if the biscuits still seem doughy , return to the oven for an additional 6 to 10 minutes or until done inside . remove from the oven and set on a rack to cool . for the glaze : combine all the ingredients in a small bowl to a medium , pourable consistency with no lumps . when the biscuits are cooled , dip the top of each cookie in the glaze to coat . sprinkle with freshly grated orange zest or candied peel if desired .




herbed monkey bread

soft and buttery like its sweet cousin , a savory monkey bread allows the same pull-apart fun for the entree . it makes a distinctive base for a summertime breakfast strata as well .

dough

227 g water
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 teaspoons instant yeast
18 g sugar
18 g bakers ' special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
21 g butter , 18 g oil , or 21 g margarine

herb coating

32 g to 63 g olive oil ( see `` tips '' , below . )
1 tablespoon fresh stemmed thyme
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon dried oregano
14 g garlic , minced

combine the dough ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — mixing and kneading until a smooth , supple dough is formed . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . to make the herb coating : while the dough 's rising , make the coating . heat the oil in a small frying pan , and gently sauté the herbs and garlic for a minute or two . do n't brown the garlic , as it may acquire a bitter taste . set the oil and herbs aside . grease the bottom and sides of a small ( 8 '' ) tube or bundt-style pan , or a deep ( 2 '' or deeper ) 8 '' cake pan or soufflé pan . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface , and divide it into 32 small pieces , each about the size of a chestnut , and weighing approximately 3/4 ounce ( 21g ) . if you 're using a small bundt-style pan , place about one-third of the balls in the bottom of the pan . if you 're using a cake pan , put about two-thirds of the balls into it . brush the balls with the herb coating . continue to layer with the remaining balls and herb oil . ( if you 've used the greater amount of olive oil , dip each piece of dough into the oil to completely coat it . ) let the bread rise , covered , for 1 hour or until puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake for 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's golden . remove it from the oven , and invert it onto a serving platter , so the crispy bottom crust is on top . store any leftover buns , covered , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

use 3 tablespoons of oil if you simply want to drizzle the herb coating over the dough in the pan . to thoroughly coat each dough ball , use 5 tablespoons olive oil . this will give the bread a delicious crisp crust .


chewy bagels

and , the reason you 'd make your own , when bagels are for sale everywhere ? because sometimes it 's the journey that counts , more than the destination .

starter

241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
227 g water
1/16 teaspoon ( or pinch ) instant yeast

dough

all of the starter
298 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons salt
7 g non-diastatic malt powder or malted milk powder ( optional )
113 g water

glaze ( optional )

1 egg white , lightly beaten

to make the starter : combine the flour , water and yeast , mixing until well combined . cover and let rest at cool room temperature overnight . to make the dough by hand or in a mixer : combine all of the ingredients and knead vigorously , by hand for 10 to 15 minutes , or by machine on medium-low speed for about 10 minutes . the dough will be stiffer than usual ; if you 're using an electric mixer it will `` thwap '' the sides of the bowl , and hold its shape ( without spreading at all ) when you stop the mixer . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and set it aside to rise until noticeably puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . transfer the dough to a work surface , and divide it into 16 pieces , to make smallish ( 3 1/2 '' ) bagels . if you want larger bagels , divide the dough into 8 pieces . working with one piece at a time , roll it into a smooth , round ball . cover the balls with plastic wrap , and let them rest for 30 minutes . they 'll puff up very slightly . use your index finger to poke a hole through the center of each ball , then twirl the dough on your finger to stretch the hole until it 's about 1 1/2 '' in diameter . place each bagel on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , and repeat with the remaining pieces of dough . allow the bagels to rise , covered , for about 45 minutes . while the bagels are rising , place a steamer rack in a wide pan ; a canning kettle works well here . or try your electric frying pan and a small cooling rack , if you have one ; if you have a round cooling rack , it may fit into your electric fry pan . add a couple of inches of water ( to the canning kettle ; less to the frying pan , and heat just to a simmer . preheat your oven to 400°f . transfer the bagels , four at a time if possible , to the rack . increase the heat under the pan to bring the water up to a gently simmering boil . steam the bagels for 90 seconds . using a turner and your fingers , gently remove the bagels from the steam and place them back on the baking sheet . repeat with the remaining bagels . to add seeds or toppings : brush the bagels with beaten egg white , and apply the seeds of your choice . bake the bagels for 20 to 25 minutes , or until they 're as deep brown as you like . remove the bagels from the oven , and cool completely on a wire rack . store , bagged , for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

onion-topped bagels
bake unglazed bagels for 20 to 22 minutes ( or until they 're almost as brown as you like ) , and remove the pan from the oven , keeping the oven turned on . working with one bagel at a time , glaze as instructed above , and sprinkle with minced , dried onion . return the bagels to the oven for no more than 2 minutes ( the onions will burn if the bagels are left in longer than that ) .cinnamon-raisin bagels
knead about 2/3 cup of raisins into the dough towards the end of the kneading process . just before you 're done kneading , sprinkle your work surface heavily with cinnamon-sugar ( which you 've made by combining one part cinnamon with 12 parts sugar ) , and give the dough a few more turns ; it 'll pick up the cinnamon-sugar in irregular swirls . divide the dough into eight pieces , form each piece into a ball , and roll each ball in additional cinnamon-sugar . proceed to let rest and shape as directed above.we 've seen bagel-store bagels in varieties as diverse as jalapeno pepper , spinach and cheese , and marbled rye . you can make bagels with just about any kind of bread dough . to retain the characteristic chewy texture , just be sure to make a dough that 's low in fat and quite stiff , and follow the shaping , rising , steaming and baking techniques above .


10-grain orange bread

whole grains can be earthy and filling , but this bread contains a slight sweetness and hint of orange that lightens the flavors . it marries well with turkey , particularly if you 're one of the people who loves turkey sandwiches with a dollop of cranberry sauce in the filling .

454 g water
245 g six-grain blend
11 g active dry yeast or 2 teaspoons instant yeast
14 g salt
50 g oil
2 large eggs , beaten
1 tablespoon grated orange rind ( or up to 1/2 teaspoon orange oil )
170 g honey or 106 g brown sugar
723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

bring 1 1/2 cups water to a boil , add the cereal , cover and let sit until the temperature reaches 110°f , about 1 hour . heat the remaining 1/2 cup water to 110°f and combine it with the yeast , in a large bowl , to soften . add the cereal mixture , salt , oil , eggs , orange rind ( or oil ) , honey , and 2 cups of flour . beat vigorously for two minutes . gradually add enough remaining flour , a little at a time , to make a dough stiff enough to knead . turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead , adding flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . put dough into an oiled bowl , turning once to make sure the entire ball is coated with oil . cover with a towel , and let rise until doubled , about 1 hour . grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' or three 8 '' x 3 '' pans . turn the dough out onto a work surface . divide the dough into halves or thirds , depending on the pans you chose . shape dough and place in the pans . cover with a lightly greased plastic wrap or a dough-rising cover and let rise until puffy , about 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake for 30 to 35 minutes , or until they test done . immediately remove bread from pans , and cool completely on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for up to a week , or freeze for up to 3 months .




rye soda bread

when this soda bread came out of our test kitchen , it was a big hit with practically everyone who took a bite ( or three , or five ) . the moist crumb counterbalances the crunchiness from the grains and seeds , and the slight sweetness complements the subtle earthiness of the whole grains . if you prefer the more traditional flavor of rye , we recommend you add the optional caraway seeds ; we like the bread both with and without .

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g pumpernickel flour
110 g irish-style wholemeal flour
113 g harvest grains blend
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
7 to 14 g caraway seeds , optional ; for traditional rye flavor
99 g vegetable oil
57 g maple syrup
454 g buttermilk
142 g currants or raisins

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' loaf pan or a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . combine the flours , harvest grains blend , baking soda , salt , and seeds in a large bowl . in a separate bowl or measuring cup , whisk together the oil , maple syrup , and buttermilk . pour the liquid ingredients into the dry , stirring just until blended . fold in the currants or raisins . transfer the batter to the prepared pan , smoothing the top with a spatula . bake the bread for 70 to 75 minutes ( 60 to 65 minutes for a 9 '' x 5 '' pan ) , tenting it with foil if the top becomes too dark ; a toothpick inserted into the center should come out clean . remove the bread from the oven . after 10 minutes , turn it out onto a rack to cool completely . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

you may notice some green spots when you slice into this loaf after it 's cooled . do n't panic ; these spots are sunflower seeds that have chemically reacted with the baking soda while in the oven . the bread is perfectly safe and tasty to eat.if our irish-style wholemeal flour is n't a pantry staple in your home , our premium 100 % whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour are fine substitutes . to make soda bread muffins : divide the batter evenly among 12 lightly greased muffin cups . bake for 16 to 18 minutes , until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean . remove the muffins from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn them out onto a rack to cool .


american-style panettone

ah , panettone ! that ubiquitous ( at christmas ) sweet bread of milan , golden , high-rising , studded with citron and citrus peel - yuck ! if that 's your reaction , it 's probably because a ) you have n't had a good panettone , made the traditional way with a starter , or b ) you just do n't like citron and candied peel . if this reaction ( and its possible causes ) is yours , read on . we often use a biga ( overnight starter ) when making ciabatta or other italian loaves ; we feel it helps bring out the wheat flavor in breads that might otherwise seem a bit plain . but in a sweet bread , loaded with sugar , butter and fruit - who needs a biga ? well , as it turns out , panettone made with a biga has a moist , fine texture , and rises better than anything with that amount of sugar and fat has a right to . though the dough still needs a big kick of instant yeast , the biga gives it the strength to take off and rise , despite the sugar and fat doing their best to retard the whole process . and as for the fruit : our version uses our favorite combination of dried fruits : no citron , no peel . and , instead of the traditional tall , round loaf pan , which often results in a raw center and burned crust , we suggest the use of a tube or monkey bread pan , such as we use here . read our blog about this holiday bread , with additional photos , at flourish .

biga

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g cool water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

3 large eggs
113 g unsalted butter , cut into about 10 chunks
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
67 g sugar
5 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons vanilla
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fiori di sicilia , to taste
1 1/2 cups ( about 255 grams ) dried fruit , chopped if large

biga : combine the flour , water and yeast , kneading briefly to make a stiff dough ; if you 're using a bread machine , allow the dough to knead for 5 minutes , then cancel the machine . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rise overnight , about 12 hours . it 'll become bubbly . dough : in the bowl of an electric mixer ( or in the pan of your bread machine ) , combine all of the ingredients except the dried fruit . note : this dough is very difficult to make by hand ; we suggest the use of a machine of some sort . knead the dough till it 's cohesive ; it 'll seem very gummy at first , but should come together nicely at the end . do n't worry if it does n't form a smooth ball ; it 's ok if it sticks to the sides of the bowl a bit . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , and allow it to rest for an hour . it wo n't rise much ; that 's ok. knead the fruit into the dough , by hand or machine ; knead only until the dough accepts the fruit , as over handling will cause the fruit to release too much sugar into the dough , slowing the rise . allow the dough to rest for 10 minutes , then shape it into a round ball . poke a hole in the center of the ball . slip the dough over the ring of a lightly greased 9 '' to 10 '' tube pan or monkey bread pan . cover the pan , and set the dough aside to rise for 2 hours or so . it probably wo n't double in size , but will puff up a bit ; do n't worry , this bread 's oven spring is quite good . bake the panettone in a preheated 350°f oven for 25 to 40 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil for the final 15 minutes of baking if it appears to be browning too quickly . there 's a wide time-range here due to the difference in center diameters of monkey bread and tube pans ; the smaller the diameter , the longer the bread will bake . the internal temperature of the dough should register 190°f to 205°f when it 's done , so use an instant-read thermometer to check . if you do n't have a thermometer , poke a cake tester into the center ; it should come out dry , without any crumbs or wet dough clinging to it . remove the panettone from the oven , and after about 5 minutes turn it out of the pan . brush with melted butter , if desired , for a soft , buttery crust . ccool on a rack . sprinkle with confectioners ' sugar just before serving , if desired .

tips from our bakers

we like to fill panettone with our fruitcake blend , a mix of apricots , raisins , pineapple , dates , and cranberries , which we feel is more `` user friendly '' than the traditional dried citron and candied peel . for a tropical twist , try our tropical fruit blend : dried pineapple , papaya , and mango , mixed with big flakes of lightly toasted coconut .
citrus-vanilla fiori di sicila ( `` flowers of sicily '' ) is the traditional flavoring for panettone . substitute lemon oil or about 2 teaspoons grated lemon rind , if desired . saf gold instant yeast , formulated for sweet doughs , is a good selection here . if you use regular instant yeast , you may need to increase the rising times a bit.to make small , gift-sized panettone , divide the dough into 4-ounce pieces , round into balls , and place in 10 lightly greased mini panettone paper pans . allow to rise as directed at left , and bake for about 20 minutes , tenting with foil after 15 minutes .


apple-cranberry toasted bread pudding

tangy , creamy , and sweet , this quintessential autumn dessert is adapted from a recipe by susan reid , editor of our print newsletter , `` the baking sheet . ''

142 g sturdy white bread , crusts removed and bread toasted
43 g unsalted butter
227 g milk
2 large eggs
78 g boiled cider or thawed frozen apple juice concentrate
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
50 g sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt**
113 g diced fresh apples , peeled or not
25 g fresh or frozen cranberries ; or 1 1/4 ounces dried cranberries
sparkling white sugar or maple sugar , for topping
whipped cream flavored with maple syrup or maple sugar , to garnish
* try king arthur 's classic white sandwich bread .
**increase to 1/4 teaspoon if using unsalted butter .

preheat the oven to 325°f . use 1 tablespoon of the butter to grease a small ( 1-quart ) casserole , an 8 '' round pan , or four 8 to 10-ounce ramekins ; our individual pie slice pans work well . tear the toasted bread into small cubes , and place it in a mixing bowl . heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter with the milk until the butter melts , and pour over the bread . soak for 10 minutes . beat together the eggs , boiled cider , cinnamon , sugar , and salt . stir in the diced apples and cranberries . pour into the prepared dish ( es ) , and sprinkle the tops with sparkling or maple sugar , if desired . bake the pudding ( s ) until golden brown and set , about 30 to 40 minutes ( less for individual pans ) . remove from the oven and serve warm , with whipped cream , if desired . yield : 4 servings .




ham & cheese brioche

this savory take on france 's classic soft , light bread is a nice change from your typical breakfast pb & j toast . cheese-scented dough , studded with bits of ham , bakes into a golden , buttery loaf , perfect not only for the aforementioned toast , but for the best french toast ever .

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 tablespoon sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
32 g vermont cheese powder
1 tablespoon instant yeast
2 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved
57 g lukewarm water
142 g unsalted butter**
227 g ham , diced
*do n't want to use chese powder ? see tips , below .
**reduce the salt to 1 teaspoon if you use salted butter .

in a stand mixer or bread machine ( programmed for dough ) , mix together all of the ingredients except the ham to form a smooth , shiny dough . do n't worry ; what starts out as a sticky mess becomes beautifully satiny as it kneads . this dough takes longer than most to develop , so be prepared to let the dough knead for up to 15 to 20 minutes in a stand mixer . also , we do n't recommend trying to knead it by hand . once the dough is fully kneaded , knead in the ham . if you 're using a bread machine , add the ham about 5 minutes before the end of the kneading cycle . let the dough remain in the machine for an additional 60 minutes , once it 's completed its cycle ; then refrigerate as directed below . form the dough into a ball ( it 'll be very soft ) , place it in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and it let rise for about 2 hours at cool room temperature ; it wo n't seem to change much , but do n't worry . refrigerate the dough for several hours , or overnight . this will allow fermentation to slowly continue ; and will chill the butter , making the dough easier to shape . remove the dough from the fridge , and place it on a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface . it 'll feel very stiff and clay-like . shape it into a long ( 28 '' ) log . it 's best to work as quickly as possible ; the warmer the dough gets , the stickier it is , the more challenging it is to work with . lightly grease a 9 '' round cake pan . coil the log into the pan in a spiral . cover the pan , and let the shaped brioche rise for 2 to 3 hours , until it 's come to room temperature and nearly reached the edges of the pan . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . brush the brioche with the reserved egg white , which you 've mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water . this will give it a shiny crust . bake the brioche for 20 minutes . reduce the oven temperature to 350°f ; gently tent the loaf with foil , and bake for an additional 35 to 40 minutes , until the loaf is golden brown ( peek under the foil ) , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers at least 200°f . remove the brioche from the oven , and very carefully slip it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . serve warm , or at room temperature ; refrigerate any leftovers , tightly wrapped . reheat before serving ; a toaster or toaster oven works well here . yield : one 9 '' round loaf .

tips from our bakers

for a good-looking , tasty loaf with great texture , we recommend using cheese powder , rather than freshly grated cheese . if you do n't want to mail order our vermont cheese powder , other types of cheese powder can often be found in your supermarket alongside the canned grated parmesan/romano cheeses , in the pasta aisle . but use 1 cup diced or grated fresh cheddar or parmesan , if you like . we found that adding chunks of cheese made the dough lumpy and challenging to shape ; and grated cheese gave it a speckled crust ; but either is tasty.it pays to use full-flavored smoked or baked ham in this bread ; save the pale , boiled deli ham for sandwiches .


no-knead oat bread

plan ahead for this easy bread ; an overnight or all-day rise gives it terrific flavor .

71 g brown sugar
482 g sir lancelot unbleached hi-gluten flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g soft butter
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or king arthur white whole wheat flour
142 g old-fashioned rolled oats ( not quick-cooking )
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
510 g cool water

put all of the ingredients into a large bowl . stir , then use your hands ( or a stand mixer ) to mix up a sticky dough . continue to work the dough enough to incorporate all the flour , or beat for several minutes in a stand mixer . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let it rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 8 hours ; it will become bubbly and rise quite a bit , so be sure your bowl is large enough . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface . to make a single loaf , choose a 14 '' to 15 '' long lidded stoneware baker ; a 9 '' x 12 '' oval deep casserole dish with cover ; or a 9 '' to 10 '' round lidded baking crock . see `` tips , '' below . shape the dough to fit , and place it in the lightly greased pan of your choice , smooth side up . cover and let rise at room temperature for about 1 hour , until dough has become puffy and fills the pan about 3/4 full . garnish by sprinkling a handful of oats on top , if desired . if baking a round loaf , slash a hash mark pattern ( # ) on top . place the pan into a cold oven . to keep the bread 's bottom crust from burning , set the rack in the middle , not at or near the bottom . set the oven temperature to 450°f . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes , until the bread is deep brown , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn out onto a rack , and cool before slicing .

tips from our bakers

for best results , use a heavy-duty crock or baker with a light-colored interior ; uncoated cast iron is n't a good choice , as its dark surface can easily burn the bread 's bottom crust . likewise , a lightweight pan can brown the crust too quickly .


whole grain sticky buns

these sweet and tender buns are no ordinary breakfast pastry . their filling is lightly spiced with cinnamon and nutmeg , and their topping is a gooey , rich caramel with a touch of orange . studded with pecans and packed with whole grains , this is a bun that 's sure to please everyone .

dough

227 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or sprouted wheat flour
21 g potato flour , optional ; for moist texture
14 g baker 's special dry milk , or nonfat dry milk
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g butter , softened
43 g honey
1 large egg
142 g lukewarm water

topping

57 g butter , melted
57 g whole milk
64 g honey
106 g brown sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon grated orange rind ( zest ) , optional
57 g whole pecans

filling

57 g butter , softened
53 g brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
pinch of salt
35 g chopped pecans

weigh your flour ; you 'll find its weight by toggling to ounces or grams at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure it by gently spooning it into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , stirring until everything comes together . knead the dough until smooth , adding additional water if needed — the dough should be soft and supple . cover the dough and allow it to rise for 1 to 2 hours , or until puffy , but not necessarily doubled in bulk . while the dough is rising , prepare the topping and filling . to make the topping : set a saucepan that 's at least 4 '' deep over medium heat and add the butter . heat the butter until it 's melted , then stir in the remaining topping ingredients , except the pecans . bring the mixture to a boil , stirring constantly . turn the heat to low and continue to boil the topping until it 's glossy and slightly thickened , 3 to 4 minutes longer . pour the topping into a lightly greased 8 '' square pan and sprinkle the pecans evenly on top . to make the filling : combine all the ingredients except the chopped pecans and stir until blended . beat the filling on high speed of a stand or handheld electric mixture for 3 minutes until light and fluffy . to assemble the buns : gently deflate the dough on a lightly floured work surface . roll or pat it into a 9 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread the filling evenly onto the dough then sprinkle on the chopped pecans , leaving a bare 1 '' margin along one of the short edges . starting with the filling-covered short edge , roll the dough into a log , pinching the edge to seal . slice the log into 9 equal pieces . place the buns into the prepared pan , leaving about 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' in between them ; they wo n't fill the pan completely . cover the pan , and let the buns rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour ; they should be noticeably puffy . near the end of the rising time preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for 26 to 30 minutes , tenting them with foil towards the end if they appear to be browning too quickly . the finished buns will be a deep golden brown and the filling will be bubbling up around the edges of the pan . remove the buns from the oven and allow them to cool in the pan for 5 minutes . loosen the buns from the edges of the pan then carefully ( the caramel is very hot ! ) turn the buns out onto a serving plate , scraping any extra topping and nuts from the pan back onto the buns .

tips from our bakers

for pure cinnamon flavor , substitute an extra 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon for the nutmeg in the filling , and omit the orange in the topping.want to prepare these rolls the night before , then bake them in the morning ? cover the shaped rolls , and place them in the fridge without letting them rise . they 'll rise overnight . next morning , remove the rolls from the fridge , let them rest at room temperature while you preheat the oven , then uncover and bake as directed .


pizza braid

somewhere between a stromboli and a calzone , this braid is the latest way to get your pizza fix . the flavor-packed dough envelops a hot , cheesy , saucy filling , which can be enhanced with any of your favorite pre-cooked pizza toppings .

dough

177 to 206 g pizza flour blend or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional ; for enhanced flavor
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning , or herb blend of your choice
14 g vermont cheese powder , or 28 g grated cheddar or parmesan cheese
25 g olive oil
152 g lukewarm water

filling

74 g pizza sauce , homemade or store-bought
113 g grated mozzarella or pizza cheese blend
57 g to 113 g of your favorite pre-cooked , thinly sliced pizza toppings

weigh out your flour ; you ’ ll find its weight by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure it by gently spooning it into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . combine all the dough ingredients , starting with the lesser amount of flour , and mix and knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until it 's smooth , shiny , and elastic , adding more flour or water if necessary . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and cover the bowl . allow the dough to rise for 1 to 2 hours , until it 's puffy . gently deflate the dough , and roll it out into a 10 '' x 15 '' rectangle . rolling on parchment paper makes moving the bread to the baking sheet much , much easier . lightly press two lines down the dough lengthwise , to divide it into 3 equal sections . leaving 3/4 '' of dough bare at each end , spread the pizza sauce down the center section of the dough , and top with the cheese and pepperoni . fold the end over the filling at each end of the dough . to form the braid , cut 1 '' crosswise strips down the length of the outside sections , making sure you have the same number of strips down each side . beginning on the left , lift the top dough strip and gently bring it across the filling diagonally . repeat on the other side with the top dough strip , so that the two strips crisscross each other . continue down the entire braid , alternating strips to form the loaf . transfer the braid to a large baking sheet , cover it , and allow it to rise for 45 to 60 minutes , or until it 's quite puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the braid for 25 to 30 minutes , or until it 's golden brown . remove the braid from the oven , and allow it to cool on the pan slightly before cutting and serving hot or warm . store any leftovers , well-wrapped , in the refrigerator for 3 to 5 days . reheat in a 350°f for 5 to 15 minutes , until the cheese is melted again .

tips from our bakers

need help with the shaping technique for this loaf ? see our step-by-step video , how to make a filled braid .


heart of winter loaf

this robust loaf is great alongside stew or a hearty soup .

dough

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour
71 g oat flour or ground oatmeal
32 g golden flax meal*
35 g baker 's special dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
397 g lukewarm water
*or substitute 1/3 cup additional whole wheat flour + 2 tablespoons vegetable oil .

topping

1 large egg white , lightly beaten
artisan bread topping , or the seeds of your choice

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , mixing and kneading to form a smooth , sticky dough . cover the dough , and let it rise for about an hour ; it should become puffy . divide the dough in half , and shape each half into a 10 '' oval loaf . place the loaves on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the pan , and allow the loaves to rise for about 90 minutes , or until they 've increased in size by about one-third . just before baking , brush with a lightly beaten egg white , then sprinkle with seeds . slash each loaf diagonally three times . bake the loaves in a preheated 400°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes , or until the interior registers 200°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . store fully cooled bread at room temperature , well-wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

to bake this loaf on a stone : place the shaped loaves on parchment paper . preheat the oven with the stone on the middle rack . when the loaves are ready , brush them with the egg white and sprinkle them with the artisan bread topping . transfer the loaves on parchment to the hot stone ( sliding the parchment and loaves from the back of baking sheet to the stone is an easy way to do this ) , and bake according to the recipe instructions .


bread bowls

ideal for chili , a thick , hearty soup or stew , these bread bowls are more than recyclable — they 're delicious !

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
163 g semolina
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
7 g non-diastatic malt or 2 teaspoons sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
340 g water

combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 to 1 1/2 hours . divide the dough into five pieces , and form them into round ( not flattened ) balls . place them on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover lightly , and set them aside to rise in a warm place for 1 1/2 hours , or until they 've almost doubled in size . uncover the balls and let them sit for 10 to 15 minutes , to develop a tough skin . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . just before placing the bread bowls in the oven , mist them heavily with water . bake the bread bowls for 18 to 22 minutes , until they 're a deep , golden brown . turn off the oven , prop the door open a little , and leave the bread bowls inside for 15 minutes ; this will keep the crust crisp . remove the bread bowls from the oven and cool them completely before cutting the tops off and removing the insides . store for 3 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

you can reserve the insides to make bread crumbs .


no-knead fruit and nut bread

this bread , full of wholesome goodness , takes just minutes of hands-on preparation . but with all the grains , seeds , nuts , and fruit that go into it , it will taste like you spent hours crafting it .

425 g warm water
113 g golden raisins
113 g harvest grains blend
170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
177 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1 tablespoon whole grain bread improver , optional ; for a better rise
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon saf red instant yeast
85 g chopped pecans or walnuts

in a large bowl , combine the water , raisins , and harvest grains blend . let sit for at least 3 hours , or overnight . the next day , whisk together the flours , whole grain bread improver , salt , and yeast . add to the water/fruit mixture ; stir to blend . use your hands to fold the dough over in the bowl until the flour is incorporated . add the nuts , and knead the dough for a minute or two , until the nuts are evenly distributed ; it will be slightly sticky . let the dough rest at room temperature , covered , for 3 hours . turn it over a few times , cover , and refrigerate for at least 8 hours , or overnight . shape the dough into a log , and place it in a well-greased over-sized terra cotta bread pan or 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover and let rise at room temperature for about 3 to 4 hours , until noticeably puffy ; this loaf 's not a high-riser . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 60 to 70 minutes , until it 's golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center registers about 200°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : one loaf .




grilled asparagus stromboli

when is a pizza not a pizza ? when it 's stromboli . when is asparagus more than just asparagus ? that 's right , when it 's in stromboli . stromboli takes the flavorful crust of pizza and literally wraps it up with delicious fillings , like our grilled asparagus and onions and warm , melted cheese . served in slices to be dipped in garlic oil or your favorite marinara , it 's a real crowd-pleaser .

stromboli dough

2 teaspoons instant yeast
198 to 255 g warm water
25 g garlic oil ( or olive oil )
361 g king arthur unbleached all purpose flour
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor ( optional but good )
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

grilled asparagus & onion filling

454 g fresh asparagus
1 large onion , roughly chopped
113 g shredded cheese ( mozzarella , provolone , or a blend )
garlic oil or olive oil for brushing crust
1 small jar artichoke hearts , drained . ( optional )

place all dough ingredients in the bucket of your bread machine and program for the dough cycle . or make the dough using a stand mixer , or your hands : mix , knead , and let rise till puffy . 2 ) wash and trim the asparagus , removing any woody stems . toss the spears and the onion pieces with garlic or olive oil . on a preheated grill or in a 350°f oven , grill or roast the vegetables until they are just tender and browned . the tips of the spears and onion pieces will be caramelized . remove from the heat , add salt and pepper to taste , and set aside to cool slightly . take the risen dough and roll it out to a 10 '' x 15 '' rectangle . spread the shredded cheese on the dough , leaving a 1 '' border all around . add the grilled veggies in an even layer . beginning on one of the 15 '' sides , roll the dough up as you would a jelly roll or cinnamon buns . seal the ends and seams well , and place on a parchment-lined sheet pan . rub the surface well with garlic or olive oil , and cover with plastic wrap . rise the stromboli for 30-45 minutes or until quite puffy . bake the stromboli in a preheated 400°f oven until deep golden brown . cool for 5-10 minutes before slicing and serving with marinara for dipping . yield : one large stromboli , about 14 servings .

tips from our bakers

stromboli is very versatile . change the filling ingredients to match your tastes and pantry . pepperoni , sun-dried tomatoes , herbed goat cheese , salami , even grilled broccoli all make great stromboli ; try your favorite combo . leftovers freeze well and are easy to reheat wrapped in foil on your grill or in the oven .


baguette pan baguettes

the first goal of every budding artisan bread-baker is a crusty , flavorful baguette . let this recipe be the starting point on a journey that may last for quite a long time — the `` perfect '' baguette is a goal pursued by even experienced bakers . just remember — the pleasure is in the journey , not the destination ! this recipe will yield excellent flavor and texture every time you experiment .

poolish ( starter )

184 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g cool water ( approximately 60°f )
a pinch of instant yeast

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
2 teaspoons salt
all of the poolish
170 g cool water ( approximately 60 & deg'f )

poolish : combine the flour , water and yeast ; mix until well-blended . let the poolish rise , covered , at cool room temperature for 12 to 24 hours . it should dome slightly on top , and look aerated and bubbly . try to catch it before it starts to fall , as it will be at its optimum flavor and vigor when it 's at its highest point . mixer method : place the flour , yeast and salt in the bowl of your mixer . pour some of the water around the edges of the poolish in its container to loosen it . pour the poolish and water onto the flour . using the flat beater paddle , mix the dough on low speed for 3 minutes , adding more flour or water if necessary to bring the dough together . the dough should look a little sticky , but should clean the sides of the bowl . switch to the dough hook , knead for 4 minutes , cleaning the dough from the hook at the 2-minute mark . bread machine method : place the flour , yeast and salt in the bucket of your bread machine . pour some of the water around the edges of the poolish in its container to loosen it . pour the poolish and water onto the flour . program the machine for dough and press start . check the dough after about 10 minutes of kneading ; add more flour or water if needed to create a sticky dough . to mix by hand : in a large bowl , combine the dough ingredients with the poolish . stir until the dough begins to come together . oil your hands and use a dough scraper to knead the dough right in the bowl - this will help knead the dough without adding too much flour . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl ( or oil your mixer bowl , and leave it in there ) . cover the bowl , and let the dough rise for 2 hours , folding it over after the first hour ( or more frequently , if the dough is very slack or wet ; this folding helps strengthen the gluten ) . divide the dough into three pieces and gently pre-form it into rough logs . let it rest for 20 minutes , and then shape it into baguettes . proof the baguettes , covered , on your baguette pan until they 're puffy looking , 30 to 40 minutes . preheat your oven ( and your baking stone , if you have one ) to 450°f . just before putting the loaves into the oven , slash the tops several times . hold your knife at a 45° angle to the dough 's surface , and slice quickly and decisively , about 1/2-inch deep . spritz the loaves with water and place them in the oven . bake the loaves for 20 to 25 minutes . remove the loaves from the oven when they 're a deep , golden brown , and transfer them to a rack to cool .

tips from our bakers

if desired , you may create more steam in the oven by spraying water into it twice during the first 5 minutes of baking . this extra moisture will help to create a crackly-crisp crust .


zwieback

crunchy , ultra-light zwieback toast has been a favorite of teething babies for years . add a layer of cinnamon-sugar to the toasts as they bake , and you 've made trenary toast , a specialty of the trenary home bakery in michigan 's upper peninsula . the cinnamon version of zwieback also mimics finnish korpu , if you 're partial to those tasty toasts . read our blog about zwieback , with additional photos , at flourish .

482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
46 g sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
57 g butter , softened or cut into pats
1 large egg
227 g lukewarm milk
50 g cinnamon-sugar , for sprinkling , optional

combine all of the dough ingredients ( everything except the cinnamon-sugar ) , and mix and knead to form a smooth , soft , somewhat sticky dough . cover the dough , and allow it to rise till it 's quite puffy , about 2 hours . divide the dough in half . each half will weigh just under 16 ounces . shape each half into a 12 '' log , and place on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover the logs , and allow them to rise for about 90 minutes , till they 've expanded ( though they wo n't have doubled in bulk ) . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 22 to 24 minutes , till it 's a deep , golden brown , and its temperature at the center is at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and allow it to cool on a rack . let it rest at room temperature overnight ; do n't cover it . next day , cut the loaves into 1/2 '' slices . lay the slices on two ungreased or parchment-lined baking sheets . bake the slices in a preheated 200°f to 225°f oven for 1 hour . remove the pans from the oven , and turn all the pieces over . for cinnamon toasts , sprinkle about 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon sugar evenly over the top surface of each toast . return the pan to the oven , and bake for an additional 1 hour , or until the toasts are very dry and crisp . remove from the oven , and cool completely . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature . yield : 4 dozen toasts .

tips from our bakers

some of our taste-testers preferred the stronger flavor of 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg . if you 're not a fan of that spice ( or if you 'll be feeding these mainly to kids ) , use just 1/4 teaspoon .


classic beer bread

raise your hand if beer bread was the first type of bread you learned to bake ! this classic recipe , with its four simple ingredients , requires nothing more than a bowl , spoon , pan , and oven in the way of tools . beloved of busy bakers everywhere , the bread is moist , nicely dense and chewy , perfect for toast and sandwiches .

340 g king arthur unbleached self-rising flour
14 g to 50 g sugar , to taste
57 g melted butter , divided
340 g beer

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . mix the flour , sugar , 3 tablespoons of the melted butter , and the beer , stirring until fairly smooth ; do n't worry about a scattering of small lumps . spoon the batter into the prepared pan , smoothing the top . drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter . bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes , until a toothpick inserted about 1/2 '' into the top of the loaf comes out clean , or with a few moist crumbs clinging to it . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack to cool . wait until the bread cools completely before slicing . store airtight at room temperature .

tips from our bakers

why the large range of sugar ? because you can make this bread as sweet as you like . using 1 tablespoon of sugar will yield a bread with a mere hint of sweetness ; 4 tablespoons will make bread that 's noticeably sweet = — though not so sweet you ca n't use it for sandwiches . can you make this bread with whole wheat flour ? yes , but it 'll be denser . here 's our suggestion for a good compromise : substitute whole wheat flour for half the self-rising flour , adding 1 teaspoon baking powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt to the recipe.need a side dish really quickly ? pour the batter into 12 greased muffin cups , and enjoy mix and bake muffins in just 25 minutes or less ! for muffins , fill the muffin cups 2/3 full . bake until muffins spring back when pressed lightly in the middle , about 14 to 18 minutes ; their tops will stay pale . muffins are best enjoyed warm from the oven.do n't care for beer ? substitute 1 1/2 cups ( 12 ounces ) plain seltzer water.want to make this recipe vegan ? substitute 2 tablespoons vegetable oil for the butter in the batter ; omit the butter topping .


malted wheat flake bread

with a nubbly texture and unique , malty flavor , this bread makes delicious sandwiches , and is a great accompaniment to your favorite cheese .

361 g king arthur sir lancelot unbleached hi-gluten flour or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
234 g king arthur whole grain flour blend
113 g malted wheat flakes
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon instant yeast
510 g cool water

put all of the ingredients into a large bowl . stir , then use your hands ( or a stand mixer ) to mix up a sticky dough . continue to work the dough enough to incorporate all the flour , or beat for several minutes in a stand mixer . cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let it rest at room temperature for about 8 to 16 hours ; overnight is fine . it 'll become bubbly and rise quite a bit , before falling back ; so be sure your bowl is large enough . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface . to make a single loaf , choose a 14 '' to 15 '' long covered baker ; a 9 '' x 12 '' oval deep casserole dish with cover ; or a 9 '' to 10 '' round bread baking crock . to make two loaves , lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a large baking sheet . shape the dough to fit , and place it in the lightly greased pan of your choice , smooth side up . for two loaves , divide dough in half , shape each into an oval loaf , and place on the prepared baking sheet . cover and let rise at room temperature for about 1 hour , until dough has become puffy and fills the pan about 3/4 full . if baking in a lidded crock or pan that directs you to place the pan in a cold oven , place the pan in the oven , set the oven temperature to 450°f , and bake the bread for 45 to 50 minutes . remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 15 minutes , until the bread is deep brown , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . to bake in a pan that does n't require starting in a cold oven , preheat the oven to 450°f , and bake for about 45 to 50 minutes , removing the lid of the pan after 30 minutes . the finished loaf will be a deep , golden brown , and its center will register about 205°f . for two loaves on a baking sheet , bake in a preheated 450°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes , until bread is a deep , golden brown , and the center registers about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn out onto a rack , and cool before slicing . yield : 1 large or 2 smaller loaves .




no-knead cheese bread

this recipe is a perfect introduction to working with yeast . it goes together in a snap — no kneading necessary — and yields a flavorful , golden brown loaf with a pretty yellow interior . its slightly chewy texture works well for sandwiches and toast .

71 g finely minced onion or 21 g dried minced onion
3 to 4 large cloves garlic , minced or 14 g jarred minced garlic
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
4 g pizza dough flavor ( optional , but very good )
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
227 g cheddar , provolone , or swiss cheese , shredded or diced*
2 large eggs
283 g milk
*the shredded cheese will disappear into the crumb , while the diced cheese will create little pockets of melted cheese . we used half shredded , half diced .

if using raw onion and garlic , sauté them until they 're golden brown , then set them aside to cool . you can skip this step if using the dried onions and jarred garlic . lightly grease a 2-quart round casserole dish or 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a large bowl , whisk together the flour , pizza dough flavor , yeast , and salt . stir in the onions , garlic , and cheese . in a separate bowl , whisk together the eggs and milk . add the liquid to the flour mixture and beat well for 2 to 3 minutes ( the batter will be thick ) . scoop the batter into the prepared pan . cover the pan and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until nearly to the top of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the bread for 40 to 50 minutes , until golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted in the center reads at least 190°f . this loaf browns quickly ; check it after the first 20 minutes , and tent it with foil as soon as it begins to brown . remove the bread from the oven , and serve warm , or at room temperature . store at room temperature , well-wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




pecan wheat bread

this loaf features the rich flavors of both wheat and pecans . make it start to finish in your bread machine , or let the machine do the initial work , then take it out and bake it in your regular oven . either way , it 's a winner .

2 teaspoons instant yeast
255 g water
43 g dark brown sugar
28 g butter
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
113 g diced pecans or walnuts

to bake in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for the basic cycle , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , adding additional water or flour to form a soft , smooth ball of dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . cool the bread completely before serving . to bake in an oven : program your bread machine for the dough or manual cycle . when the cycle is complete , remove the dough , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 to 45 minutes , or until it 's a deep golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and let it cool on a rack . store completely cooled bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

can you make this bread without a bread machine ? of course . simply mix and knead the dough by hand ( or using a mixer ) , and follow the directions above for rising , shaping , and baking .


spring sweet bread

here 's a tropical twist for your easter or springtime bread basket .

dough

57 g butter
227 g milk
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
67 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs plus 1 yolk ( save the white for glaze )
1 1/2 teaspoons buttery sweet dough flavor or 1/8 teaspoon coconut flavor or 1/4 teaspoon orange oil or fiori di sicilia
1 cup ( 5 ounces ) king arthur flour tropical fruit blend , or a mixture of your favorite dried fruits

topping

50 g sugar
39 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g butter

melt the butter with the milk and let the mixture cool to lukewarm . combine the milk mixture with the remaining dough ingredients , except the fruit , and mix and knead to make a soft dough . knead in the fruit . allow the dough to rise , covered , for 1 1/2 hours , or until it becomes puffy and nearly doubles in size . deflate the dough . divide it into six pieces , shaping each into a ball ; or divide dough in half , shaping each half into an 8 '' log . place in six lightly greased 1 3/4-cup rectangular bakers , or two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans . let rise , covered , for about 1 1/2 hours , till crowned about 1 '' over the rims of the pans . just before the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . beat the reserved egg white , and brush over the tops of the loaves . mix the topping ingredients until crumbly , and sprinkle on top . bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , until lightly browned . remove from the oven , turn out of the pans , and cool completely on a rack . for prettiest presentation , return small loaves to their pans just before serving . yield : 6 small loaves or two full-size loaves .




the easiest loaf of bread you 'll ever bake

this recipe was printed on the back of our king arthur flour bags for years . it truly is a wonderfully simple bread , crusty outside and tender within .

11 g sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
454 g warm water
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
659 g to 723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
cornmeal

add the sugar and yeast to the warm water and let them dissolve . gradually add the salt and flour to the liquid and mix thoroughly until the dough pulls from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a floured surface to knead . fold the far edge of the dough back over on itself towards you . press the dough away with the heels of your hands . after each push , rotate the dough 90° . repeat this process with a rhythmic , rocking motion for about 3 minutes . let the dough rest while you scrape out and grease a mixing bowl . knead the dough for about 3 more minutes , until it 's bouncy and smooth . place the dough in the bowl and turn it over once to grease the top . cover it with plastic wrap or a damp towel , and let it rise until it 's doubled in bulk , about 1 to 2 hours . gently deflate the dough and briefly knead out any gas bubbles . cut it in half and shape each half into an italian or french-style loaf . place the loaves on a baking sheet generously sprinkled with cornmeal . let them rest for 10 minutes . for light , crusty bread , let the loaves rise for 45 minutes , or until puffy . preheat the oven to 450°f towards the end of the rising time . pour 2 to 3 cups of boiling water into a roasting pan and carefully place it on the lowest rack of the oven . place the bread on an oven rack above the pan , and bake for 20 minutes . turn the heat off and allow the bread to remain in the oven for 5 more minutes . remove from the oven and cool the bread on a rack . to bake quickly : right after you shape them and give them a 10 minute rest , lightly slash the tops three or more times diagonally and brush with cold water . place on a middle rack in your cold oven . turn the heat to 400°f , and bake for 35 to 40 minutes , until the crust is golden brown and the loaf sounds hollow when you thump it . store , well-wrapped , for 2 days on the counter . freeze for up to a month .




monkeying around bread

this is the simplest , most basic of all monkey ( pull-apart ) breads . it 's a great introduction to this fun style of loaf , and a great place for kids to start baking with yeast .

topping

99 g granulated sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon

dough

113 g lukewarm water
14 g vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 teaspoon salt
14 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

to make the topping : blend the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl , or shake them together in a small lidded container . set aside . to make the dough : stir together the water , vegetable oil , egg , salt , sugar , and yeast in a medium bowl . add 1 cup of the flour , stirring to blend . add the second cup of flour , stirring to make a cohesive dough . let the dough rest for 5 minutes ; this gives the flour a chance to absorb the liquid , making it easier to knead . knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until it 's soft and smooth . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover it , and let the dough rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it 's doubled in size . gently deflate the dough , and place it on a clean , lightly greased work surface ; a silicone mat works well here . divide it into pieces about 1 1/2 '' in diameter ; you 'll make 16 to 18 pieces . lightly grease an 8 '' round cake pan or 9 '' tube pan . dip each dough piece in water , then roll it in the cinnamon-sugar mixture to coat . place the pieces in a single layer in the prepared pan . sprinkle any remaining cinnamon-sugar over the top . cover the pan , and let the bread rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until it 's visibly puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the pan , and bake the bread for 25 to 30 minutes , until it 's golden brown and feels set . remove the bread from the oven , and immediately turn the pan over onto a cooling rack . lift the pan off the bread , and scrape any leftover topping in the pan onto the bread . pull the bread apart to serve . serve warm , or at room temperature . store any leftovers , well wrapped , at room temperature for a couple of days ; freeze for longer storage .




tuscan-style bread with herbs

this large , rustic loaf can be sliced for sandwiches , or cut into chunks to serve with pasta . any leftovers can be cubed and toasted into croutons — win-win-win !

2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning ( or 1/2 teaspoon each dried oregano , basil , marjoram , and thyme )
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
340 g lukewarm water
482 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead to make a smooth , very soft dough . put the dough in a greased bowl or other container , cover , and let it rise at room temperature for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy though not necessarily doubled . after the first rise , deflate the dough , form into a round or a long loaf , and place on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet ; or on a piece of parchment , if you 're going to bake on a pizza stone . cover the loaf with greased plastic wrap , and let it rise for 30 to 45 minutes , until noticeably puffy . while the loaf is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . if you have a pizza stone , place it in the oven while it preheats . when the bread is almost doubled , remove the plastic , slash the top in a decorative pattern , and bake for 30 to 35 minutes , until the center measures 190°f when measured with a digital thermometer . remove from the oven and cool for 30 minutes before slicing .

tips from our bakers

in tuscany , bread is traditionally served with salty partners like olives , pecorino romano and parmesan cheeses , or salt-cured meats like prosciutto . while tuscan bread is traditionally made without salt , we find that saltless bread tends to taste flat to most americans ; thus we add salt here .
as a result of reader feedback , as of 7/10/17 we 've increased the flour in this recipe from 3 1/4 cups to 4 cups ( 17 ounces ) . the greater amount of flour makes the dough easier to handle , without noticeably affecting the bread 's light texture .


spoon bread two ways

spoon bread is a classic side dish , especially popular in the southern united states . soft and custard-like with the mild crunch of cornmeal , spoon bread can be served for breakfast , lunch or dinner . one version of spoon bread features roasted red peppers , spicy jalapeños , and plenty of good , sharp cheddar cheese . try it alongside grilled chicken , or as a hearty breakfast topped with an over easy egg . our second version features cream cheese and chives , for a more mellow side dish .

basic spoon bread

227 g milk
43 g cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt

spicy spoon bread

43 g diced onion
43 g diced roasted red peppers
43 g diced pickled jalapeños
113 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese
2 large eggs , lightly beaten

milder spoon bread

113 g cream cheese , softened
21 g fresh chives , minced
2 large eggs , lightly beaten
1 tablespoon butter , for topping

preheat the oven to 400°f . butter a 1-quart oven-safe baking dish . in a medium-sized saucepan , whisk together the milk , salt , and cornmeal . cook over medium heat , stirring constantly for about 5 minutes , until the mixture thickens to a pudding-like consistency . let cool for 5 minutes while you choose and prepare the ingredients for either the spicy red pepper or the cream cheese and chive version . to make the spicy version : stir 1/2 cup of the shredded cheddar cheese , the onion , red peppers , and jalapeños into the basic spoon bread batter . add the eggs . stir well and pour/spoon into the buttered baking dish . top with the remaining 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese . pour into prepared pan . to make the mild version : stir the softened cream cheese into the basic spoon bread batter . stir in the chives and eggs . pour the mixture into the prepared pan , and dot with the tablespoon of butter . to bake : bake either version for 25 to 30 minutes . the top and sides will be browned and the center will be just set . spoon bread is much softer than regular corn bread , so avoid over-baking . yield : 4 to 6 servings .




lemon buns

these buns are the quintessential hot yeast bun — but with an unexpected and refreshing jolt of lemon . the lemon elevates them beyond ordinary dinner rolls to something special : tea or breakfast rolls , perfect for spreading with homemade preserves . tender and buttery , with a crisp , golden crust , they 're distinctly and assertively lemon , but not sweet : a new and interesting concept in baked goods . these are simply awesome with raspberry jam !

dough

113 g lukewarm water
170 g lukewarm milk
113 g unsalted butter , melted
1 large egg
1/4 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest
2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon sugar
510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

glaze

43 g unsalted butter , melted
1/8 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zest

to make the dough : combine all the ingredients — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to make a smooth , soft dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for about 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy , though it may not have doubled in bulk . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and divide it into 20 pieces . allow the pieces to rest , covered , for 10 minutes . round the dough into balls , and place them in two lightly greased 9 '' round cake pans . cover the pans , and allow the buns to rise for about 1 hour , or until they 're nice and puffy and have filled the pan . while the buns are rising , combine the glaze ingredients , and set aside . preheat the oven to 375°f . brush the buns lightly with half the glaze . bake them for 30 to 35 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . remove the buns from the oven , and brush them with the remaining glaze . store for 3 days on the counter , or freeze for up to a month .




whole wheat cranberry-orange loaf

not every holiday bread is sweet , despite the evidence produced by endless variations on egg- and sugar-rich fruit breads . the following dense , chewy country loaf , studded with pecans and cranberries and scented with orange , features the toasty , nutty flavor of whole wheat , and the tang of orange and cranberry tempered by a touch of honey .

sponge

1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
64 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
64 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
76 g water

dough

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
298 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
7 g king arthur whole-grain bread improver
39 g vegetable oil
85 g honey
76 g water
57 g orange juice
1/8 teaspoon orange oil
113 g chopped toasted pecans
99 g cup fresh or frozen cranberries , very coarsely chopped ; or 113 g sweetened , dried cranberries ( see `` tips '' , below . )

to make the sponge : in a large mixing bowl , the bowl of an electric mixer , or in the pan of your bread machine , combine the sponge ingredients , mixing until smooth ; it will be stiff . cover the bowl and allow the sponge to rest for 2 to 10 hours , at your convenience . to make the dough manually or with a mixer : add all of the ingredients , except the pecans and cranberries , to the puffy sponge . mix until a rough dough forms , then knead ( about 10 minutes by hand , 5 to 7 minutes by machine ) until the dough is somewhat smooth ; since this dough is made almost entirely from whole wheat , it wo n't be nearly as supple and silky as a white-flour dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour . it 'll become somewhat puffy , but wo n't double in bulk . to make the dough in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients except the pecans and cranberries into the pan of your bread machine ( atop the puffy sponge ) , program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle ; it should be stiff but fairly smooth . adjust the dough 's consistency as necessary with additional water or all-purpose flour . allow the machine to complete its cycle . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and knead in the pecans and cranberries . there 's a lot of fruit and nuts here , so do n't be discouraged when it appears it does n't all want to go into the dough ; just keep pushing it in and kneading , and eventually it 'll all be incorporated . shape the dough into a flattened 6 '' round , place it on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , and allow it to rise for 2 hours , or until it 's noticeably expanded , though not doubled in bulk . bake the bread on the middle rack of a preheated 350°f oven for 45 to 50 minutes , tenting it lightly with aluminum foil midway through the baking time if it appears to be browning too quickly . the interior temperature will be between 185°f and 200°f when the bread is done . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

use fresh or frozen cranberries if you enjoy their very assertive tart flavor ; use sweetened dried cranberries for a milder effect .


christmas stollen

as a traditional german fruitcake with a profound history , it 's no wonder that there are as many variations of stollen as there are people who make it . this version includes a rich filling of almond paste ( or marzipan ) , which adds to the decadence of the bread-like cake . stollen 's dense butter and sugar coating makes it an excellent candidate for preparing ahead of the busy holiday season , wrapping , and giving to friends and family up to 2 weeks later .

fruit

454 g fruitcake fruit blend
74 g orange juice or rum

dough

1 tablespoon instant yeast
170 g warm water
1 large egg
113 g unsalted butter , softened
35 g baker 's special dry milk
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground mace
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
1 tablespoon grated lemon zest
71 g chopped toasted almonds

filling

191 g almond paste or marzipan

topping

28 g melted butter
baker 's special sugar
confectioners ' sugar

to prepare the fruit : combine the fruits and orange juice or rum , cover , and set aside at room temperature for up to 12 hours . to prepare the dough : using a stand mixer , mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients ( except the almonds ) to make a smooth , soft dough . cover the dough and let it rise until puffy , about 60 to 90 minutes . to make the filling : divide the marzipan into three pieces and shape each into a flattened 7 '' log . to assemble the stollen : knead the fruit and almonds into the dough . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , divide it into three pieces , and shape each piece into an 8 '' x 6 '' oval . place one piece of marzipan down the longer center of each oval , and fold dough over it lengthwise , leaving the top edge of the dough just shy of the bottom edge . press the top edge firmly to seal it to the dough below . place the loaves on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover them , and let them rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until puffy . while the stollen are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f , with a rack in the upper third . bake the stollen for 30 to 35 minutes , until golden brown and its internal temperature reads 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the stollen from the oven , and brush them with melted butter . after 5 minutes , dust with baker 's special ( superfine ) sugar and/or confectioners ' sugar . transfer to a rack to cool completely . wrap airtight and store at room temperature for up to 2 weeks . freeze for longer storage . yield : 3 stollen .

tips from our bakers

substitute almond paste for the marzipan , if desired.if you 've frozen the stollen , you may need to dust them with sugar again , once they 're thawed .


olive and onion fougasse

this dense , chewy , highly flavored bread is wonderful served as is , but dip it in olive oil for a special treat .

poolish ( starter )

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

113 g water
120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
25 g olive oil

filling

106 g pitted kalamata olives
39 g golden baking onions ( `` french-fried '' onions )

to make the poolish : combine the flour , water and yeast , and set aside to rest , covered , overnight . to make the dough : add the 1/2 cup water and flours to the poolish , mix until combined , cover the bowl , and allow the mixture to rest for 20 minutes . add the yeast , salt and olive oil , and knead the dough until it 's fairly smooth but not necessarily elastic , about 3 minutes by machine , or 5 minutes by hand . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise , at room temperature , for 1 1/2 hours , gently deflating it and turning it over after 45 minutes . knead in the olives and onions ; this will be a messy process , but just stick with it ( literally ! ) , and it 'll get done . shape the dough into a 12 '' x 6 '' oval , place it on a lightly greased baking sheet , and allow it to rise for about 30 minutes . cut three deep diagonal slashes , all the way through the dough , in the center of the loaf , and pull it apart to form a ladder shape . allow it to rise for another 30 to 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the fougasse for 20 minutes , or until it 's starting to brown . remove from the oven , and cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .




danish cheese buns

these tender rounds ooze melted cheese when you break them open . made in a danish aebleskiver pan , they 're a delightful appetizer , or accompaniment to salad or soup .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 teaspoons pizza seasoning , optional*
2 teaspoons pizza dough flavor , optional but tasty
57 g melted butter
2 large eggs
454 g milk
12-ounce block of cheese cut into about 40 cubes , about ½ '' to ¾ ''
*add your favorite blend of herbs , minced onions , or chives in place of the pizza seasoning , if desired .

whisk together the flour , baking powder , salt , pepper , pizza seasoning , and pizza flavor . set the mixture aside . whisk together the butter , eggs , and milk , and add to the dry ingredients , stirring just until the batter is evenly moist and thoroughly combined . place the jam bun ( aebleskiver ) pan on the stove . allow it to preheat over medium heat for several minutes . grease each well of the pan by adding a dab of butter , or removing from the heat and spraying with non-stick spray . scoop about 1 tablespoon of batter into each of the wells . let the batter cook for about 2 minutes , then use a small spoon to place a cheese cube into the middle of the batter . the batter will rise over the cheese—add a bit of extra batter if needed . when the bottoms are set and golden brown , flip the buns over—a table knife or chopstick works well here cook until the second side is also golden , an additional minute or two . remove from pan , and serve warm . yield : about 40 buns .

tips from our bakers

it 's a good idea to bake one test bun first , in order to figure out exactly how hot you need the burner to be in order to cook the buns all the way through without burning them .


water bagels

the bagel is a breakfast classic , and great ones are hard to find . if you do n't live near a bakery , or if you just like the challenge of making your own , the following recipe should get you started .

dough

11 g active dry yeast or instant yeast
454 g lukewarm water
35 g instant malted milk powder or non-diastatic malt powder
25 g sugar
14 g salt
690 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

water bath

1814 g water
18 g instant malted milk powder or non-diastatic malt powder
14 g sugar

to make the dough : in a large bowl , mix all of the ingredients , then knead until smooth , using your hands , an electric mixer , or a bread machine set on the dough cycle . shape the dough into a ball , place it in a lightly greased bowl covered with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow it to rise until doubled in bulk , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . for the water bath : put the water into a large , shallow pan ; it should be about 3 '' deep . add the malt and sugar . bring the water to a boil while you 're shaping the bagels . preheat the oven to 425°f . divide the dough into 16 pieces . working with one piece of dough at a time , shape it into a ball . poke a hole through the center with your index finger , and twirl ; the dough will form a ring . place the bagels on a parchment-lined baking sheet as they 're shaped . once all the bagels are shaped , reduce the boiling water bath to a very gentle simmer . starting with the first bagels you shaped , gently transfer 3 or 4 at a time to the water bath ; do n't crowd them . simmer them for about 30 seconds on each side , then return them to the baking sheet . bake the bagels for 20 minutes , or until they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool them on a rack . serve bagels warm or at room temperature . store at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

you can use a doughnut cutter to make bagels ; it 's an easy , quick method to shape nice-looking bagels . divide the dough in half . working with one half at a time , roll the dough out to a 9 '' circle , and cut as many bagels as you can . gather the scraps and cut more bagels ; you should end up with 8 to 10 . repeat with the remaining piece of dough .
after you 've boiled the bagels , and before you bake them , you may sprinkle them with sesame seeds , poppy seeds , caraway seeds , everything bagel topping , coarse salt , or whatever you wish . bagels brushed with a bit of beaten egg white before topping will be shinier , and hold onto their topping better .
to make flavored bagels , add ingredients to the dough before kneading . bits of cooked spinach or fresh chive or garlic , diced onions , cinnamon ( up to 1 teaspoon ) , and raisins are all popular.if you 'd like fresh bagels for breakfast , mix and shape the dough the night before . immediately cover and refrigerate . in the morning , turn on the oven and bring the water to a boil , then remove and follow the boiling and baking as above . the bagels will not need to warm up or rise any further .


no-knead everything bread

an overnight rest develops this bread 's flavor , and strengthens its gluten-it effectively `` kneads '' itself !

dough

510 g cool water
659 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
2 teaspoons salt
18 g everything bagel topping
25 g olive oil

topping

1 tablespoon everything bread and bagel topping

mix the dough ingredients in a large bowl to make a sticky dough . or beat in a stand mixer for 3 minutes . cover with plastic wrap , and let rest at room temperature overnight , or for at least 8 hours ; the dough will become bubbly and rise quite a bit , so make sure it 's in a large bowl . turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface , and form it into a log or round loaf to fit your 14 '' to 15 '' long lidded stoneware baker , or 9 '' to 10 '' round lidded baking crock . place the dough in the lightly greased pan , smooth-side up . cover and let rise at room temperature for about 2 hours , until a slight indentation remains when you poke it with your finger . just before baking , spritz or brush the dough with water and sprinkle with about 1 tablespoon everything topping over the dough . make several 1/2 '' deep slashes in a decorative pattern to allow the bread to expand . place the bread in a cold oven , and set the temperature to 450°f . bake the bread for 50 minutes , then remove the lid and continue to bake for another 5 to 10 minutes , until it 's deep brown in color , and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers about 205°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it onto a rack , and cool before slicing .




mona 's braided onion loaf

soft and tender , rather than crisp and chewy , it 's a nice addition to a dinner breadbasket . filling each strand of the braid makes for a flavorful and beautiful loaf.this makes one giant ( 18 '' ) braid , or two smaller loaves , if you like .

dough

170 g warm water ( 110°f )
113 g milk
510 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g butter or 50 g vegetable oil
1 large egg

filling

57 g butter , melted
227 g finely chopped onions , or 57 g dried minced onions
1 teaspoon garlic powder or 14 g fresh minced garlic
1 teaspoon paprika
25 g parmesan cheese , grated

topping

1 large egg yolk mixed with 14 g water
28 g poppy , sesame , caraway or mixed seeds

combine all of the dough ingredients — using your hands , a mixer or a bread machine — until it 's smooth and supple . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . to make the filling : in a medium-sized saucepan , sauté the onion and garlic in the butter until the onions are soft and golden brown . remove the pan from the stove , allow it to cool to lukewarm , then stir in the paprika and cheese . set it aside . to assemble the bread : turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled or lightly floured work surface . roll it into an 18 '' x 12 '' rectangle , and cut it lengthwise into three 18 '' x 4 '' strips . ( see `` tips '' , below . ) place a row of filling down the middle of each strip . fold the strips over , use the heel of your hand to seal the edges , then roll into logs , sealing the ends . this is a very extensible ( stretchy ) dough . the logs will try to become very long as you roll them , but try to keep them within a few inches of their original length . braid the logs and place the braid on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . cover lightly and allow the loaf to rise for 1 hour . preheat the oven to 375°f . beat the egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water and brush the loaf all over with the egg wash. sprinkle it with the seeds of your choice . bake the braid for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's deep brown and sounds hollow when thumped on the bottom , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into a thick part of the bread ( but not into the filling ) registers 200°f or higher . store the bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

this could easily be made into two smaller loaves . when you make your original cuts in the dough , simply make one additional crosswise cut , so you have six 9 '' x 4 '' rectangles ( instead of three 18 '' x 4 '' ) . proceed as directed above , making two loaves . you may want to reduce the baking time slightly .


chocolate-cherry brioche

this buttery brioche is packed with dried sweet cherries , chunks of chocolate , and tons of flavor .

dough

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
35 g granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
1 teaspoon almond extract
3 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved for topping
57 g lukewarm water
113 g butter , room temperature preferred

filling 1

113 g semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chips or chocolate chunks
113 g dried sweet cherries

filling 2

39 g confectioners ' sugar
11 g cocoa powder , preferably dutch-process cocoa

topping

1 large egg white ( reserved from dough ) lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water
2 to 3 tablespoons swedish pearl sugar or coarse white sparkling sugar

in a stand mixer or in a bread machine , mix together all of the ingredients to form a smooth , shiny dough . do n't worry ; what starts out as a sticky mess becomes beautifully satiny as it kneads . if you use a stand mixer , this dough takes longer than most to develop , so be prepared to let it knead for up to 15 minutes . a bread machine will mix and knead this dough perfectly using the dough cycle . we do n't recommend trying to knead brioche dough by hand ; it 's simply too sticky . if you 're using a bread machine , add the chocolate chunks and dried cherries about 1 minute before the end of the kneading cycle . let it complete its entire dough cycle , then cover the bucket with plastic wrap , and refrigerate the dough for several hours , or overnight . if you 've kneaded the dough in a stand mixer , add the cherries and chocolate at the end , form it into a ball ( it 'll be very soft ) , place it in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and it let rise for 1 hour . then refrigerate the dough for several hours , or overnight . refrigeration will slow the fermentation and chill the butter , making the dough easier to shape . remove the dough from the refrigerator , and place it on a lightly floured work surface . shape the dough into a 24 '' log . flatten it out so it 's about 6 '' to 7 '' wide . do n't try to make it perfectly even ; it 'll look ragged . make the filling by whisking together the confectioners ' sugar and cocoa . brush the dough with milk or water , and sprinkle the sugar/cocoa filling evenly over the dough . starting with a long end , roll the dough into a long log . lay the log in a lightly greased 9 '' round cake pan that 's at least 2 '' tall . you can coil it into the pan , or simply make it into a circle . pinch the dough together where the ends meet . cover the pan , and allow the brioche to rise for 2 to 3 hours , till it 's quite puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush the risen brioche with the beaten egg white , and sprinkle with the pearl sugar or coarse white sugar . bake the brioche for 20 minutes . tent it with aluminum foil , and bake for an additional 30 to 35 minutes , until it 's golden brown and its interior registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the brioche from the oven , and after about 5 minutes loosen the edges , and carefully turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : one 9 '' brioche .




cheese burger buns

soft , golden buns , with the merest hint cheese , are perfect for burgers ( of course ) , or any kind of sandwich , from tuna salad to italian cold cuts to grilled portobellos . read our blog about these cheese buns , with additional photos , at flourish .

170 g lukewarm water
57 g butter
1 large egg
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g sugar
39 g vermont cheese powder or 3 ounces grated parmesan cheese or the finely grated cheese of your choice
3/4 to 1 1/4 teaspoons salt*
1 teaspoon onion powder , optional but good
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
butter for brushing on top
*use 3/4 teaspoon salt if you use cheese powder , 1 1/4 teaspoons salt if you use grated fresh cheese

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , somewhat tacky dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or other container large enough to allow it to at least double in bulk , cover , and let it rise for about 60 to 70 minutes , till it 's just about doubled . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and divide it into 8 pieces . round each piece into a smooth ball , and place on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . gently flatten the balls to about 3 '' diameter . cover the buns and let them rise till they 've expanded nicely , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . brush each bun with melted butter . bake the buns till they 're a light , golden brown , about 18 minutes . remove the buns from the oven , and brush them with butter again . place them on a rack to cool . yield : 8 big buns .

tips from our bakers

using cheese powder in these buns will give them a lovely , smooth , golden crust . using freshly grated cheese will make the crust appear speckled , due to the fat in the cheese and how it browns . for the prettiest crust , use cheese powder . cabot makes cheese powder ; look for it in your supermarket , if you do n't want to purchase cheese powder at kingarthurflour.com.when making yeast rolls or bread , let the dough rise to the point the recipe says it should , e.g. , `` let the dough rise till it 's doubled in bulk . '' rising times are only a guide ; there are so many variables in yeast baking that it 's impossible to say that bread dough will always double in bulk in a specific amount of time .


cilantro scallion rolls

with a bit of bite from the greens against a mellow , honey-tahini background , these rolls are strikingly pretty , completely dairy-free , and unusual enough to get attention at any meal .

dough

227 g water
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
14 g sugar
25 g sesame oil
269 g to 298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
18 g potato flour or mashed potato flakes

filling

35 g tahini
21 g honey
35 g sesame seeds
64 g sliced scallions
18 g coarsely chopped cilantro

garnish

18 g sesame seeds , white and black

for the dough : in a large bowl or the pan of your bread machine set on the dough cycle , combine the water , yeast , salt , sugar , and sesame oil . whisk together 1 cup of the flour with the potato flour or potato flakes , and add to the water . add the remaining flour and mix until a soft dough forms ( or start the bread machine ) . adjust the dough 's consistency by adding water or flour by the tablespoon as needed . knead the dough for 6 minutes in a mixer at medium speed , or 8 to 10 minutes by hand . the dough should be soft and smooth , but not stick to your finger when lightly touched . cover the mixing bowl or transfer the dough to a greased 8-cup container and let the dough rise for about an hour , until doubled . if using a bread machine , simply let it finish its cycle after checking the consistency . to make the filling : mix the tahini , honey , and sesame seeds together until no lumps remain . stir in the scallions and cilantro . to shape the rolls : deflate the dough and roll it out on a lightly floured surface to a 10 '' x 16 '' rectangle . spread the filling over the dough , leaving 1/2 '' on each of the long sides bare . roll the dough up from the long side and pinch edges together . using a sharp knife or dental floss , slice the dough into 12 pieces . place the rolls , cut side up , on a parchment-lined baking sheet 1/2 '' apart . cover with greased plastic wrap and let rise for 20 minutes while you preheat the oven to 350°f . once the rolls have risen enough to look puffy , brush the tops with water and sprinkle with the mixture of black and white sesame seeds . bake for 20 to 25 minutes , until golden brown . remove from the oven and serve warm .




dutch oven dinner rolls

soft and tender on the inside , crispy on the bottom , these are not your ordinary dinner rolls . we 've used a dutch oven to achieve these decadently buttery , dual-textured buns that are clear winners when it comes to either sopping up leftover juice from an extravagant holiday roast or dipping into a warming bowl of soup .

dough

177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or 177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
50 g buttermilk powder , 35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
14 g non-diastatic malt powder or 25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
227 g lukewarm water
57 g soft unsalted butter
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

57 g unsalted butter , divided

to make the dough : weigh the flours ; you ’ ll find their weight by toggling to “ ounces ” at the top of the ingredient section above . or measure by gently spooning into a cup , then sweeping off any excess . combine all the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set to the dough cycle — until a soft , smooth dough forms . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover , and allow it to rise until almost doubled in bulk , about 90 minutes . to prepare the topping : while your dough is rising , set a 4 to 5 quart dutch oven over medium-low heat . add 3 tablespoons of butter to the pot and heat until melted . remove the pot from the stove and set aside . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface . divide the dough into 12 pieces and shape each piece into a smooth ball . place the rolls into the pot on top of the melted butter . cover the pot with its lid and let the rolls rise until they fill the pan , 45 to 60 minutes . towards the end of the rising time preheat the oven to 400°f . transfer the covered pot to the oven , and bake the rolls for 15 minutes . remove the lid from the pot , and bake the rolls for another 8 to 10 minutes , until golden brown . remove the pot from the oven , and set it on a rack to cool . melt the remaining tablespoon of butter , and brush over the warm rolls in the pot . serve the rolls warm or at room temperature . store the rolls , well wrapped in plastic , for several days at room temperature ; freeze for longer storage .




poppy seed rolls

these are tiny 2 '' rolls like the ones that you find in restaurants . they have a touch of sweetness from the brown sugar , and are especially delicious when served piping hot . you can certainly make larger rolls or loaves as well ; if you choose to make larger breads , the only adjustment you need to make is in the baking time . a 4 '' roll will take about 25 minutes , while two standard loaves will take 35 to 40 minutes .

454 g warm water
21 g active dry yeast
106 g light brown sugar
35 g baker 's special dry milk ( see `` tips , '' below . )
18 g salt
35 g poppy seeds
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
340 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour

pour the water into a large bowl . sprinkle the yeast on top and stir with a whisk until dissolved . add the brown sugar and 1 cup of the all-purpose flour . let this sit for about 10 minutes , to give the yeast a chance to get started . stir the dry milk , the salt , the poppy seeds and 1 cup of the unbleached flour together and add to the yeast mixture . stir until well combined . add the rest of the flours , a cup at a time , stirring well after each addition , until the dough has pulled away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it , adding more flour as necessary , until the dough is smooth . place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap . place the bowl in a warm , draft-free spot and let rise until it is puffy , 1 1/2 to 2 hours . punch the dough down and turn it out onto a floured counter . divide the dough into two equal pieces and roll each into a rope 24 '' long . cut each rope into 24 1 '' pieces . roll each piece into a round ball and place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . the rolls need to be 2 '' apart . spray the rolls with water and let rise for about 30 minutes , until they 're a little swollen . preheat the oven to 400°f while the rolls are rising . bake the rolls for 15 to 20 minutes , or until well-browned and baked through . cool on racks . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 2 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

the dry milk is optional ; you can omit it , or use 1 cup of milk in place of one of the cups of water . you may wish to scald the milk first to inhibit any enzymes in the milk that may interfere with yeast activity .


p.j . 's cinnamon-swirl bread

you know how homemade cinnamon swirl bread always falls apart when you cut it ? the culprit is the sugar and/or butter that you spread on the dough before rolling . if you roll your dough out and sprinkle it with just cinnamon and a touch of sugar , your loaf will hold together much better .

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
39 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
28 g unsalted butter , cut into pieces
255 g warm water
14 g cinnamon mixed with 14 g sugar

to make the dough in a bread machine : put all of the ingredients ( except the cinnamon-sugar ) into the bucket of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer , program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . examine the dough about midway through the kneading cycle ; it should be smooth , not gnarly . adjust the consistency with additional water or flour , as needed . allow the machine to complete its cycle . to make the dough manually or with an electric mixer : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , or the bowl of your electric mixer , combine all of the ingredients ( except the cinnamon-sugar ) and , using your hands , a spoon , or your mixer , mix until they form a shaggy mass that begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl let the mixture rest , covered , for 20 minutes ; this gives the gluten time to relax and the flour a chance to absorb the liquid , meaning you 'll use less flour when you 're kneading the dough ( which translates into a better-textured , higher-rising bread ) . knead the dough , by hand or mixer , until it 's become fairly smooth , adding additional water or flour if necessary . knead for an additional 2 minutes or so , if you 're kneading by hand and you feel the dough is n't quite smooth enough . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl , turning to coat all sides . cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until it 's noticeably puffy , about 1 hour . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and let it rest for 5 minutes . pat or roll it into an 8 '' x 15 '' rectangle , and sprinkle it evenly with the cinnamon-sugar . starting with a short end , roll the dough into a tight log . tuck the ends under , and place the loaf , seam side down , in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . drape the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap ( or cover it with an acrylic dough-rising cover ) , and let the dough rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's risen about 1 '' over the top of the pan . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread in a preheated 375°f oven for 35 to 40 minutes , or until it tests done . tent the bread with aluminum foil the final 10 minutes of baking , if it 's getting too brown . remove the bread from the pan and cool it completely on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days on the counter , or freeze for up to 3 months .




stuffing bread

this moist loaf tastes like stuffing ; use it as the base for your thanksgiving turkey 's dressing , or to make wonderful turkey sandwiches the next day .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons sugar
4 g vegetable oil
35 g yellow cornmeal
46 g potato flour or potato flakes
18 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g midget sunflower seeds
35 g toasted sesame seeds
2 teaspoons bell 's seasoning or 2 teaspoons ground sage
1 tablespoon king arthur whole-grain bread improver
283 g water

to make the dough in a bread machine : put all of the ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine . program for dough or manual , and start the machine . check the dough after about 15 minutes ; it should be smooth-looking . if not , adjust the consistency with additional flour or water . allow the machine to complete its cycle . to make the dough by hand : combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead until cohesive and smooth . allow the dough to rise in a covered bowl for 1 hour . shape the dough into a log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . set the loaf aside to rise , covered , for about 45 minutes , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for about 35 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and the interior of the loaf registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove it from the oven , and cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




easy hot cross buns

this soft dough is easily shaped , and makes tender , aromatic buns , ready for an icing cross on top .

buns

57 g apple juice or rum
78 g mixed dried fruit
78 g raisins or dried currants
283 g milk , room temperature
2 large eggs , plus 1 egg yolk ( save the white for the topping )
85 g butter , room temperature
2 teaspoons instant yeast
53 g light brown sugar , firmly packed
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves or allspice
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon baking powder
539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

1 large egg white , reserved from above
14 g milk

icing

128 g confectioners ' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
pinch of salt
4 teaspoons milk , or enough to make a thick , pipeable icing

lightly grease a 10 '' square pan or 9 '' x 13 '' pan . mix the rum or apple juice with the dried fruit and raisins , cover with plastic wrap , and microwave briefly , just till the fruit and liquid are very warm , and the plastic starts to `` shrink wrap '' itself over the top of the bowl . set aside to cool to room temperature . note : if you worry about using plastic wrap in your microwave , simply cover the bowl with a glass lid . when the fruit is cool , mix together all of the dough ingredients ( including the eggs and the egg yolk from the separated egg ) ; hold out the fruit for the time being . knead the mixture , using an electric mixer or bread machine , until the dough is soft and elastic . it 'll be very slack , sticking to the bottom of the bowl and your hands as you work with it ( greasing your hands helps ) . mix in the fruit and any liquid not absorbed . let the dough rise for 1 hour , covered . it should become puffy , though may not double in bulk . divide the dough into billiard ball-sized pieces , about 3 3/4 ounces each . a heaped muffin scoop ( about 1/3 cup ) makes about the right portion . you 'll make 12 to 14 buns . use your greased hands to round them into balls . arrange them in the prepared pan . cover the pan , and let the buns rise for 1 hour , or until they 've puffed up and are touching one another . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . whisk together the reserved egg white and milk , and brush it over the buns . bake the buns for 20 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove from the oven , carefully turn the buns out of the pan ( they should come out in one large piece ) , and transfer them to a rack to cool . mix together the icing ingredients , and when the buns are completely cool , pipe it in a cross shape atop each bun .

tips from our bakers

want to make these buns a day or so ahead of time ? try the tangzhong technique , a japanese method for increasing the softness and shelf life of yeast rolls . begin by measuring out the flour and milk you ’ ll be using in the recipe . now take 3 tablespoons of the measured flour and 1/2 cup of the measured milk ; put them in a saucepan set over medium-high heat . cook the mixture , whisking constantly , until it thickens and forms a thick slurry ; this will take about 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 minutes . transfer the cooked mixture to a bowl , let it cool to lukewarm , then combine it with the remaining flour , milk , and other dough ingredients . proceed with the recipe as directed . well-wrapped and stored at room temperature , your finished hot cross buns should stay soft and fresh for several days .


pepperoni and cheese beer bread

a simple classic , this batter can be baked in a loaf pan or spooned into the wells of a cast iron biscuit pan , for an even quicker snack . the beer you choose will have a lot to say about the flavor profile of the finished bread .

361 g king arthur unbleached self-rising flour
25 g sugar
57 g unsalted butter , melted
340 g beer
113 g sliced mini pepperoni
113 g grated colby or pepper jack cheese , divided

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . mix the flour , sugar , melted butter , and the beer , stirring until fairly smooth ; stir in the pepperoni and 3/4 cup of the cheese . spoon the batter into the prepared pan , smoothing the top . sprinkle with the remaining 1/4 cup of cheese . bake for 45 to 50 minutes , until a toothpick inserted about 1/2 '' into the top of the loaf comes out clean , or with a few moist crumbs clinging to it . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes turn it out onto a rack to cool . wait until the bread cools completely before slicing . store airtight at room temperature . yield : 1 loaf , about 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

for a quicker path to this savory treat , scoop the batter into the greased wells of a muffin tin , and bake for 23 to 25 minutes .


buttery sourdough sandwich biscuits

these big , palm-sized biscuits are perfect for a breakfast sandwich . their sourdough tang pairs nicely with egg , ham , sausage , or whatever you choose to stuff them with . better yet — the recipe uses your `` discard '' sourdough , the extra starter you might otherwise throw away during the feeding process .

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
113 g cold unsalted butter
227 g sourdough starter , unfed/discard*
*see `` tips , '' below .

preheat the oven to 425°f , with a rack in the upper third . grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment . combine the flour , baking powder , and salt . work the butter into the flour until the mixture is unevenly crumbly . add the starter , mixing gently until the dough is cohesive . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface ( a piece of parchment works well ) , and gently pat it into a 1 '' -thick round . use a sharp 2 3/8 '' biscuit cutter to cut rounds , cutting them as close to one another as possible . pat any scraps together , and cut additional biscuits . place the biscuits onto the prepared baking sheet , leaving about 2 '' between them ; they 'll spread as they bake . bake the biscuits in the upper third of your oven for 20 to 23 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove the biscuits from the oven , and serve warm . or cool completely , wrap in plastic , and store at room temperature for several days . freeze , well-wrapped , for longer storage . yield : 6 large ( 3 '' ) biscuits .

tips from our bakers

sourdough starters can vary in how liquid they are . if your biscuit dough seems very dry , dribble in a bit of milk or buttermilk until it comes together.feel free to make smaller biscuits , if desired ; they 'll need slightly less time in the oven than the larger biscuits .


hummus bread

made from ground sesame seeds , tahini contributes a nutty flavor to hummus , a garbanzo bean dip that originated in the middle east . adding the hummus to your bread — coupled with garlic oil — enhances winter soups or stews , as well as a salad of fresh spring greens .

2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
10 g king arthur whole-grain bread improver
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
4 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
46 g toasted sesame seeds
170 g milk
245 g prepared hummus ( recipe below )
53 g garlic oil
1 large egg

to make the dough in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program for basic or white bread , and press start . check the dough 's consistency about 7 minutes after the kneading cycle begins , adding additional water or flour to form a smooth , soft dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . remove the bread when it 's done , and let it cool completely before slicing . to make the dough by hand : combine all of the dough ingredients , mix and knead until smooth , and let rise for 1 hour . shape the dough into a loaf , place the loaf in an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' lightly greased loaf pan , and let it rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°f . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days on the counter , or freeze for 3 months .

tips from our bakers

hummus
1/3 cup tahini ( sesame paste )
1/4 cup olive oil
1/4 cup warm water
1/3 cup fresh lemon juice ( more or less to taste )
1 teaspoon salt
3 ( or many more ) peeled garlic cloves , to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
ground black pepper , to taste
two 16- to 20-ounce cans chickpeas or garbanzo beans , drained
put all the ingredients , except one can of the chickpeas , into a blender container or the bowl of a food processor . blend until smooth . add the remaining chickpeas and blend , adding an additional tablespoon of water or oil if the mixture is too thick to blend . refrigerate until ready to use .
yield : 3 to 3 1/2 cups.we developed this recipe during a brainstorming session with lora brody , our favorite bread machine cookbook author ( and a special friend ) .


harvest bread

this honey-sweetened loaf gets its moist , light texture and golden color from mashed sweet potato , which also contributes the starch that helps keep the bread fresh . a typical potato bread , it 's wonderful fresh , lovely for toast — and ideal for turkey sandwiches.we use saf gold instant yeast in this recipe , rather than regular instant yeast . the gold yeast , formulated for sweet doughs , provides the steady , controlled rise helpful for breads high in sugar .

106 g sweet potato or yam , baked , peeled and mashed
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
7 g vital wheat gluten
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
57 g butter
57 g milk
170 g water
64 g honey
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ginger
85 g raisins
57 g chopped walnuts or chopped pecans

to make this loaf in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients except the raisins and nuts into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for basic , white bread , or raisin bread , and press start . add the nuts and raisins when the machine prompts you , or about 3 to 4 minutes before the end of the second kneading cycle . to make this loaf without a bread machine : mix and knead the dough — by hand or mixer — until a smooth , supple dough is formed . allow the dough to rise in a lightly greased bowl , covered , for 60 to 90 minutes , until well-risen and puffy . shape the loaf into a log and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . allow the loaf to rise for 60 minutes until crowned 1 '' over the rim of the pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 45 minutes , or until a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers about 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and let it cool on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days on the counter , or for up to 3 months in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

note : this recipe originally called for an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . as a result of reader feedback , the pan size has been increased to 9 '' x 5 '' , as of 9/11/16 . thanks to all who commented ! [ add new tip ]


whole wheat and rye sourdough

this crisp-crusted whole wheat and rye loaf gets its heady perfume from caraway , anise , and cardamom .

1 1/2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast , optional*
198 g lukewarm milk
227 g sourdough starter , ripe ( fed ) or discard
28 g packed dark brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds
1/2 teaspoon whole anise seeds
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
53 g rye flour , light or dark ( pumpernickel )
57 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
206 g to 241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
*if you use a ripe ( fed ) starter , bubbly and vigorous , you can skip the added yeast .

in a large bowl , combine the yeast ( if using ) , milk , starter , sugar , salt , seeds , and cardamom . stir in the rye flour and beat until the batter is smooth . add the whole wheat flour , then the all-purpose flour 1 cup at a time , stirring after each addition . when the dough has formed a shaggy mass , turn it out onto a lightly floured work surface . knead the dough for 8 minutes or so , using only enough flour to keep it from sticking . the dough should be smooth , elastic , and a little tacky , but not so sticky that it coats your finger . you can also knead the dough for 6 to 7 minutes using a stand mixer equipped with a dough hook . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . deflate the dough and shape as desired : a freestanding round , a fat log with tapered ends ( bâtard ) , or a log to fit in a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . cover the loaf with greased plastic and let it rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the bread for about 25 minutes , or until nicely browned and hollow sounding when thumped on the bottom . remove it from the oven and cool on a rack . store bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days . freeze for longer storage .




pretzel bites

you know the chewy texture and distinctive `` street vendor pretzel '' flavor you get in pretzels bought hot from a pushcart in the city ? these bite-sized pretzels , in either a sweet or classic salty version , are a wonderful made-at-home take on those metro-style treats .

dough

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
7 g instant yeast
198 g to 227 g warm water*
*use the greater amount in the winter , the lesser amount in the summer , and somewhere in between in the spring and fall . your goal is a soft dough .

topping

227 g boiling water
28 g baking soda
coarse , kosher or pretzel salt ; or coarse or swedish pearl sugar , optional
85 g unsalted butter , melted
cinnamon-sugar , optional

to make dough by hand , or with a mixer : place all of the dough ingredients into a bowl , and beat until well-combined . knead the dough , by hand or machine , for about 5 minutes , until it 's soft , smooth , and quite slack . flour the dough and place it in a bag , and allow it to rest for 30 minutes . to make dough with a bread machine : place all of the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . allow the dough to proceed through its kneading cycle ( no need to let it rise ) , then cancel the machine , flour the dough , and give it a rest in a plastic bag , as instructed above . while the dough is resting , prepare the topping : combine the boiling water and baking soda , stirring until the soda is totally ( or almost totally ) dissolved . set the mixture aside to cool to lukewarm ( or cooler ) . preheat your oven to 400°f . prepare a baking sheet by spraying it with vegetable oil spray , or lining it with parchment paper . if you 're not using king arthur flour 's brand , grease the parchment with vegetable oil spray to make double-sure the bites wo n't stick . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and divide it into six equal pieces . roll the six pieces of dough into 12 '' to 15 '' ropes . cut each rope crosswise into about 12 pieces . pour the cooled baking soda solution into a pan large enough to hold the bites . place the bites into the solution , gently swish them around , and leave them there for a couple of minutes . transfer them to a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , and top with pretzel salt or sea salt ; or with pearl sugar , for sweet pretzel bites . bake the bites for 12 to 15 minutes , until golden brown . remove them from the oven , and roll them in the melted butter . for cinnamon-sugar pretzels , toss with cinnamon-sugar once you 've rolled the bites in the butter . place on a rack . in you 're not going to enjoy them immediately , store the bites , well-wrapped , at room temperature . reheat briefly before serving . yield : about 6 dozen bites .




autumn bread pudding

jewels of the baking world , brioche and challah provide tenderness in a bread pudding , while the glowing dried cranberries and apricots bring sparkle and tang to this fall dessert . it 's pretty enough to serve to guests , or for a special breakfast .

255 g cubed leftover bread ( brioche and challah are nice )
6 large eggs
99 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
454 g milk
227 g half & half , cream , or milk
425 g can pears in light syrup
64 g dried apricots
57 g dried cranberries

preheat the oven to 325°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' baking dish . whisk the eggs in a large bowl . add the sugar , vanilla , cinnamon , nutmeg , and salt , and whisk until thoroughly combined . add the milk and half and half , continuing to whisk . stir the bread into the egg mixture , using a large spoon or spatula to mix everything together until the bread is thoroughly coated . let stand for 30 minutes , stirring occasionally . drain the pears , reserving the syrup for another use if desired . dice the pears into 1 '' pieces . cut the dried apricots into slivers . ( scissors sprayed with a little non-stick vegetable oil spray work well here . ) fold all the fruit into the bread-custard mixture and pour it into the baking pan . bake for 50 minutes to 60 minutes , until the pudding is puffed , lightly browned , and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean . let the pudding cool for at least 15 minutes before serving . drizzle with caramel sauce and serve with ice cream , if desired .




potato-onion rye rolls

these soft , savory rolls are equally delicious for dinner or sandwiches .

298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
159 g pumpernickel flour
34 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
7 g king arthur whole-grain bread improver or 7 g vital wheat gluten
25 g vegetable oil
43 g molasses
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons deli rye flavor , optional but delicious
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon caramel color , optional , an excellent color enhancer
283 g to 340 g lukewarm water
60 g canned french-fried onions
2 tablespoons butter , melted , for brushing on the rolls

mix and knead all of the ingredients ( except the onions ) , by hand , mixer , or bread machine , until you 've made a slightly sticky , shiny dough . knead in the onions , place the dough into a greased bowl , cover , and let rise in a warm spot for 1 to 2 hours , until it 's grown by at least one-third . transfer the dough to a lightly greased or floured work surface and divide into 12 pieces . roll each piece into a ball and place in a greased 9 '' x 13 '' or 12 '' x 12 '' pan . cover the rolls and let rise 1 hour , until puffy looking . preheat the oven to 425°f while they are rising . reduce the oven heat to 350°f , place the rolls in the oven , and bake for 15 to 20 minutes , until golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven , brush with melted butter , and serve warm . store the cooled rolls in an airtight container for 5 days or well-wrapped in the freezer for up to a month .




jeffrey hamelman 's black bread

this recipe comes from jeffrey hamelman , a certified master baker ( one of only about 130 in this country ) , and an engaging writer as well . after stints at various bakeries both in this country and abroad , jeffrey ran his own bakery in brattleboro , vermont , for 14 years . he was named captain of the 1996 baking team usa , where he led that team of american bread bakers to its first and very memorable victory at the coupe du monde de la boulangerie in paris . following that , he was an instructor at the culinary institute of america in hyde park , new york , until a deep desire to return to vermont brought him to king arthur . we 're very happy to have a baker of his incredible knowledge and skill with us . jeff says , `` this is an interesting bread , not for everyone . i made it every friday for many a year . it uses up leftover bread , which gives the new bread a richness of flavor . '' in spite of the ingredients , this bread does n't taste like coffee . it has a real 'bite , ' which enables it to go well with winter soups and stews . it might also be perfect with pickled herring and onions . slice it thinly and spread with butter.read this recipe all the way through before starting , so you 'll know how much time it 'll take .

slurry or altus

71 g re-baked bread ( see `` tips '' , below . )
21 g ground coffee
312 g boiling water

sourdough

340 g water
230 g medium rye flour
2 ounces levain or a stiff ( dough-like ) sourdough culture

dough

all the slurry
all the refreshed sourdough
19 g vegetable oil
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
152 g medium rye flour
390 g king arthur bread flour
black caraway seeds ( a.k.a . charnushka )

to make the slurry : break the bread into pieces , sprinkle with the ground coffee , and pour the boiling water over it . mix it all up so the bread is good and wet . cover tightly and let sit overnight . to make the sourdough : mix the water , rye flour and stiff sourdough together in a non-reactive , medium-sized mixing bowl , and let the mixture sit overnight , covered , preferably for about 16 hours , at a temperature of about 65°f to 70°f . to make the dough : put the slurry in a blender or food processor and blend until the bread is fairly well pulverized . scoop this into a mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer , add the sourdough mixture , oil , salt , yeast , and the flours . mix until well-blended , then let the dough rest for about 20 minutes . continue kneading and mixing — by hand or mixer — until the dough is well-developed . because of the high percentage of rye flour in this dough , it 'll never become smooth and elastic , as an all-wheat dough would ; just knead it for 8 to 10 minutes , doing the best you can . place the dough in a greased mixing bowl , cover the bowl , and let it rise until you can leave a fingerprint in it , about an hour . turn it out onto a floured board , and divide it into two pieces . shape these pieces into rough rounds , and let them rest for 5 minutes . shape into firm rounds , trying to form tight , seamless balls , and place the loaves on a piece of parchment . cover them , and let them rise until they 're about two-thirds of the way to doubled in bulk , about 45 minutes . preheat your oven to 450°f . slash the surface of the dough , making either one cut across the center , or a cross . stay away from the `` shoulders , '' or edges . repeat with the other loaf . thoroughly mist the surface of both loaves with water until they 're quite wet , sprinkle with seeds if you wish and , by sliding a peel under the parchment , slip the loaves onto the preheated baking stone . bake the bread for 30 minutes , reduce the oven heat to 400°f , and continue baking for a further 10 to 20 minutes . when the bread is done , the temperature at the center should register about 200°f to 210°f . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack . store , loosely covered , at room temperature for up to 5 days . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

read this recipe all the way through before starting , so you 'll know how much time it 'll take.because this bread has so much rye in it , do n't expect it to spring in the oven as much as a wheat-based bread.to re-bake bread , slice 3 or 4 pieces of bread , about 4 1/2 to 5 ounces fresh . bake on a cookie sheet in a moderate oven , turning the pieces from time to time , until the bread is very dark , `` just this side of carbon . '' this can take up to and more than an hour , depending on the moisture in the bread.need some sourdough starter to get started ? see our step-by-step directions for creating your own sourdough starter from scratch . or , if you 're looking for a head-start , check out our classic fresh sourdough starter , a simpler path to fresh , ready-to-use sourdough starter . if you need to turn your starter into a stiff one , follow these directions creating and using a stiff starter .


smoky fougasse

fougasse , a specialty of provence , france , is made from a simple bread dough and often embellished with cheeses , herbs , nuts or anchovies . the dough is shaped in a flat oval or circle , which is then slashed several times through , and the openings are gently pulled to create ladder- or leaf-like openings . this pull-apart bread features lots of chewy crust , and the heady flavors of onion and smoked cheese .

starter

120 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or first clear flour
227 g water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast

dough

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons pizza dough flavor ( optional )
1 teaspoon instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
25 g olive oil
113 g diced smoked gruyere , havarti , or gouda cheese
39 g golden baking onions or french-fried onions

mix the sponge ingredients together , and let the mixture rest , covered , for 4 and up to 24 hours . mix together the sponge and the remaining dough ingredients , except for the cheese and onions , and mix , then knead — by hand , mixer or bread machine — to form a smooth , soft dough , adding additional water or flour as necessary , about 8 minutes . knead in the cheese and onions . allow the dough to rise , covered , until it 's puffy looking , about 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface . shape it into a round or oval , pulling and stretching until it 's no more than 3/4 '' thick . place it on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . brush it lightly with olive oil , then cut decorative slits into it , all the way through the bottom . pull the dough apart widely ( at least 2 '' apart ) at the slits , to make a nice shape . cover it , and let it rise for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 450°f . bake the fougasse for 16 to 18 minutes , until it 's a deep , golden brown . remove it from the oven , and cool it on a rack . store , well-wrapped , for 2 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .




noon rogani

a unique and impressive breakfast bread , noon rogani hails from azerbaijan near northwestern iran . with a filling of butter , cinnamon and sugar , the loaf is warm and inviting as you pull the spirals apart with your fingers and savor each bite . this loaf is formed from a 5 foot long rope of cinnamon filled dough , coiled to resemble a turban . reach out to a new region and try this delightful bread .

dough

539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon instant yeast
283 g warm water
2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon vegetable oil

filling and topping

57 g melted butter , divided
57 to 113 g sugar to taste
2 teaspoons cinnamon

in a large bowl or your bread machine bucket mix the flour , water and yeast to a thick shaggy mass . let rest for 10 minutes . after 10 minutes add the salt , sugar and vegetable oil and extra flour as needed to create a dough that is not sticky to the touch but still slightly tacky . knead by hand , mixer or bread machine until the dough is smooth and elastic . place the dough in a greased bowl and cover . let rise until puffy , about 30-40 minutes . turn out the dough onto a well floured surface . gently deflate and shape into a square pillow . roll the square to approximately 23 '' square and 1/8th '' thick . mix the cinnamon and sugar in a small bowl . brush the dough with half of the melted butter and generously sprinkle on the cinnamon sugar mixture . use more or less sugar to taste . roll up the dough jelly roll style . pinch the seam well and continue to roll the rope until it reaches a length of 5 feet . do n't worry about small tears in the outer layers , that is normal . twist the entire length of the rope similar to wringing out a towel , but much more loosely . on a greased baking sheet or parchment paper , coil the rope into a round spiral , turban style . do n't wrap too tightly , keep the coil slightly loose to aid in the final rise . brush with the remaining melted butter and set aside , covered , to rise until puffy 40-45 minutes . bake the loaf in a preheated 400°f oven for 30-45 minutes or until deeply golden brown . cool slightly on a rack before serving . makes one 10-12 '' spiral .




golden stollen

this riff on our easiest stollen uses pumpkin purée to create a lovely , deep-gold pastry with nicely spicy notes . toasted pecans and the dried fruits of your choice — we like golden raisins , crystallized ginger , and cranberries — create an eastern-european style `` fruit cake '' with definite new england roots .

dough

269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
99 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt*
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
heaping 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
heaping 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
113 g cold butter
227 g pumpkin purée ( canned pumpkin )
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
about 142 g of your favorite dried fruit , chopped in small pieces if necessary ; raisins , dates , cranberries , crystallized ginger , and chopped apricots are all good
39 g chopped pecans or walnuts , toasted if desired
*reduce the salt to 1/4 teaspoon if you use salted butter .

topping

85 g melted butter
85 g confectioners ' sugar or non-melting white sugar

preheat your oven to 325°f . lightly grease a baking sheet , or line it with parchment paper . whisk together the flour , sugar , baking powder , salt , and spices in a mixing bowl . cut the cold butter into small chunks , then blend it into the flour mixture to form uneven crumbs . in a separate bowl , mix together the pumpkin , egg , and vanilla . toss the fruit and nuts with the flour mixture until evenly distributed . then combine the wet and dry ingredients , mixing until most of the flour is moistened . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface , and knead it two or three times , until it holds together . divide it in half ; if you have a scale , each half will weigh slightly more than a pound ( about 467g ) . roll each piece of dough into an 8 '' x 7 '' oval about 1/2 '' thick . fold each piece of dough roughly in half , leaving the edge of the top half about 1/2 '' short of the edge of the bottom half . should you fold the long way , or the short way ? the long way will give you a longer , narrower stollen , with shorter slices ; folding the short way will give you a wider , fatter stollen , with longer slices . use the edge of your hand to press the dough to seal about 1 '' in back of the open edge ; this will make the traditional stollen shape . it 's also the familiar parker house roll shape , if you 've ever made them . place the shaped stollen on the prepared baking sheet . bake the stollen until they 're very lightly browned around the edges , about 40 minutes . a cake tester inserted into the center should come out clean ; and an instant-read thermometer will register about 205°f . remove the stollen from the oven , and transfer to a rack . brush thoroughly with about half the melted butter . sprinkle heavily with confectioners ' or non-melting white sugar . allow the stollen to cool , then brush with the remaining butter ( you 'll have to reheat it ) , and sprinkle with the rest of the sugar . let set for an hour or so , then wrap loosely in plastic wrap until ready to serve . plastic-wrapped stollen will keep well for about a week at room temperature . for longer storage , omit the second butter/sugar coating ; wrap well , and freeze for up to a month . just before serving , sprinkle with sugar again . yield : two 1-pound stollen loaves .

tips from our bakers

unlike standard stollen , this version does n't keep for weeks on end ; we suggest eating it up within a week or so . the coating will gradually disappear , absorbed into the cake . if this has happened , simply sprinkle it with confectioners ' sugar again , just before serving .


thin cornmeal tortilla

this tortilla is wafer-thin and pliable , like any standard tortilla . however , it falls off the classic track by including both flour and cornmeal , something a `` real '' tortilla would never do . we just happen to love the faint sweetness of cornmeal paired with flour 's soft texture — so there !

156 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
78 g yellow cornmeal
50 g corn oil or vegetable oil
128 g water
1/2 teaspoon salt

in a medium-sized bowl , mix together the flour , cornmeal , and oil . gradually mix in the water and salt . knead briefly , just until the dough is smooth . divide the dough into 10 pieces , weighing about 1 3/8 ounces each . round the pieces into balls , flatten them slightly , and allow them to rest , covered , for at least 30 minutes . this resting period improves the texture of the dough by giving the flour time to absorb the water , and it also gives the gluten time to relax , making the tortillas easier to roll out . preheat an ungreased cast iron griddle or heavy frying pan over medium heat . working with one piece of dough at a time ( keeping the remaining dough balls covered ) , roll the balls out until they 're about 8 '' in diameter . fry the tortillas in the ungreased pan for about 45 seconds on each side . ( or , if you have a tortilla baker — use it ! ) stack tortillas on top of one another as you remove them from the pan , to keep them soft and pliable . serve warm or at room temperature . store tortillas , tightly wrapped , in a plastic bag at room temperature . freeze for longer storage .




cinnamon-swirl pumpkin rolls

these cinnamon-roll lookalikes are made with a golden , pumpkin-scented dough and lots of spice . read our blog about these rolls , with additional photos , at flourish .

dough

227 g canned pumpkin or squash
2 large eggs
28 to 57 g lukewarm water*
57 g soft butter
298 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
198 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves , optional
43 g brown sugar , light or dark
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
*adjust the amount of water by the time of year or your climate . for summer , or in a humid enivronment , use the lesser amount of water . in winter , or in a dry climate , use the greater amount . it 's always best to start with the lesser amount ; you can

filling

113 g baker 's cinnamon filling*
43 g water
57 g minced crystallized ginger , raisins , or dried cranberries , optional
*substitute 3/4 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon for the baker 's cinnamon filling and water , if desired . if you use sugar and cinnamon , do not add the water .

glaze

113 g glazing or confectioners '
14 g butter
21 g milk , or enough to make a `` drizzlable '' glaze

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients together — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , fairly smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours , until it 's almost doubled in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface . roll it into a 14 '' x 22 '' rectangle ; the dough will be thin . mix the cinnamon filling and water . spread a thin layer over the dough , leaving one short edge free of filling . sprinkle with crystallized ginger or dried fruit ( or both ) , if desired . starting with the short end that 's covered with filling , roll the dough into a log . cut the log into nine 1 ½ '' -thick rolls . place the rolls into a lightly greased 9 '' x 9 '' pan that 's at least 2 '' deep . set aside , covered , to rise for 1 hour , or until the rolls look puffy . bake the rolls in a preheated 375°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're lightly browned and feel set . remove them from the oven , and set them on a rack . turn them out of the pan , and allow them to cool for about 15 minutes . towards the end of the cooling time , make the glaze . to make the glaze : heat the butter and milk together till the butter melts . whisk into the sugar . drizzle the warm rolls with the warm glaze . sprinkle with chopped nuts , if desired . yield : 9 rolls .

tips from our bakers

for a glaze that stays white and remains on top of the rolls , rather than partially melting in , allow the rolls to cool completely before glazing .


chili sticks with creamy salsa dip

here 's one of the easiest , tastiest appetizers you 'll ever make . simply slice a loaf of bread into sticks ; brush with olive oil , and sprinkle with seasoning ; bake until crisp ; then serve with a simple , two-ingredient dip . summertime , and the livin ' is easy !

bread

340 g warm ( about 115°f ) water
35 g olive oil , plus additional for drizzling
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon instant yeast
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon chili powder

dip

227 g cream cheese
227 g salsa

lightly grease a 9 '' x 13 '' pan and drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil into the bottom . to make the bread : combine all of the bread ingredients except the ground cumin and chili powder . beat at high speed with an electric mixer for 2 minutes ; the mixture will be very soft and sticky . scoop the batter into the prepared pan , cover the pan , and let it rise at room temperature for 60 minutes , until it 's become puffy . while the batter is rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . uncover the pan of dough , and drizzle it lightly with additional olive oil . bake the bread until it 's golden brown , about 35 to 40 minutes . remove it from the oven , wait 5 minutes , then turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool to room temperature . while the bread is cooling , make the dip . combine the cream cheese and salsa in a microwave-safe bowl , or in a saucepan . heat in the microwave ( covered ) , or over low heat over a burner , until the cheese is soft and the salsa has started to bubble a bit . remove from the heat , and stir until well combined . store in the refrigerator ( covered once it 's cool ) until ready to serve . to make the bread sticks : slice the bread in half lengthwise to make two 9 '' x 13 '' pieces . cut each piece in half again crosswise to make four 6 1/2 '' x 9 '' pieces . cut each of those pieces into sticks about 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' x 6 1/2 '' . lay the sticks side by side on two large , lightly greased baking sheets . spray , brush , or drizzle with olive oil . mix the ground cumin and chili powder , and sprinkle over the sticks ; a fine sieve or tea strainer works pretty well here . bake the sticks in a preheated 350°f oven for about 30 minutes , until they 're starting to turn golden brown and are dry and crunchy . remove the sticks from the oven , and cool right on the pan . when they 're completely cool , store airtight at room temperature for up to a couple of weeks ; freeze for longer storage . serve the bread sticks with the chilled dip . yield : about 8 servings .

tips from our bakers

for a cheesier dip , add 1 to 2 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese to the salsa and cream cheese before heating , if desired .


lemon brioche

fill small brioche with raspberry jam and devon cream or lemon crème fraîche for a most elegant treat .

dough

170 g lukewarm water
2 large eggs
113 g butter
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 ½ teaspoons salt
1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or lemon oil
1 to 2 tablespoons lemon zest
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling ( optional )

1/2 cup whipped cream , devon cream , or lemon crème fraiche
1/2 cup raspberry jam

mix and knead together all of the dough ingredients , by hand , mixer or bread machine , to make a soft , smooth dough . if kneading by hand , this will take awhile due to the amount of butter in the dough . allow the dough to rise , covered , for about 1 hour , or until it 's quite puffy . divide the dough into 20 pieces ( about 1 ¼ to 1 ½ ounces each ) to make mini brioche ; or 12 pieces to make larger individual brioche in muffin cups ; or 2 pieces for large paper brioche pans . roll the dough into balls , and place into brioche papers or greased muffin cups . cover and allow to rise until doubled and puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the brioche for 14 to 18 minutes ( for small brioche ) ; 18 to 20 minutes ( for muffin-sized brioche ) ; or 20 to 25 minutes for two large brioche . the finished bread will be golden brown . remove from the oven , and cool completely . to fill small brioche , cut the tops off the cooled brioche . fill with a teaspoonful of raspberry jam and whipped cream , devon cream , or lemon crème fraîche . place tops back on and dust with confectioners ' sugar .




danish pastry

did you ever wonder how artisan bakers make those super-buttery , flaky , light-as-air danish ? here 's how . warning : this is n't a quick-and-easy recipe ; there are numerous steps , including a suggested overnight rest for the dough . but if you follow the directions and take it one step at a time , you 'll be able to claim a delicious new pastry for your baking repertoire . note : we highly recommend you read the danish pastry blog post accompanying this recipe ( see link at right ) , as it includes detailed photos of all the steps .

dough

454 g unsalted butter , at cool room temperature
659 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
67 g granulated sugar
4 teaspoons instant yeast
2 1/2 teaspoons salt ; if you use salted butter , reduce this to 1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 to 1 teaspoon ground cardamom , optional ; for traditional flavor
1 teaspoon vanilla
227 g cold milk
76 g to 113 g lukewarm water*
2 large eggs
*use the greater amount in winter , or in a dry climate ; the lesser amount in summer , or when it 's humid out .

cheese filling

113 g cream cheese
113 g cottage cheese or ricotta cheese
35 g granulated sugar
1 large egg
1/4 teaspoon salt

fruit filling

298 g to 369 g jam , preserves , or canned fruit pie filling

topping

1 large egg white beaten lightly with 1 tablespoon cold water

glaze

170 g confectioners ' sugar or glazing sugar
28 g to 35 g water or milk , enough to make a `` drizzlable '' glaze
pinch of salt
crushed nuts , optional ; to garnish

begin by cutting 1/4 '' butter off the end of each of the 4 sticks in the pound ; you 'll have about 2 tablespoons butter . set them ( and the remaining butter ) aside . you 'll be using the 2 tablespoons butter immediately , but wo n't need the remaining butter until after you 've made the dough . in a large bowl , whisk together the flour , sugar , yeast , salt , and cardamom . add the 2 tablespoons cold butter , working it in with your fingers until no large lumps remain . this step coats the flour a bit with fat , making the pastry a tiny bit more tender . add the vanilla , milk , water , and eggs . mix and knead to make a cohesive , but quite sticky dough . this is easily done in a bread machine set on the dough cycle ; or in a mixer . if you use a mixer , the dough wo n't completely clean the bowl ; it 'll probably leave a narrow ring around the side , and stick at the bottom . scrape the dough into a ball , and transfer it to a floured work surface . cover it with plastic wrap , and let it rest for 10 minutes while you prepare the butter . cut each stick of butter in half lengthwise , to make 8 long rectangles . on a piece of floured parchment or plastic wrap , line up 4 of the butter pieces side by side , to form a rectangle . sprinkle lightly with flour , and cover with another piece of parchment or plastic wrap . gently pound and roll the butter until it 's about 6 '' x 9 '' . the pieces may or may not meld together . if they do , great , they 'll be easier to work with . if not , though , that 's ok ; do n't stress about it . repeat with the remaining 4 pieces of butter . you should now have two butter rectangles , about 6 '' x 9 '' each . roll the dough into a rectangle about 12 '' wide and 24 '' long . do n't worry about being ultra-precise ; this is just a guide , though you should try to get fairly close . place one of the butter pieces onto the center third of the dough . fold one side over the butter to cover it . place the other butter piece atop the folded-over dough , and fold the remaining dough up over it . you now have a rectangular `` packet '' of dough-enclosed butter . pinch the open ends and side closed as best you can . turn the dough 90° , so a 12 '' side is closest to you . roll the dough into a 10 '' x 24 '' rectangle ( approximately ) . fold each side into the center ; then fold one side over the other to make a rectangular packet about 6 '' x 10 '' . dust the surface of the dough with flour , wrap it in plastic wrap , and chill in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes . remove the dough from the fridge , and again roll it into a rectangle about 10 '' x 24 '' . fold it into a packet as you did in step # 10 ; it 'll be about 7 '' x 12 '' . roll one final time , fold into a packet , and flour the dough lightly . wrap loosely ( but completely ) in plastic , and chill it for 2 hours , or up to 16 hours ; we prefer the longer refrigeration , as it gives the dough a chance to relax and rise . before shaping the pastries , select your filling ( s ) . we like to use a variety . either of the filling suggestions in this recipe make enough to fill all the pastries ; so if you want to mix and match , make a half-recipe of the cheese filling , and use only half the amount of fruit filling called for . to make the cheese filling : combine all of the ingredients , stirring until smooth . for the smoothest filling , process in a food processor . when you 're ready to make pastries , remove the dough from the refrigerator , unwrap it , and cut off one-third . you 'll work with this piece first ; return the remainder to the fridge . divide the dough into 12 pieces . roll each into a smooth ball , then flatten the balls into 3 '' to 3 1/2 '' rounds , making the center thinner than the edges . you want to build up a slight wall of dough all around the circumference ; this will help hold the filling . place the rounds on a parchment-lined or lightly greased baking sheet . working with one-half of the remaining dough at a time , repeat the process ; you 'll finish with three baking sheets , each with 12 dough rounds . cover the danish lightly with greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for about 1 hour ; they 'll become slightly puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . use your fingers to press the centers of the dough rounds as flat as possible , leaving the `` sidewalls '' puffed . spoon a slightly heaping measuring teaspoon of filling into the well of each round . brush the exposed edges of pastry with the egg/water topping ; this will create a satiny , golden crust . bake the pastries for 15 to 18 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and transfer to a rack . glaze and serve immediately ; or wait until they cool , then glaze . to make the glaze : whisk the confectioners ' sugar and salt with enough water or milk to make a `` drizzlable '' glaze . drizzle the glaze atop the pastries . sprinkle with crushed nuts , if desired . yield : 3 dozen 3 '' pastries .

tips from our bakers

why all the rolling and folding ? that 's what gives danish pastry its flaky layers . each time you roll , fold , and roll again , you 're creating more and thinner layers of butter — 128 layers , if you do the four `` turns '' indicated in the directions.feel free to serve pastries warm , right out of the oven ; if you glaze them right away the glaze may melt and spread a bit , but they 'll be delicious.there are many other ways to shape danish pastries than what we indicate here ; for a visual tour , read our danish pastry blog post .


dark & soft restaurant dinner rolls

these dinner rolls are an attempt to replicate the soft , kind of sweet , deep chocolate-colored rolls served at various chain restaurants ( particularly steakhouses ) around the country . the taste-testers here at king arthur flour raved about these , so even if they 're not an exact match for those restaurant rolls , we 're sure you 'll find them tasty .

dough

301 g warm water
57 g butter , softened
170 g honey
354 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
220gs king arthur white whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons salt
7 g caramel color or 14 g black cocoa , optional ; but without it the rolls will lack their distinctive color
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

yellow cornmeal

combine all of the dough ingredients in the bucket of a bread machine , or in an electric mixer . if you 're using a bread machine , program it for the dough or manual cycle . if you 're using a mixer , start with the flat beater , then switch to the dough hook when the dough starts to form a ball and come away from the sides of the bowl . mix and knead until you 've formed a smooth , slightly sticky dough . note : you may also prepare this dough by hand . it 's very sticky and a bit messy at first , but just keep at it , flouring your hands and trying not to add too much additional flour to the dough ; eventually it 'll smooth out . let the dough rise in the bowl ( or bucket of the bread machine ) for 1 hour . it wo n't have doubled in size , but should be just a bit puffy . divide the dough into 10 even pieces ( about 4 ounces each ) , and shape the pieces into 6 '' x 2 '' oval rolls . coat each roll , top and bottom , with some yellow cornmeal . place them on a lightly greased baking sheet , and allow them to rise , covered , in a warm place , for 90 minutes to 2 hours . they wo n't have doubled in size , but will appear puffy ; when you gently press your finger into one , the indentation will rebound quite slowly . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 24 minutes , until the bottoms appear slightly browned ( you 'll have to carefully pick one up to look ) , or until a digital thermometer inserted into the center of a roll reads about 200°f . remove the rolls from the oven , and cool them on a rack . serve the rolls warm , or at room temperature . store at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




michelle 's harvest grains loaf

using a grain mix for a seeded bread really speeds up the process — instead of a tablespoon of this or that , you add the blend and go . with a robust , full-flavored crumb , this harvest grains bread has a toothsome quality that will tolerate the heartiest of sandwiches .

298 g warm water
25 g brown sugar or 43 g honey
25 g vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
74 g harvest grains blend
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour or white whole wheat
7 g instant yeast

to make dough in a bread machine : place all of the ingredients into the bucket of your 1 1/2- to 2-pound bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . place the bucket into the machine ( if it 's not already there ) , program the machine for basic or white bread , light crust ( or similar settings ) , and press start . take a look at the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , and adjust its consistency with additional water or flour , as necessary , to produce a smooth , supple dough . allow the machine to complete its cycle . when the bread is done , remove it from the machine and cool it on a wire rack . to make manually or with an electric mixer : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine all of the ingredients , stirring until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . transfer the dough to a lightly greased surface , oil your hands , and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes , or until it begins to become smooth and supple . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . shape the dough into a log ; and place it in the pan . allow the loaf to rise , covered , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . while the bread is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake for 35 minutes , or until its interior temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pan , and cool it on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , for 5 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to 3 months .




onion & bacon rolls

ausytes , a lithuanian christmas specialty , are soft , tender buns , filled with a savory mixture of bacon and onions . we can see these rolls accompanying cauliflower-cheese soup ; or serve them at breakfast , with scrambled eggs .

dough

227 g lukewarm milk
57 g butter , melted
1 large egg + 1 egg white ( save the yolk for the glaze )
454 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
53 g rye flour ( white , medium or pumpernickel ) or 57 g ounces king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

filling

454 g bacon
510 g chopped onions
1 teaspoon mustard seeds
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon black pepper , ground
salt , to taste

topping

1 egg yolk , reserved from dough
11 g vegetable oil
poppy seeds , optional

to make the dough by hand or with a mixer : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix until the dough starts to leave the sides of the bowl . ( if you 're using a stand mixer , use the flat beater for this step . ) cover the bowl and let this shaggy mass rest for 15 minutes or so , to absorb the liquid and make it easier to knead . transfer the dough to a lightly greased or floured surface , and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes , or until it 's smooth and shiny . or knead it in a mixer , using the dough hook . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl or rising bucket , turn to coat , cover the container with plastic wrap , and let the dough rise for 1 hour , or until it 's increased its volume by at least a third . to make the dough with a bread machine : place all the dough ingredients into the pan of your bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . program the machine for dough or manual , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle and adjust its consistency as necessary by adding additional milk or flour to form a soft , smooth ball . allow the machine to complete its cycle . to make the filling : while the dough is rising , cut the bacon into 1/4 '' pieces ( a pair of scissors works well here ) . place the bacon into a large sauté pan and cook until it just begins to become crisp . drain as much of the fat as you can , add the chopped onions , and cook until they 're golden brown . stir in the mustard seeds , paprika and ground black pepper . adjust the seasonings to taste . let the filling cool . to combine : turn the risen dough out onto a very lightly greased or floured work surface , knead it briefly to expel any excess carbon dioxide , and form the dough into a rough log . divide the dough into 16 pieces . roll each piece into a loose ball , cover the balls , and let them rest for 15 minutes . with a rolling pin or the palm of your hand , flatten the balls into 4 '' circles . flour the work surface , rolling pin , and your hand as needed . place a generous teaspoon of filling into the center of each piece of dough . pull the dough `` pouch '' up around the filling , pleating and pinching the top to seal well . place these pouches seam-side-down onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , or into a 9 '' x 13 '' pan , leaving about 1 inch between them . cover and let the rolls rise until very puffy looking , about 1 hour ( if your kitchen is warm ; longer if they 're in a cool spot ) . preheat the oven to 375°f . to make the topping : in a small bowl , beat the reserved egg yolk with the tablespoon of oil . brush this mixture over the tops of the rolls and , if desired , sprinkle the rolls with poppy seeds . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove the rolls from the oven and allow them to cool briefly on a rack . serve the rolls warm . store , wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .

tips from our bakers

this recipe was inspired by one in bernard clayton 's new complete book of breads , a wonderful compendium of international breads .


spicy tomato-filled tunisian flatbreads

a simple , unleavened dough is rolled out and filled with a spicy tomato and pepper filling ; it 's a satisfying bread that pairs nicely with salad or soup .

dough

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
25 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons salt
227 g water

filling

14 g olive oil
1 garlic clove , peeled and chopped
156 g diced onion
57 g chopped bell pepper
1 small jalapeño pepper , chopped
1 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes
411 g diced canned tomatoes
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

to make the dough : mix all of the ingredients together and knead to form a smooth ball . place the dough in a bowl , cover with plastic , and let rest at room temperature for at least 8 hours . note : since there 's no yeast in this bread , it 's not going to change much in appearance , if at all . to make the filling : pour the olive oil into a large skillet set over medium heat . add the garlic , onion , and bell and jalapeño peppers and cook , stirring occasionally , until the onion is translucent , about 6 to 8 minutes . add the cumin , coriander , fennel , salt , and chili flakes ; stir . add the tomatoes and simmer until the liquid reduces and the mixture thickens , stirring frequently . remove from the heat , add the parsley , and taste and adjust the seasonings . place a rack in the upper third of your oven and place a baking stone on the rack . preheat the oven to 500°f . to assemble : divide the dough into a dozen 2 1/4-ounce pieces , and roll lightly into balls . flatten the balls with your hand , then use a rolling pin to roll each into a flat , thin disk about 5 '' in diameter . lightly brush the edges of each disk with water . place 2 tablespoons of the cooled filling on the lower halves . fold the upper halves over and press the edges tightly to seal . when all of the dough circles are filled , bake the filled breads three or four at a time on the hot stone for 5 to 7 minutes , until the bottoms have dark spots on them . flip them over and bake for another 3 to 5 minutes on the second side . remove from the oven and repeat with the remaining breads until all are baked . store unused breads in the refrigerator , covered , for up to 1 week .




rhubarb-walnut quick bread

this is a moist quick bread that takes advantage of rhubarb 's bright , citrusy flavor ; it 's eexcellent with a schmear of cream cheese . the walnuts add a bit of crunch .

301 g sliced rhubarb , plus 3 or 4 colorful stalks for garnish
206 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
198 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 tablespoon grated lemon rind ( zest ) or 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil
57 g chopped walnuts
2 large eggs
99 g vegetable oil

put the rhubarb ( minus your brightest red stalks for the garnish ) into a 2-quart saucepan and cook over low to medium heat , stirring occasionally until it collapses and cooks down . remove from the heat and cool ; you should have about 1 1/2 cups . set aside . preheat the oven to 350°f . grease and flour an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . in a medium bowl , whisk together the flour , sugar , baking soda , salt , nutmeg , and lemon zest ( or lemon oil ) . stir in the walnuts . in another bowl , whisk together the eggs and vegetable oil . combine with the 1 1/2 cups of cooked rhubarb . stir the egg and rhubarb mixture into the dry ingredients , mixing until the batter is evenly moistened . transfer the batter to the prepared pan . wash the reserved rhubarb stalks and cut in half lengthwise . place , cut side down , on top of the batter in the pan . bake the bread for 55 to 60 minutes , until a cake tester , toothpick , or paring knife inserted into the center comes out clean . remove the loaf from the oven and cool it in the pan for 15 minutes . then remove itf from the pan and place it on a rack to finish cooling completely before slicing . store the bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for three days ; or sliced and frozen for up to 3 months .




pimento cheese babka

inspired by the iconic babka at zabar 's in new york city , this squishier textured , more savory approach to babka uses molly yeh 's challah dough . found in her book , molly on the range , the filling is that southern staple , pimento cheese , because mayonnaise and cheese are a match made in guilty-pleasure heaven .

1 batch molly 's basic challah , completed through the first rise

filling

57 g mayonnaise
113 g shredded sharp cheddar cheese
57 g drained diced pimentos
39 g finely chopped onion
1/4 teaspoon ground sweet paprika
1/8 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
kosher salt
black pepper

egg wash

1 large egg yolk lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water

when the dough is finished with its first rise , roll it into a 10 '' x 14 '' rectangle . spread the mayonnaise over it in an even layer , leaving a 1 '' border untouched along the long edge closest to you . sprinkle on the cheddar , pimentos , onion , paprika , cayenne , and a sprinkling of salt and pepper . starting at the long edge opposite you , roll up the dough to make a long jelly roll and pinch the edges and seam to seal them shut . use a serrated knife and , starting 1 '' down the log , cut the roll lengthwise down the center all the way through . turn the two halves of the log so the opening is facing up ( and the filling does n't fall out ) . twist the two pieces around one another . fold the dough in half , place it in the loaf pan , cover it , and let it rise for 30 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . brush the top of the dough with the egg wash. bake until the top is golden brown and the loaf has an internal temperature of 185°f when measured with a digital thermometer . begin checking for doneness at 35 minutes . remove the challah from the oven and cool it on a rack for 10 minutes . tilt it out of the pan and return to the rack to cool completely before slicing . store any leftovers in the refrigerator , well wrapped , for up to a week .




herb and garlic rolls

wonderfully tasty rolls made with our easy herb and garlic artisan blend .

2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
454 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g herb and garlic artisan blend
283 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil

combine all the ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled in size , about 1 hour . or , let the dough go through its first rise in the bread machine . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased work surface and deflate it gently . divide the dough into 16 pieces , and roll each piece into a tight ball . place the balls in two lightly greased 8 '' round pans — 8 rolls in each . cover the rolls and let them rise until not quite doubled in size , about 45 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 22 minutes , until golden brown . remove them from the oven , and after 5 minutes transfer them from the pan onto a rack to cool . yield : 16 rolls .

tips from our bakers

to make a sandwich loaf , shape the dough into a 9 '' log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . let rise and bake for 25 to 30 minutes , until golden brown . its internal temperature should register 190°f on an instant-read thermometer .


ukrainian wedding bread

korovai , or wedding bread , is the traditional centerpiece at ukrainian weddings . it 's shaped in a round , and topped with a twist or braid , then traditionally decorated with sculpted dough : doves to symbolize love and faithfulness , pine cones to symbolize fertility , and sometimes branches and flowers . periwinkle , symbolizing purity , is the final garnish . the shaping instructions are intruiging — but do n't be put off because it 's actually quite easy — one braid , one twist and one round ball . better yet , bread itself is slightly sweet and tender , with the barest floral hint . it yields a beautiful loaf , ready to grace the fanciest table .

sponge

113 g warm milk
149 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

dough

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g unsalted butter
35 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 large eggs , lightly beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon rum extract or 1 to 2 drops butter-rum flavor
1 teaspoon lemon zest

topping ( optional )

1 large egg , lightly beaten
sparkling white sugar

to make the sponge : in a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine the warm milk , 1 1/4 cups flour , and the yeast . stir until the dough comes together in a slightly sticky ball . cover the bowl and let the dough rest in a warm place until it 's puffy , about 1 hour . ( see `` tips , '' below . ) to make the dough : add the remaining ingredients and mix , then knead , until the dough is soft and smooth . cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's puffy . to shape the dough traditionally : this method requires a 9 '' round pan at least 3 '' deep ; if you have one , go for it ! turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface . remove one-quarter of the dough , and divide it into three pieces : two handball-sized ( about 2 1/4 ounces , 64g each ) , and one golf ball-sized ( about 1 3/4 ounces , 50g ) . set these aside , covered . divide the remaining larger portion of dough into three pieces , each about 6 1/2 ounces ( 184g ) . roll each of these pieces into a 24 '' -long rope . braid the ropes in a simple three-strand braid , then arrange the braid in a circle around the inside bottom edge of a greased 9 '' springform or other 3 '' deep baking pan . roll each of the two handball-sized pieces of dough into a very thin 28 '' -long rope . loosely twist the two ropes together , and lay this twist atop the braid , again at the outside edge of the pan . roll the remaining piece of dough into a smooth ball , flatten it slightly , and place it in the center of the pan ; it wo n't fill all of the space , which is ok. to shape the dough faster : if you do n't have a 9 '' x 3 '' pan , use this method . divide the dough into three pieces , each about 8 1/2 ounces ( 240g ) . roll each piece into a 30 '' -long rope . braid the ropes , then place the braid in a circle on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , flattening and overlapping the ends slightly . cover the pan ( or the loaf on the baking sheet ) and let the bread rise until very puffy , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350°f . brush it with beaten egg and sprinkle it with sparkling white sugar , if desired . bake the bread in a preheated 350°f oven for 15 minutes , then lower the temperature to 325°f and bake for 30 minutes longer , until golden and the internal temperature registers 195°f to 200°f on an instant read thermometer inserted into the center . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool it on a wire rack . store , covered , at room temperature for 5 days . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

note : use the dough setting on your bread machine to bring the dough to this point , if desired .


chicago red hot poppy seed buns

like chicago itself , the hot dog buns there are substantial : no undersized , spongy supermarket dog buns for this creation ! in the windy city you 'll find a big , chewy poppy seed bun that has enough oomph to support the skyscraper constructions that chicagoland natives depend on for a quick lunch . here 's our version .

buns

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g king arthur easy-roll dough improver or baker 's special dry milk ; optional , but helpful for shaping buns
57 g butter or 1 3/4 ounces vegetable oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
227 g water
1 large egg yolk , white reserved for topping

topping

1 large egg white , reserved from the dough
2 teaspoons cold water
2 teaspoons poppy seeds

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — until the dough is smooth and satiny . put the dough in a greased bowl , cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and let the dough rise in a warm , draft-free spot until it 's doubled , about 90 minutes to 2 hours . divide the dough into 10 pieces ; if you have a scale , they 'll weigh about 2 1/2 ounces ( 71g ) each . shape each piece into a rough 3 '' log , and let the logs rest , covered , for about 10 minutes . working with one piece of dough at a time , flatten it , and fold it in half lengthwise , sealing the seam . repeat : flatten , fold , and seal . by this time the log will have elongated a bit ; flatten it one more time , making a 6 '' oval that 's as even as you can get it . lay the bun on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . repeat with the remaining pieces of dough , laying the buns about 3/4 '' from one another , for soft-sided buns ; or farther apart for buns with crust all around . cover the buns lightly with greased plastic wrap , and let them rise until they 're noticeably puffy but not doubled , about 1 hour . preheat the oven to 350°f . mix the reserved egg white with 2 teaspoons cold water , and brush the mixture over the top of the risen buns . sprinkle heavily with poppy seeds . bake the buns for about 18 minutes , until they 're golden brown . they may seem slightly `` damp . '' that 's ok ; they 'll dry as they cool . remove the buns from the oven , and place them on a rack to cool . store the buns in a plastic bag for a few days on the counter , or store for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

the midwest has a number of culinary traditions , and one of the biggest surprises is the simple hot dog . people in chicago are very , very serious about hot dogs . the number of toppings and the specific sequence of layering on the dog of your choice are practically mind-boggling.first of all , there is the chicago red hot , `` dragged through the garden . '' this means a vienna beef frank , topped with ( in order , please ) yellow mustard ; sweet green pickle relish ; chopped onion ; chopped fresh tomato or tomato wedges ; a kosher dill pickle spear ; `` sport '' peppers ( tiny pickled hot green peppers ) ; and celery salt . this is the dog you 'll find at wrigley field , home of the cubs.other vendors stray off the trail somewhat , but in general a chicago hot dog may have onions , sauerkraut , hot peppers , mustard , and the brightest neon green relish you 've ever seen riding on top . sometimes chili , sometimes cheese . ketchup ? well , all right , if you really must ; people in chicago are way too polite to scoff at you , but you will have branded yourself a non-native at the least . and a potential sissy at worst.can you substitute another type of seeds for poppy seeds ? or leave the seeds off entirely ? of course ; you just wo n't have an authentic chicago hotdog bun.can you make these buns with whole wheat flour ? it 'll change their texture and flavor , but sure . start by substituting 2/3 cup whole wheat flour for 2/3 cup of the all-purpose flour . if you like the result , substitute a greater amount of whole wheat next time .


saffron buns

tender and lightly sweetened , luminous as gold , these saffron buns are a wonderful breakfast treat , spread with sweet butter .

buns

57 g hot water
1/4 teaspoon crushed saffron threads
113 g whole milk
64 g sugar
28 g butter , softened
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 large egg
18 g instant yeast ( saf gold instant yeast preferred )
361 g to 390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

topping

1 egg white beaten lightly with a teaspoon of water
pearl sugar or other coarse sugar

combine the hot water and saffron , and let sit for 10 minutes to soften the saffron . in a mixing bowl , beat together the saffron water , milk , sugar , butter , salt , egg , yeast , and 2 cups of the flour . add enough of the remaining flour to make a soft dough . knead the dough ( about 15 minutes by hand , 8 minutes in an electric mixer , 90 seconds in a food processor , or in your bread machine using the dough cycle ) . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and set it aside to rise until puffy ( but not necessarily doubled in bulk ) , about 2 hours . gently deflate the dough , and let it rest , covered , for 10 minutes . lightly grease a 12 '' deep-dish pizza pan or 9 '' x 13 '' pan . divide the dough into 16 pieces , and shape each piece into a ball . place the balls fairly close together ( but not touching ) in your pan , cover the pan , and let them rise until they 're puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 375°f . glaze the buns with the beaten egg white , and sprinkle them heavily with pearl sugar . bake the buns for 20 minutes , or until they 're golden brown . ( watch them closely at the end ; because of their high sugar content , they tend to brown quickly . ) serve with butter or devon cream .




sprouted wheat jalapeño pretzel braid with skillet queso

`` soft , hot pretzels made with sprouted wheat and fresh , spicy jalapeños , served up for a crowd ... and dipped in homemade , so-much-better-than-just-plain-ol ’ -melted-cheddar queso '' — that 's the tempting description penned by the author of this recipe , katherine hysmith of the young austinian . sprouted wheat flour makes a soft , silky , easy-to-handle dough — perfect when you 're shaping a large braid like this one .

pretzel

4 jalapeño peppers , halved ; stems and seeds removed
354 g lukewarm water , divided
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g sprouted wheat flour
14 g brown sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
2 teaspoons salt
57 g butter , melted

water bath

water
28 g baking soda

topping

1 large egg white
14 g water
pretzel salt

queso dip

14 g butter
1 tablespoon king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
227 g half & half or whole milk , plus more to thin to desired consistency
170 g shredded monterey jack cheese
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
salt

to make the pretzel : place the jalapeños and 1 tablespoon of water in a mini food processor or blender and pulse until the peppers are finely diced and slightly puréed . alternatively , finely dice the peppers by hand . in a large bowl , combine the 1 1/2 cups water , flours , sugar , yeast , salt , butter , and jalapeño purée . mix and knead until smooth , using a stand mixer , your hands , or a bread machine set to the dough cycle . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and set it in a warm place to rise until doubled , about 60 to 90 minutes . start preheating the oven to 450°f . line a large baking sheet with parchment paper . lightly flour a flat work surface . deflate the risen dough and divide it into eight equal pieces . gently roll the pieces into long , thin ropes about 20 ” to 22 ” long . let the ropes rest for about 10 minutes , uncovered . to prepare the water bath : boil water and pour it into a large , wide bowl , filling the bowl at least halfway . add the baking soda and stir ; it won ’ t dissolve entirely , but whisk or stir vigorously enough that you dissolve most of it . to shape the pretzel : twist together two of the ropes and shape them into a small ring . braid together three ropes and form into a ring around the outside of the twisted ropes . braid together the final three ropes and form a third ring around the previous one . trim the edges of each ring as needed . there should be a small hole left in the middle of the three rings . carefully slip the smallest ring into a colander , then dunk colander and ring into the water bath . let the ring sit , submerged , for about 2 minutes . remove the ring from the water , and transfer it to the prepared baking sheet . repeat with remaining two rings . reform the concentric rings on the baking sheet , tucking in any edges as necessary . to make the topping : in a small bowl , whisk together the egg white and water . lightly brush the rings with the egg white/water and liberally sprinkle with pretzel salt . place the pretzel on a rack towards the bottom of the oven . bake for 10 minutes , rotate the pan ( back to front , front to back ) , and tent lightly with foil . continue baking until the pretzel is a deep golden brown , about 10 more minutes . remove the pretzel from the oven , and transfer it to a rack to cool . to make the queso dip : in a large skillet set over medium-high heat , melt the butter . add the flour and quickly whisk to form a roux , cooking for about 30 seconds . add the half & half and whisk briskly until smooth . lower the heat and add the cheese and chili powder , stirring until smooth . add more half & half or milk , about a tablespoon at a time , to thin to desired consistency ; salt to taste . serve alongside the pretzel . store any leftover pretzel well-wrapped , at room temperature , for several days ; freeze for longer storage . refrigerate any leftover dip for up to a week .




savory cheddar cheese bread

the bite of cheese in a loaf of plain white bread is always welcome . this bread is very close-grained , and is wonderful for toast or sandwiches — especially grilled cheese ! the addition of a half teaspoon of tabasco sauce gives the bread just a hint of heat . the loaf is designed to bake in a zojirushi full-sized bread machine , though you can certainly prepare and bake the dough by hand : after its first rise , shape the dough and place it in an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pan ; let it rise , then bake it in a preheated 350°f oven for about 35 to 40 minutes .

227 g lukewarm milk*
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon sugar
113 g grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese ; we prefer cabot extra-sharp
28 g vermont cheese powder**
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/2 to 1 teaspoon tabasco sauce , optional
*add an additional tablespoon of milk during the winter , or if you live in a dry climate .
**substitute grated parmesan cheese , if desired .

put all of the ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine in the order designated . program the machine for basic bread , light crust setting . press start . check the dough after about 10 minutes of kneading ; it should have formed a cohesive ball , and be slightly sticky . adjust its consistency with additional milk or flour , if necessary . allow the machine to complete its cycle . remove the bread from the machine , and cool it on a rack . yield : 1 loaf .




thai chicken pizza

a fusion of asian and american , this pizza offers a 100 % whole wheat crust topped with spicy peanut sauce , scallions and chicken for a savory , flavorful treat . the overnight starter develops flavor and strength for the crust while the chicken marinates in asian fish sauce and a touch of chili garlic sauce . fresh lime juice adds a bright note . this pizza will linger on your taste buds and your mind for hours , you 'll be glad to know that the recipe makes two medium sized pizzas . one bite , and it 's hard to stop ! for step by step photos be sure to check out this recipe on our baker 's banter blog .

overnight starter

113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
small pinch of instant yeast
113 g cool tap water

dough

all of the overnight starter
283 g cool water
312 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
3/4 teaspoon instant yeast

thai chicken topping

6-227 g boneless , skinless chicken breast
85 g thai fish sauce
juice of 1 lime
53 g packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon thai chili garlic paste
113 g thai spicy peanut sauce
1 small bunch scallions , chopped
113 g shredded mozzerella cheese , or pizza cheese blend
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro

the evening before you want to make the pizza , you are going to make an overnight starter . in a medium bowl mix the flour and yeast . stir in the cold water until all is well blended . the mixture will be slightly sticky . if it seems too thick or dry add another tablespoon of water to adjust the consistency . if it seems soupy , add another tablespoon of flour.lightly cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 12-15 hours . it will puff slightly and develop flavor and structure . in the bowl of your stand mixer , place all of the overnight starter . add the cool water and stir to break up the starter . add the remaining flour , salt and yeast . mix the dough on speed 2 for 5 minutes . this dough is a wet dough , do n't be tempted to add more flour . remove the dough hook , loosely cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature to rise.this dough will need folds to help develop structure . every 30 minutes for 2 hours ( a total of 3 folds ) , you will be folding the dough over on itself in the bowl . dip your hands in a bowl of cool water . this will help prevent the dough from sticking to you . 2 ) grasp the dough on one side and lift it slightly , pulling to fold it over the rest of the dough . give the bowl a quarter turn and repeat the fold . turn the bowl and repeat again . re-cover the bowl and set aside for another 30 minutes.remember , you will fold the dough a total of 3 times over the course of the 2 hour rise , plus the final turn out for shaping . cut the chicken breast into large chunks . place in a medium non-reactive bowl and add the fish sauce , lime juice , brown sugar and chili garlic paste . mix well and refrigerate , covered , for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight . this can be done at the same time as the overnight starter , if desired . to cook the chicken for topping , heat a saute pan over medium high heat . add the chicken and about half of the marinade . cook until the chicken is no longer pink inside and the liquid has reduced and coats the chicken . the chicken should still be quite moist at this point . set aside to cool slightly , then chop into small bite sized pieces.why chop after cooking ? larger pieces keep the chicken moist during cooking , so it does n't dry out on the pizza . preheat the oven to 450°f for 30-45 minutes . remove half of the dough to a sheet of parchment or to a well floured surface . wet you hands with cool water and gently press the dough into a circle , about 10 inches in diameter . if the dough resists stretching , let it rest for a few minutes , then shape again . keep your fingertips wet to prevent sticking and tearing of the dough . for each pizza top with half of the thai peanut sauce , half of the chopped scallions , half of the chicken and half of the pizza cheese . bake the pizza for 10-15 minutes , until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is bubbly . remove from the oven , top with fresh chopped cilantro and serve . ice cold singha thai beer is a plus !




strawberry swirl no-knead brioche

tender , buttery , and slightly sweet , this easy-to-make loaf comes to us courtesy of alexandra stafford 's cookbook , bread toast crumbs . it looks ( and tastes ! ) like it came from a high-end bakery case .

dough

390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt or 1 teaspoon table salt
35 g granulated sugar
2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
43 g unsalted butter , melted
227 g lukewarm water
57 g whole milk
1 large egg

filling

255 g of your favorite strawberry jam

egg wash

1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water

to make the dough : in a large bowl , whisk together the flour , salt , sugar , and yeast . in a separate large bowl , combine the melted butter , water , and milk . add the egg and whisk to combine . pour the wet ingredients into the dry and mix until combined — the dough will be wet and sticky . cover the bowl with a tea towel or plastic wrap and let the dough rise in a warm spot for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , until doubled in bulk . to assemble : when the dough has risen , use a dough scraper or two forks to pull the dough from the edges of the bowl and press it down into the center , turning the bowl as you go until you ’ ve gone all the way around . divide the dough in half and form each half into a 6 ” round . let the dough rest for 20 minutes without touching it . place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat it to 375°f . generously sprinkle your work surface with flour . grease a 9 ” x 5 ” loaf pan . transfer one dough ball to the work surface and gently stretch it from the center out into an 8 ” x 11 ” oval or rectangle . spread half of the jam over the rectangle . starting from one short end of the oval/rectangle , roll the dough tightly into a coil . repeat with the second round . lay one rolled coil over the other to make a plus sign . twist the ends around each other to create a spiral . transfer the spiral to the prepared pan . brush the top with egg wash ; do n't cover the pan . let the dough rise in a warm , draft-free spot for 15 to 20 minutes , until it 's crested the rim of the pan . bake the bread for 45 minutes , until the top is golden brown and firm to the touch . remove it from the oven and turn it out onto a cooling rack . let it cool for 20 minutes before slicing . store bread , well wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .




telera rolls

this staple bread for mexican sandwiches is made in bakeries all over mexico ; it 's a smaller cousin of french bread , with a softer texture inside , and a crispy crust on the outside . telera rolls show up at any meal , split and adorned with any number of luscious fillings . telera are most often used for the mexican sandwich known as a torta , which usually contains mashed avocado , a spread made if black beans or refried beans , pickled jalapenos , lettuce , tomato , and onion .

dough

2 teaspoons instant yeast
340 g water
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon lard , shortening , or butter , melted and cooled
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
422 to 482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

glaze

1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water

in a large bowl or the pan of your bread machine set on the dough cycle , combine the yeast , water , honey , melted fat , salt , and 3 1/2 cups of the flour . mix until a soft dough forms . check the doughs consistency ; if the dough sticks to your finger when you touch it lightly , add 1/4 cup of the additional flour and mix for another minute . check the dough again , adding the remaining 1/4 cup of flour only if you need it ; the dough should be soft , but not sticky . knead for 6 to 8 minutes at medium speed in a stand mixer , or 10 minutes by hand , until it 's smooth and bouncy . cover the bowl and let rise for 1 hour , until doubled , or let the bread machine complete its cycle . once the dough has risen , deflate it and divide into 10 pieces , roll into balls , and cover the pieces . let them rest for 5 minutes before shaping the rolls into a football shape , tapering toward the edges ; the rolls should be 5 1/2 '' long and 2 '' around at the center . place the rolls onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet and cover with greased plastic . allow the rolls to rise while turning the oven on and preheating to 400°f when the rolls are almost doubled in size , brush the tops and sides with egg wash . using a greased knife , slash the rolls twice parallel to each other . press down firmly with each slice . bake for 20 to 22 minutes , until golden brown and the centers read 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove from the oven and cool completely before slicing .




gluten-free cinnamon rolls

there 's nothing quite like the aroma of fresh cinnamon rolls baking in the oven — surely a must-have on everyone 's breakfast treat list . here 's a gluten-free version of cinnamon rolls that 's sure to warm your home on sunday morning .

dough

390 g king arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour
35 g sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
2 teaspoons instant yeast
57 g soft butter
25 g vegetable oil
227 g warm milk , plus extra for brushing on the dough
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor

filling

213 g brown sugar
4 teaspoons cinnamon
85 g soft butter

icing*

85 g soft cream cheese
340 g glazing sugar or confectioners ' sugar
57 g soft butter
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
*see `` tips , '' below .

to make the dough : combine all the dry ingredients in your mixer bowl . add the soft butter , blending on low speed until you have coarse crumbs . add the oil , milk , egg , and flavorings , beating until incorporated . scrape down the sides of the bowl . beat on medium-high speed for 3 minutes ; do n't take a shortcut here , beat for the full 3 minutes . scrape the bowl down again ; the dough will be the consistency of very thick cake batter . cover the dough and let it rise for about 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until visibly puffy . while the dough is rising , make the cinnamon filling . combine the brown sugar , cinnamon , and soft butter to make a paste . when the dough has risen , turn it out onto a lightly greased piece of parchment paper or waxed paper and press it gently into an 8 '' x 16 '' rectangle . make sure to grease the parchment or waxed paper ; you 'll be glad you did once you start rolling the dough into a log . brush milk over the surface of the dough ; this will help keep the rolls and filling from separating as they bake . crumble the filling into small pieces and sprinkle it across the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' to 1 '' border of filling-free dough around the edges . with the long edge of the parchment closest to you , roll the dough forward , allowing the paper to do the work for you . the dough should release from the paper as you roll . cut the log into 8 slices , using a sharp serrated knife or dental floss . to use floss , draw it under the dough and pull each end simultaneously across the top to cut the rolls . for best results , place each roll into the well of a well-greased muffin pan ; they 'll rise higher with the support of the pan . allow the rolls to rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , until puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're golden brown . while the rolls are baking , make the icing . mix the cream cheese , sugar , butter , and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth . remove the rolls from the oven . ice them immediately .

tips from our bakers

if you like a heavily iced cinnamon bun , this recipe is for you . if you 're more partial to a drizzle of sweet icing across the top of your bun , we recommend cutting the ingredient amounts for the icing in half.want to make a savory version of these rolls ? prepare the dough as directed above , using just 1 tablespoon sugar , and omitting the vanilla and sweet dough flavor . make the filling from our butterflake herb loaf recipe . pat out the gluten-free dough as directed above . melt the butter/herb filling , and spread half of it over the dough ( reserve the rest for later ) . add a sprinkle of parmesan cheese too , if desired . roll the dough up the long way , and cut into 12 slices . bake in a muffin tin , according to the instructions above . remove the baked rolls from the oven , and dip the top of each into the remaining melted butter/herb filling . serve warm .


vanilla cheesecake

did you ever realize what a handy little oven your programmable zojirushi bread machine is ? beyond bread , you can make soup and stew , casseroles and hot dips , jam and risotto and — cheesecake .

filling

539 g cream cheese , at room temperature
149 g sugar
3 large eggs , at room temperature
21 g lemon juice
21 g vanilla extract
28 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

crust

57 g graham crackers
4 teaspoons sugar
28 g melted butter

remove the paddles from the bread machine bucket . spray the inside with non-stick vegetable oil spray , coating well . program the machine for bake , 30 minutes ; add the 1-hour keep warm option . set your own timer for 25 minutes . to make the filling : beat together the cream cheese and sugar at medium-low speed until smooth . you do n't want to beat a lot of air into the cheese ; cheesecakes are supposed to be somewhat dense . add the eggs one at a time , beating thoroughly ( again , at medium-low speed ) after each . scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl , and continue to beat until smooth . stir in the lemon juice , vanilla , and flour . spoon the batter into the bucket , smoothing the top . press start ; start your own 25-minute timer , too . to make the crust : crush the graham crackers , and combine with the remaining crust ingredients , stirring until evenly crumbly . when the 25-minute timer goes off , open the lid , and quickly and gently spread the crumbs over the filling , pressing them down gently . shut the lid , and let the machine finish its entire cycle , through `` keep warm . '' remove the bucket from the machine , and allow the cake to cool to room temperature right in the bucket . when it 's cool , cover the bucket and refrigerate until serving time . to serve the cheesecake : loosen the edges of the cake with a plastic knife or spatula . if you have a zo virtuoso , fasten a double piece of aluminum foil to the top of the bucket ( inside the handles ) , sealing it completely . holding the bottom of the foil , turn the bucket over , and tap it gently on the counter to loosen the cake , which should drop onto the foil . if you have a different model zo ( one without handles ) , simply turn it upside-down over a serving plate , and gently wiggle/shake the pan to make the cake fall out onto the plate . some of the crumbs will fall off ; that 's ok , simply nudge them back towards the crust . cut the cake into squares or long slices . serve as is ; or top with fruit , if desired . refrigerate any leftovers . yield : one cake , about 8 servings .

tips from our bakers

older-model zo 's , whose buckets do n't have a handle , make turning the cake out of the pan easier . however , if you have a newer model , one whose bucket has handles , simply follow the directions at right , and you should be fine . understand that this is n't the most gorgeous cake in the world ; but it 's certainly tasty.do n't have a zojirushi ? try our easy cheesecake , or our ny cheesecake .


a smaller 100 % whole wheat pain de mie

the best bread for thin-slicing is called pain de mie , a butter- and milk-rich loaf baked in a special lidded pan ( often called a pullman pan ) . the lid ensures that the baking bread wo n't expand too much , keeping it very close-grained — and thus totally non-crumbly , and easy to slice . this 100 % whole wheat bread , baked in a smaller-than-normal 9 '' pain de mie pan , is gently sweetened with honey . it yields a soft sandwich-type loaf that 's probably the most kid-friendly whole wheat bread we 've ever found .

170 g lukewarm milk
152 g lukewarm water
57 g butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
43 g honey
32 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour or potato flakes or buds
397 g king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour*
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
*for the very best results , we recommend our white whole wheat flour , either regular or organic . using a traditional whole wheat flour , one milled from red wheat , will give you a stronger-flavored , less kid-friendly loaf .

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise till puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . lightly grease a small ( 9 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' ) lidded pain de mie ( pullman ) pan . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , shape it into a log , and fit it into the pan . flatten the top as much as possible . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise until its domed center is about 3/4 '' below the lip of the pan , about 60 to 90 minutes . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . remove the plastic , and carefully slip the cover onto the pan . bake the bread for 30 minutes . remove the pan from the oven , carefully remove the lid , and return the bread to the oven to bake for an additional 10 minutes , until it 's golden-brown on top and tests done ; an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . for a soft , flavorful crust , brush the loaf with melted butter while warm . yield : 1 loaf .




westphalian rye bread

germany is known for its rye breads . raisin rye represents the sweet end of the spectrum , while sour rye , made with a tart starter , will pucker your mouth like a dill pickle.westphalia , a northwestern german state , is famous for both its unctuous , lightly smoked ham , and its dense , dark pumpernickel . both are sliced ultra-thin , then served with one another in a perfect marriage of bread and meat . accompanied by sweet butter , perhaps some smoked sausage , and a stein of beer or glass of schnapps , this is a standard westphalian repast.the following rye bread mimics westphalian rye , but is prepared in a less time-consuming manner . do n't be discouraged while preparing the dough ; it 's very heavy and sticky , more like mortar than bread dough , and it 's therefore most easily mixed in a stand mixer , food processor or bread machine .

680 g boiling water
149 g cracked wheat
57 g malted wheat flakes or rolled oats
1 tablespoon burnt sugar syrup , or 2 teaspoons caramel color , black cocoa , or burnt sugar made from 1/3 cup sugar ( see `` tips '' , below . )
425 g pumpernickel flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g vegetable oil

put the cracked wheat and malted wheat flakes or oats in a large mixing bowl , and pour in the boiling water . stir in the burnt sugar , caramel color , or black cocoa . allow the mixture to cool to lukewarm . stir in the pumpernickel flour , whole wheat flour , yeast , salt and vegetable oil . if you 're looking for a typical yeast dough here , forget it ; the mixture will be sticky and have about as much life as a lump of clay . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover it with a damp towel , and let it sit in a warm place ( 70-75°f ) for at least 12 hours , and up to 24 hours . after 6 to 8 hours , fold the mixture over once or twice , then cover it again and allow it to continue to mellow . ( we hesitate to use the word `` rise '' here ; though there is in fact a bit of yeast in the dough , it 'll rise very little . ) after the mellowing period is complete , grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' pans . the dough will look `` cracked '' or `` broken '' at this point ; that 's ok . turn it out onto a floured or lightly greased work surface , knead until it holds together , then divide it in half . press each half into a loaf pan , smoothing the surface with wet hands . let the loaves sit , covered , for 1 1/2 hours ; they 'll rise just slightly . preheat the oven to 225°f . grease two pieces of aluminum foil , then cover the pans tightly with the foil , greased-side down . place the covered pans in the oven . bake the bread for 5 hours . after 5 hours , remove the foil from the pans , and check to see that the bread is firm and looks set — it should register 195°f on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a loaf . remove the bread from the oven . let it cool in the pans for 15 minutes to firm . remove it from the pans and allow to cool to lukewarm before wrapping in plastic wrap or a dishtowel . cool for 8 hours or more before slicing . store , covered , at room temperature for a week . freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

to make burnt sugar : place 1/3 cup sugar in a small saucepan . heat over medium heat until the sugar melts . continue cooking the sugar until it turns dark brown and begins to smoke . remove it from the heat and allow it to cool for 5 minutes . add 1 cup boiling water and stir until the sugar is dissolved . use this water for 1 cup of the boiling water called for in the recipe.to make this bread as one loaf , use a 13 '' loaf pan ; we like our 13 '' pain de mie ( pullman loaf ) pan . prepare and bake the bread as instructed , covering it with a greased piece of aluminum foil or with the lid of your pain de mie loaf pan.notice the difference in color between the dough and the finished loaf ; the long bake promotes caramelization of the flour 's natural sugars , and this deepens the loaf 's color to a rich chocolate brown . serve this bread sliced extra-thin ; prosciutto is probably the ham that most clearly mimics westphalian , if you ca n't obtain the authentic article .


pain de mie grilled bacon , tomato , and pimento cheese

when we made these meltingly delicious sandwiches in the test kitchen , they were devoured just about as quickly as they came off the panini press . one taster proclaimed that it was the best `` toasted cheese '' he 'd ever eaten , while many others admitted to going weak at the knees upon their first bite . thus , we can highly recommend these sandwiches for any crowd . our bread of choice is pain de mie , which has a nice , tight crumb that toasts up beautifully , complementing perfectly its ooey-gooey cheese filling .

227 g mayonnaise
57 g vermont cheese powder
340 g grated cheddar cheese , cabot brand preferred
1 4-ounce jar diced pimiento , drained
18 slices pain de mie bread
2 medium tomatoes , thinly sliced
454 g bacon , cooked
soft butter or mayonnaise , for spreading on sandwiches

mix together the mayonnaise , cheese powder , grated cheese , and pimiento . spread an even , 1/8 '' -thick layer of the mayo/cheese mixture onto one side of each slice of bread — a jumbo cookie scoop is an easy way to measure the quantity of cheese you 'll need for a typical slice . top nine slices of the cheese-slathered bread with slices of bacon and tomato . place the remaining slices of bread , cheese side down , on top of the sandwich . spread a thin layer of butter or mayonnaise on both sides of the sandwich . cook the sandwiches until golden brown in a panini press , on a griddle , or in a frying pan set over medium heat . if you 're cooking on a griddle or in a pan , you 'll need to flip the sandwiches over in order to get both sides toasted ) . yield : 9 sandwiches .




easy whole wheat apple-raisin bread

quick breads — easy , stir-together batter breads — are a great place to try whole wheat flour . when they 're darker in color like this one , your family will never know you 're treating them to some healthy fiber along with a delicious slice of bread . this tasty loaf , packed with raisins and nuts , is pleasantly dense , with a crisp crust and moist interior . it 's best to let it rest overnight before serving , as several readers have suggested below . thanks to `` janiebakes , '' on our king arthur community , for posting an apple cake recipe that inspired this bread .

113 g butter
159 g brown sugar
2 large eggs
255 g applesauce
28 g boiled cider , apple juice , or water
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root or 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger , optional
255 g king arthur white whole wheat flour or premium whole wheat flour
170 g raisins , golden or dark
85 g chopped walnuts or pecans
coarse white sparkling sugar or cinnamon-sugar , for sprinkling on top , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . beat the butter and sugar until smooth . beat in the egg ; scrape the bottom and sides of the bowl , and beat until smooth . beat in the applesauce and boiled cider , juice , or water . stir in the baking soda , baking powder , salt , cinnamon , ginger , and flour , mixing until well-combined . stir in the raisins and nuts . spoon the batter into the prepared pan , smoothing the top . sprinkle with coarse white sparkling sugar or cinnamon-sugar , if desired . bake the bread for 60 to 70 minutes , until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . the center of the loaf should register at least 200°f on an instant-read thermometer ; when the tip of the thermometer is inserted just under the crust , it should read at least 175°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 10 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . when completely cool , wrap tightly in plastic , and store at room temperature . the loaf will remain fresh for several days ; for longer storage , freeze . yield : one 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf .

tips from our bakers

can you leave out the nuts ? substitute another dried fruit for the raisins ? sure . we suggest adding 1 1/2 to 2 cups of your favorite combination of dried fruits/nuts/chips ; but if you want a plain applesauce loaf , that 's ok , too . understand your loaf will be a bit smaller.the texture and flavor of this loaf are improved by a rest after baking . wrap the completely cool loaf in plastic , and set it aside for several hours , or overnight , before slicing .


crunchy seed braid

this interesting loaf not only has seeds showered on top , but a swirl of seeds within . with the addition of our harvest grains blend , a crunchy combo of seeds and whole grains , this is one tasty loaf ! read our blog about this bread , with additional photos , at flourish .

dough

283 g lukewarm water
35 g vegetable oil
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
170 g king arthur whole wheat flour , white wheat preferred
85 g harvest grains blend
43 g traditional rolled oats
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping

1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water
85 g mixed seeds : poppy , sesame , flax , fennel , and anise are all good choices , as is our artisan bread topping

mix all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , stand mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , supple dough . place the dough in a lightly greased , covered container , and allow it to rise for 60 to 90 minutes . it 'll become quite puffy , though it may not double in bulk . gently deflate the dough , and divide it into three pieces . roll/stretch each piece into a 24 '' log . brush the logs with the beaten egg white , coating them as well as you can . sprinkle with the seeds . roll them over , brush with egg white , and sprinkle on more seeds . roll them around a bit , to coat as completely as possible . allow the logs to rest for 15 minutes , uncovered . squeeze the three logs together at one end . braid into a braid . when you get to the end , squeeze the three pieces together and tuck them underneath . transfer the braid to a lightly greased or parchment-lined pan , brush with more egg white , and and sprinkle with any leftover seeds . cover the braid , and let it rise for 1 hour , till the braid has become noticeably puffy . toward the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . bake the bread for 15 minutes . tent it lightly with foil ( to prevent over-browning ) , reduce the oven temperature to 350°f , and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes , until the crust is golden and the braid 's internal temperature registers 190°f . remove it from the oven , and cool on a rack . yield : 1 large loaf .




italian bread 101

you know that italian bread you get at the supermarket , the crunchy braid loaded with sesame seeds ? you 've found a recipe for that delicious loaf . dish up the pasta !

overnight starter

85 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g lukewarm water
1/8 teaspoon instant yeast or active dry yeast

dough

2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast
170 g lukewarm water
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt

topping

1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon water
sesame seeds

to make the starter : mix the starter ingredients in a small bowl , cover , and let rest at room temperature overnight . combine the starter and the remainder of the dough ingredients . mix , then knead the dough — by hand , mixer , or bread machine set on the dough cycle — to make a soft , fairly smooth dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise for 90 minutes , turning it over and gently deflating it after 45 minutes . if you 're using a bread machine , remove the dough when the cycle is finished , deflate it gently , and let it rest , covered , for 30 minutes . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and divide it into three pieces . roll each piece of dough into an 18 '' rope . braid the ropes ( tucking the ends under ) , and set the braid on a lightly greased baking sheet . cover the braid , and let rise it rise for about 60 to 90 minutes , or until it 's very puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 425°f . uncover the braid . brush it with the egg white glaze , and sprinkle it heavily with sesame seeds . bake the braid for 25 to 35 minutes ; the longer it bakes , the crunchier it 'll be . when fully baked , the braid 's internal temperature should measure at least 190°f on a digital thermometer . remove the braid from the oven and cool it on a rack . for extra crispness , cool it in the turned-off oven with the door propped open . store the braid in a paper bag for 24 hours ; wrap in plastic and freeze for longer storage .




robin 's ethereal air bread

here it is : the recipe for our awesome sandwich bread . are you tired of homemade bread that tastes great but crumbles ? or , how about the loaf that comes out too small to make a sandwich ? you know , the one that leaves you hungry at 3:30 ? well , here 's one solution . this bread passes the ultimate test : spreading cool peanut butter without tearing the bread . sturdy , light , and large : all the best traits are present in this particular loaf .

454 g room-temperature water ( see `` tips , '' below . )
25 g sugar
11 g active dry or instant yeast
723 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons barley malt syrup or powder
43 g unsalted butter , softened
1 tablespoon salt

dissolve the sugar in the water and add the yeast . stir in 1/2 cup of the all-purpose flour . let this sit for about 10 minutes to give the yeast a chance to get going . add the barley malt , the butter , the salt and about 3 cups of the flour to the yeast mixture . stir well . add another cup or two of the flour , gradually , until you have formed a shaggy mass of dough . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead it to create a smooth , supple — but tacky — dough . lightly grease a large bowl and place the dough in it , turning the dough to coat it with the oil . cover the bowl and let the dough rise until puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans . gently press the dough down in the bowl to expel all the air bubbles . put the dough on the counter and divide it evenly into two pieces . form each piece of dough into a loaf and place in the prepared loaf pans . cover the loaves with a dough rising cover or greased plastic . let the loaves rise in a draft-free place until they have crowned to 2 '' above the top of the pans , about 30 to 45 minutes . when the dough has about 15 minutes left to rise , preheat the oven to 325°f . bake the loaves for 35 to 45 minutes , until they are well-browned and sound hollow when thumped on the bottoms , or until their internal temperature reaches 190°f . place the loaves on a rack and brush with melted butter while still warm . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

substitute milk for all or part of the water . but , beware ; the milk will prevent the bread from rising quite as high as it does when made with water .


big-batch frosted cinnamon rolls

these light-as-a feather , generously sized rolls , with their crown of vanilla-scented icing , are perfect for a breakfast or brunch gathering . since the recipe makes 24 large rolls , it 's ideal for a crowd . and the rolls go quickly from bowl to oven , thanks to fleischmann's® rapidrise yeast and no initial rise in the bowl — a single rise , shaped and in the pan , is all it takes .

dough

907 g to 992 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour*
131 g granulated sugar
1 tablespoon salt**
2 envelopes fleischmann's® rapidrise yeast
340 g milk
113 g water
170 g butter*
2 large eggs
*see `` tips , '' below .
**if you use salted butter , reduce the salt to 2 1/2 teaspoons .

filling

99 g granulated sugar
57 g softened butter
1 1/2 tablespoons ( 4 1/2 teaspoons ) ground cinnamon

frosting

57 g softened butter
454 g confectioners ' sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt , optional ; for enhanced flavor
1/2 to 1 teaspoon vanilla extract , to taste ; optional
57 g to 85 g milk

to make the dough : combine 3 cups of the flour , the sugar , salt , and undissolved yeast in a large mixing bowl . heat the milk , water , and butter until very warm ( 120°f to 130°f ) . the butter does n't need to melt completely . add the liquid ingredients to the flour mixture , along with the eggs . beat for 2 minutes ; the mixture will be soupy . gradually beat in enough of the remaining flour to make a soft dough . in the winter , or under less humid conditions , you may not need all the flour ; in the summer , or when it 's humid , you 'll probably use it all . knead the dough until it 's smooth , elastic , yet still quite soft , about 6 to 8 minutes . cover it , and let it rest for 10 minutes . to make the filling : whisk together the sugar and cinnamon . set it aside . lightly grease two 9 '' x 13 '' pans ; or a 9 '' x 13 '' pan and two 9 '' round cake pans . divide the dough in half . working with one piece at a time , pat/roll the dough into a 10 '' x 15 '' rectangle . it 's a soft dough , and should handle easily . spread with half the softened butter ( 2 tablespoons ) . sprinkle with half the cinnamon-sugar . starting with a long side , gently roll the dough into a log , pinching the edge to seal as well as you can . cut the log into 12 pieces , and space them in the prepared pan . repeat with the remaining dough and filling . cover the pans , and let the rolls rise until they 're nearly doubled , about 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're golden brown . remove them from the oven , and cool them for at least 20 minutes before frosting . to make the frosting : combine the frosting ingredients , using enough milk to make a soft , spreadable frosting . spread the frosting on the rolls . serve immediately ; or cover loosely , and serve later . store well-wrapped , at room temperature , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

if you measure flour the `` heavy '' way , by dipping your cup into the flour bag , then tapping it to settle the flour and leveling it off ( rather than using the `` sprinkle and sweep '' method ) , start with 6 1/2 cups flour rather than 7 1/2 cups , and go up from there as needed . even better — use a scale , and use 32 to 35 ounces flour , enough to make a soft yet workable dough . if you use vanilla extract in the icing , it 'll be cream- to tan-colored , rather than bright white .


cranberry orange rolls

move over , cinnamon buns ! instead of cinnamon and sugar , we 've filled these moist , tender breakfast rolls with tart-sweet cranberry orange spread ( homemade or purchased ) . top them off with a luscious orange glaze for a decadent holiday treat .

dough

152 g lukewarm water
57 g orange juice
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g soft unsalted butter
1/4 teaspoon fiori di sicilia
2 teaspoons saf gold instant yeast
25 g sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
46 g potato flour

filling*

57 g orange juice
71 g light brown sugar
99 g fresh or frozen cranberries
57 g dried cranberries
pinch of salt
14 g melted butter
*use 3/4 cup prepared cranberry-orange jam , spread , or conserve , if desired .

icing

113 g confectioners ' sugar
3 to 5 drops fiori di sicilia
14 g to 28 g orange juice

to make the rolls : mix and knead all the ingredients together to make a soft , smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise until nearly doubled in bulk , about 60 minutes . to make the filling : combine all of the filling ingredients except the melted butter in a small , heavy saucepan . bring to a boil over medium-high heat , then reduce the heat to low and simmer for about 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until thickened . remove from the heat , and stir in the melted butter . set aside to cool . gently deflate the dough , and transfer it to a lightly greased work surface . pat it into a 16 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread the filling evenly over the dough . roll the dough into a log starting with a short edge ; pinch the seam closed . cut the log into 9 slices . place the rolls into a lightly greased 9 '' square ceramic baker ( or see `` tips '' below ) , cover , and let them rise until noticeably puffy , about 45 to 60 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls until they 're brown around the edges and golden brown in the center , about 25 to 35 minutes ; tent with foil if they appear to be browning too quickly . to make the icing : combine the sugar , fiori , and enough orange juice to make a spreadable icing . let the rolls cool for 10 minutes , then spread with the icing and serve . store any leftovers well-wrapped , at room temperature , for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

we prefer saf gold instant yeast for our sweet breads and rolls , but use saf red if that 's what you have on hand . just be sure to allow extra time for rising.if you do n't have fiori di sicilia , substitute 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in the rolls , and 1/2 teaspoon in the glaze.you can bake these rolls in a 9 '' square metal pan , reducing the bake time by about 5 minutes .


rye bread for sandwiches

nothing says lunch like a reuben on dry-grilled rye bread with corned beef , sauerkraut , and swiss cheese . add a kosher dill pickle for a mini version of paradise on earth .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
106 g pumpernickel flour
18 g rye bread improver
43 g molasses
14 g dried minced onions
7 g caraway seeds
2 teaspoons salt
25 g oil or 28 g butter , softened
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
283 g to 340 g lukewarm water

place all of the ingredients into the pan of your bread machine according to the manufacturer 's directions . program the machine for basic bread , and press start . check the dough about 10 minutes before the end of the final kneading cycle , and adjust its consistency by adding a tablespoon or so of water if it seems dry and looks `` gnarly . '' the dough should be firm , though slightly sticky . allow the machine to complete its cycle . remove the bread when it 's finished baking , and transfer it from the pan to a wire rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 4 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

you may also make this bread without the aid of a bread machine ; or make the dough in a bread machine , and bake it in the oven . simply make the dough using your usual method ( by hand , electric mixer or bread machine ) ; shape it into a log ; and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . allow the loaf to rise , covered , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . bake it in a preheated 350°f oven for 35 minutes , or until its interior temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pan , and cool it on a wire rack .


pennsylvania dutch hamburg barbecue sandwich

easy to fix and filling , this barbecue `` sauce '' is best served in a potato bun , with chips and pickles on the side and a cold glass of lemonade to cool you off . it 's got a tangy , sweet and sour flavor that 'll appeal even to the youngsters at the table .

potato buns

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g potato flour or potato flakes
35 g baker 's special dry milk or 21 g nonfat dry milk
25 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
227 g water
57 g butter

bun topping

14 g butter , melted

the sauce

454 g ground beef
156 g onion , diced
142 g ketchup
57 g water
a pinch each of salt and pepper
28 g vinegar
28 g brown sugar
1 teaspoon mustard , yellow or golden
1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce

to make the potato buns : combine all of the ingredients — by hand , stand mixer , or bread machine — to make a smooth , shiny , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 hour , depending on the warmth of your kitchen . transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface , and divide it into eight pieces . round each piece into a ball , cover the balls , and allow them to rest for 10 minutes . using your fingers , flatten each ball into a round . then use a rolling pin to make nice , smooth , 5 '' ( or so ) circles . they 'll shrink back to about 4 '' in diameter ; that 's ok. place the circles in a lightly greased pan or pans , sides touching , and let them rise , covered , for 60 to 90 minutes , or until they 're puffy . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the buns for about 15 minutes , or until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven , and brush them with melted butter . this will keep their crusts soft . let them cool on a wire rack . to make the sauce : in a large frying pan fry the hamburger and onions until browned , stirring often . drain off the fat . add the other ingredients and stir until well-mixed . simmer mixture for 20 to 30 minutes , stirring frequently . serve hot on a bun .

tips from our bakers

these soft , golden buns are the perfect vehicle for the sandwiches outlined above . use freshly mashed potatoes if you wish — about a half cup should do it , and do n't forget to reduce the water by 2 to 3 tablespoons — but we usually opt for potato flour , for the sake of convenience.our thanks to reader sheree mccleary for this recipe .


sea salt bread

this soft , flavorful bread is wonderful dipped into a soup , or served with an infused olive oil ; try a few splashes of our garlic oil .

dough

340 g lukewarm water
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
25 g olive oil
2 teaspoons maldon sea salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/2 teaspoon salt

topping

11 g olive oil
1 teaspoon maldon sea salt

combine all of the dough ingredients , and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until it 's smooth , soft , and slightly sticky , adding additional water or flour as needed . place the kneaded dough in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and let it rise at room temperature for about 1 hour , or until it 's puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or greased work surface . press it gently a few times to deflate it , then place it on a lightly greased baking sheet . pat and stretch the dough into a 10 '' x 12 '' oval . if it fights back , allow it to rest for 30 minutes or so , covered , then pat it out to the full size . brush it with oil , then sprinkle with salt . cover the bread , and let it rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until it 's very puffy looking . preheat your oven to 400°f . just before baking , gently dimple the surface of the bread with your fingers . bake it in the preheated oven for 22 to 25 minutes , until it 's golden brown . remove it from the oven , and immediately transfer it to a rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




candied cherry and almond biscotti

we feature the classic flavor combination of cherries and almonds in this crisp , elegant , easy-to-package holiday biscotti recipe . the candied cherries lend color and cheer , while the delicate toasted almond flavor might make you think of roasting nuts on an open fire .

85 g unsalted butter
131 g sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
2 large eggs
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
85 g sliced almonds , toasted
198 g candied cherries
bittersweet chocolate , for coating ( we like guittard bittersweet onyx wafers )

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a biscotti pan ( see `` tips , '' below , for a substitute pan suggestion ) . beat the butter , sugar , salt , extracts , and baking powder until smooth and creamy . beat in the eggs ; the batter may look slightly curdled . stir in the flour ; the dough will be smooth and sticky . stir in the almonds and cherries . place the dough into the prepared biscotti pan , leaving a ¾ '' margin free on each side of the pan to allow for expansion . smooth the top of the dough with a wet spatula or bowl scraper . bake the dough for 35 minutes ; remove it from the oven , and cool for 1 hour . turn it out of the pan . slice the log diagonally into 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' -thick pieces . place them on edge onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . preheat the oven to 325°f . bake for 20 to 25 minutes , until golden brown . remove the biscotti from the oven , and allow them to cool right on the baking sheet . once the biscotti are completely cool , melt the chocolate , and dip the ends of the biscotti into the melted chocolate . yield : 12 to 18 large biscotti .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a biscotti pan , lightly grease a baking sheet ( or line it with parchment ) . turn the dough out onto the baking sheet , and form it into a flattened log about 13 '' x 3 '' . bake the biscotti for 30 to 35 minutes ; let cool for 15 to 20 minutes . continue with the recipe beginning at step # 8 .


granary-style loaf

this is a bread beloved by the british . we call it `` granary-style '' loaf because granary flour is a proprietary brand sold by a specific company in england . but it 's reasonably easy to replicate by the savvy bread baker . here 's our version , close to the english , a full-flavored bread with a hint of sweetness and a bit of crunch .

454 g lukewarm water
21 g to 42 g barley malt syrup
128 g malted wheat flakes
241 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
11 g instant yeast
28 g melted butter or 25 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons salt
361 g to 482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or unbleached bread flour ( see `` tips , '' below . )

pour the 2 cups of water into a mixing bowl . stir in the barley malt , wheat flakes and white wheat flour . mix in the yeast , and allow this sponge to work for 15 to 20 minutes . stir in the butter or oil , salt , and about 2 1/2 cups of the all-purpose or bread flour . add flour slowly until you have a shaggy mass hat begins to hold together and pull away from the sides of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured or lightly greased work surface , and knead until it 's cohesive . give it a rest while you clean out and lightly oil your bowl . continue kneading for several minutes , adding only enough flour ( or oil ) to keep the dough from sticking to you or the work surface . return the dough to the bowl , turning to coat all sides , cover the bowl with a damp towel or plastic wrap , and let the dough rise until it 's puffy , about 1 1/2 hours . gently deflate the dough , cut it in half , and shape each half into a log . place the logs in two lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pans . allow the loaves to rise , covered , until they 're about three-quarters of the way to doubled , about an hour . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pans , and transfer it to a wire rack to cool . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

bread flour absorbs a bit more moisture than all-purpose , so you 'll need less bread flour when kneading .


pumpkin gingerbread with orange glaze

you can either make this gingerbread as a loaf or muffins . either way , the orange glaze adds the perfect finishing touch !

cake

170 g butter or 138 g vegetable shortening
266 g brown sugar
326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
57 g mini diced ginger
57 g diced pecans or 85 g chocolate chips , optional
3 large eggs
43 g molasses
425 g pumpkin pumpkin purée

glaze

142 g confectioners ' sugar
1/4 teaspoon orange oil or 1 tablespoon orange zest ( grated orange rind )
28 g water or milk

preheat your oven to 350°f . grease two 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans for loaves ; if you 're making muffins , grease 24 muffin cups , or line them with muffin papers . in a large bowl mix together the butter ( or shortening ) and brown sugar until well blended . add the flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , spices , ginger , and nuts or chips , if you 're using them . mix well — the batter will look crumbly . add the eggs one at a time , scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl after each addition . stir in the molasses and pumpkin , combining well . scoop the batter into the greased loaf pans or the muffin cups , filling the cups about 2/3 full . bake the muffins for 18 to 20 minutes , or until they 're lightly browned on the edges and the middle springs back when touched . bake the loaves for 50 to 55 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean . remove the bread from the oven and let it cool for 15 minutes before taking it out of the pan ( s ) . let it cool a bit , then glaze if desired . to make the glaze : whisk together all the ingredients , adding extra liquid until the glaze is smooth and the consistency of molasses . for a shiny finish , brush the glaze over the bread or muffins while they 're still warm ; for a thick white finish , cool the bread completely before glazing . store well wrapped on the counter for 3 to 4 days ; or freeze for up to 3 months .




gluten-free white chocolate hazelnut bread pudding

mellow , sweet , and nutty , this gluten-free comfort dessert will dazzle your palate with its smooth white chocolate custard and crunchy toasted hazelnuts .

142 g hazelnuts , toasted and roughly chopped
1/2 to 3/4 loaf gluten-free bread ( about 6-8 slices )
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
454 g heavy cream
454 g milk
8 large egg yolks
397 g chopped white chocolate
50 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 teaspoon hazelnut flavor

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease nine 1-cup ramekins or custard cups . cut the bread into 1 '' cubes . divide the bread equally among the ramekins , taking care not to pack it in too tightly . whisk the cinnamon and nutmeg into the heavy cream and milk . bring the mixture to a full simmer on the stove . whisk the egg yolks with the sugar until the mixture lightens significantly in color . once the cream comes to a simmer , take about 1 cup and drizzle it slowly into the yolks while whisking vigorously . take the tempered egg mixture from the bowl and , stirring constantly , pour it into the saucepan with the cream . immediately add the chopped white chocolate ( or chips ) . allow it to stand for a minute , then stir to combine ; the chocolate should melt and the mixture become smooth . stir in the hazelnut flavor and vanilla . transfer the custard to a good pouring container , and fill the ramekins almost to the rim with the custard , pushing the bread down to allow it to soak up the liquid . continue to add custard to each ramekin until it 's all used . top each dish off with a generous sprinkle of the hazelnuts . bake the puddings for 30 to 35 minutes , until they 're set . remove the puddings from the oven . cool them for 10 minutes before serving with a scoop of ice cream or soft whipped cream . or serve at room temperature , if you prefer . leftovers should be refrigerated , and gently reheated in the microwave just before serving . yield : 9 servings .

tips from our bakers

to toast hazelnuts : spread the nuts in a single layer on a pan , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for about 10 to 12 minutes , or until golden . this pudding can also be made in a 9 '' square cake pan . bake for 40 to 45 minutes , until the center looks set ( no longer liquid ) .


little sally lunns

these light , airy rolls , with a hint of sweetness , are a nice change from toast at breakfast or brunch . while the classic sally lunn bread is usually baked in one large round , we prefer to dollop the soft dough into a muffin pan , for easy individual servings .

227 g whole milk
85 g butter
50 g sugar
1/8 teaspoon lemon oil or 1 tablespoon grated lemon rind ( zest ) ; or 2 teaspoons vanilla , if preferred
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
1 tablespoon instant yeast ( saf gold instant yeast preferred )

combine the milk , butter , and sugar in a microwave-safe measuring cup or bowl , or in a saucepan . heat to lukewarm , stirring to soften/melt the butter . pour the mixture into a mixing bowl , and let it cool until it 's below 120°f , about 15 minutes . add the lemon or vanilla , salt , 2 cups of the flour , the eggs , and yeast . beat the mixture on medium speed for about 3 minutes ; if you 're using a bread machine , program the machine for dough or manual , and mix for several minutes , until everything is well combined . add the remaining flour to the mixture and beat for about 3 minutes , until it becomes a soft , cohesive dough . note : this is a very sticky , wet dough ; it 's too sticky to knead , so has to be beaten to develop its gluten . cover the dough and allow it to rise for 45 to 60 minutes , or until almost doubled in bulk . if you 're using the dough cycle of a bread machine , simply let the machine complete its cycle . lightly grease the cups of two standard muffin pans ( 24 cups total ) . if you do n't have two muffin pans ( or want to make a loaf , in addition to rolls ) , lightly grease one muffin pan , plus a 6 '' soufflé dish or other round , bakeable dish or small loaf pan . divide the dough among 18 cups of the muffin pans , filling each a bit more than half full . if you 're using one muffin pan , add dough to each cup then shape the remainder into a loaf , and place it in the small pan of your choice . cover the pans , and let the rolls rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until they 're noticeably puffy . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the rolls until they 're golden brown and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of one reads at least 190°f , about 15 minutes . if you 're making a loaf as well as rolls , bake the loaf for about 25 to 30 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil after 15 minutes to prevent over-browning . remove the rolls from the oven , and turn them out of the pan onto a rack . brush with melted butter , if desired . wrap completely cooled rolls airtight , and store at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage . serve rolls with butter and jam , at breakfast or brunch ; or as part of an afternoon `` high tea . '' yield : 18 rolls ; or 12 rolls and 1 small loaf .

tips from our bakers

sally lunn had its origins in either france or england , depending on which story you believe . one legend has it that sally lunn , a huguenot ( french protestant ) , left her native land to settle in england 's west country , where she sold her rich , buttery cakes in the streets of bath . the other tale says that sally lunn is actually a corruption of the french soleil lune , sun and moon , and refers to the bread 's golden color and round shape . most sources seem to accept the latter story , though the former is undoubtedly more romantic ( which is probably why it came about ; why not add a little romance to life whenever you can ? )


no-knead pepperoni pizza bread

you can throw together the dough for this easy bread in about 10 minutes . scoop it into a pan , let it rise for an hour , bake , and presto : warm , moist , cheese- and pepperoni-scented bread , the perfect accompaniment to a bowl of pasta or a green salad . if you bake the bread in a round soufflé dish , it 's fun to let it cool , then slice it across the equator into thin ( 3/8 '' or so ) rounds . slice the rounds into wedge-shaped pieces ; or leave them whole , top with pizza toppings , and warm gently , until the cheese melts , to make individual 7-inch `` pizzas . ''

319 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
21 g potato flour or potato flakes
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon pizza dough flavor , optional
1 teaspoon pizza seasoning or mixed dried italian herbs
85 g shredded pepperoni
57 g freshly grated parmesan
25 g olive oil or garlic oil
1 large egg
283 g lukewarm water

lightly grease an 8 '' x 3 1/2 '' , 6-cup soufflé dish or soda bread pan ; or an 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' sandwich loaf pan . in a mixing bowl or the bowl of your stand mixer , combine the flour , dry milk , potato flour , salt , sugar , baking soda , instant yeast , pizza dough flavor , herbs , pepperoni , and parmesan . add the oil , egg , and water , and beat at medium speed , using a hand beater or the flat beater paddle of your mixer , for 5 minutes . stop midway through to scrape the sides of the bowl . scoop the sticky dough into the prepared pan , smoothing the top with your fingers ; wet your hands if the dough is too sticky to smooth . cover the pan , and allow the dough to rise for 1 hour , or until it 's crowned just about level with the rim of the soufflé pan , or just over the rim of the loaf pan . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 15 minutes , then tent it lightly with aluminum foil . bake for an additional 30 minutes ( for the round loaf ) , or 25 minutes ( for the sandwich loaf ) . remove the bread from the oven , and after 5 minutes loosen the edges , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . store bread at room temperature . if you have n't used it up within a couple of days , wrap well and store in the freezer .




harvest grains buns

these toothsome , tasty rolls are perfect with a bowl of soup or stew .

269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour or king arthur premium whole wheat flour
74 g harvest grains blend
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
25 g golden flax meal
24 g non-diastatic malt powder or 39 g brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
340 g water
11 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons instant yeast

topping ( optional )

28 g butter , melted

combine all of the ingredients and mix and knead to form an elastic , slightly sticky dough . allow the dough to rise in a lightly greased bowl until it 's almost doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough onto a lightly floured or lightly oiled work surface . divide it into 16 pieces , and roll each piece into a ball . place the balls in a lightly greased 11 '' x 11 '' pan or into two 8 '' or 9 '' round pans . cover and allow to rise for about 1 hour , until very puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the buns in a preheated 375°f oven for 20 to 24 minutes , until they 're lightly browned . remove from the oven and brush with melted butter if desired ( for a soft crust ) . store , well-wrapped , for 4 days at room temperature . freeze for up to a month .




pumpkin cream cheese danish

if you 're as big a fan as we are of the pumpkin and cream cheese combination , we ca n't recommend this flaky , buttery pastry more highly . the laminated dough is a bit of a process , but your pounding , rolling , and waiting will be rewarded with rich , tender pastries — perfect for enjoying when autumn mornings require a little something extra with your coffee .

sponge

1 large egg
170 g lukewarm water
1 tablespoon sugar
177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons instant yeast

dough

1 tablespoon sugar
149 g to 177 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1/2 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
14 g butter , melted

butter

227 g cold unsalted butter

filling

67 g sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1 tablespoon instant clearjel or 2 tablespoons king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon salt
85 g cream cheese , at room temperature
135 g pumpkin purée
1/8 teaspoon cream cheese flavor , optional

topping

2 ounces caramel ( a scant 1/4 cup , packed , or about 6 individual candies )

to prepare the sponge : weigh the flour , or measure it by gently spooning it into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . beat together the egg and water then add the sugar , flour , and yeast . mix until well blended . cover and set aside for 30 minutes . to make the dough : weigh the flour , or measure it by gently spooning it into a measuring cup and sweeping off the excess . when the sponge is ready , combine the sugar , 1 1/4 cups of the flour , dry milk , salt , and pumpkin pie spice . set aside . stir the sweet dough flavor and 1 tablespoon melted butter into the sponge mixture , then add the dry ingredients . mix and knead until a soft , smooth dough forms , adding the additional 1/4 cup of flour if necessary . pat the dough into a square on a greased baking sheet , wrap it well , and refrigerate overnight . to prepare the butter : the next day , place the butter in the center of a lightly floured piece of plastic wrap . if you 're using two sticks of butter , place them side by side . pound the butter with a rolling pin until you have a rough 6 '' square . use the plastic wrap to make the edges straight and even . wrap the butter and refrigerate it for 30 minutes . to laminate the dough : place the chilled dough on a lightly floured work surface . roll it into a 9 '' square ; it does n't have to be exact . unwrap the chilled square of butter and place it in the center of the dough at a 45° angle , so it looks like a diamond in the square . fold the sides of the dough over the edges of the butter until they meet in the middle . pinch and seal the edges of the dough together ; moisten your fingers with a little water , if necessary . dust the top of the dough parcel with a little flour , then turn the dough over and tap it gently with the rolling pin into a rectangular shape . pick up the dough to make sure it is n't sticking underneath , dusting with more flour if necessary , then roll from the center out until you have a rectangle 14 '' long by 7 '' wide . brush off any excess flour with a dry pastry brush then fold the bottom third of the dough up to the center , and the top third over that ( like a business letter ) . line the edges up on top of each other , and even up the corners so they 're directly on top of each other . use a dab of water , if necessary , to get the corners to stick together . this is the first `` turn . '' rotate the dough parcel 90° to the right — it 'll look like a book ready to be opened . if the dough is still cool and relaxed , roll and turn it as instructed in the previous step , then wrap it loosely and refrigerate for 30 minutes . if the dough is springing back when you try to roll it , wrap it loosely and refrigerate it for 30 minutes . ultimately the dough should be folded and turned four times , so allow it to rest in the refrigerator as many times as necessary to achieve that . once the four turns have been completed , wrap the dough loosely and refrigerate it for 60 to 90 minutes . to make the filling : in a small bowl combine the sugar , pumpkin pie spice , clearjel or flour , and salt . set aside . in another bowl , beat the cream cheese until smooth . add the pumpkin and flavor , and beat again until smooth . mix in the dry ingredients . set aside . to shape the danish : roll the dough into a 14 '' x 16 '' rectangle ; if the dough starts to shrink back , let it rest and relax , loosely covered , in the refrigerator for 15 minutes . trim the edges of the dough on every side using a ruler and pizza wheel . this cuts off the folded edges that would inhibit the pastry from rising fully . spread the filling over the surface of the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' bare strip along one of the long edges . brush the bare strip with a little water . beginning with the covered long edge , roll the dough into a log . cut the log into 12 slices and place them on two lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheets . cover the danish and let them rest/rise for 30 minutes . in the meantime , preheat the oven to 425° . brush the danish with 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon of water . bake the danish ( one pan at a time , or in two ovens ) for 18 to 20 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove the danish from the oven and cool on a rack . to prepare the topping : melt the caramel over low heat in a small saucepan or in the microwave , heating and stirring until smooth . drizzle some of the warm caramel over each danish . store danish in a plastic bag or an airtight container at room temperature for a day ; or wrap well and freeze for longer storage .




summer pudding

summer pudding was devised by the english in the 19th century for people who wanted something that tasted richer than it actually was . this pudding , also designed to use up stale bread , is chilled rather than baked . use whatever berries are in season ; in this version , we use a combination of strawberries and blueberries , which gives the pudding a deep purple hue .

8 half-inch thick slices semolina bread or other mild-flavored bread , crusts removed
907 g fresh or frozen berries
198 g sugar

butter a 1 1/2 quart bowl , then line it with plastic wrap . line the bottom and sides of the bowl with the bread , cutting it to fit as needed . leave berries whole or , in the case of large strawberries , cut them in pieces . heat the berries with the sugar over low heat until the sugar is dissolved and the juice of the berries starts to flow . ( if you 're using sweetened frozen berries , you can skip this part . just make sure they 're thoroughly thawed before you use them . ) pour the fruit mixture over the bread . place another layer of bread on top of the fruit , making a `` lid '' with these slices . lay a piece of plastic wrap on top of the bread `` lid . '' place a small plate , one which will just fit inside the bowl rim , on top of the plastic wrap . weigh it down with something heavy ( a can of beans , a jar filled with water ) to force the juices up into the top layer of bread . refrigerate the pudding for 6 to 8 hours . the juices will seep into the bread , turning it a lovely color , and the fruit will set somewhat . to serve , remove the weighted plate and plastic wrap . put a serving plate upside down on top of the bowl and flip the whole thing over . remove the plastic wrap . cut in wedges and top with whipped cream or yogurt sweetened with a bit of maple syrup or brown sugar .

tips from our bakers

this recipe comes from our `` king arthur flour 200th anniversary cookbook . ''


north african semolina flatbread

in countries without hardwood forests , cooking methods develop to take advantage of the existing fuel supply ; north african nomadic cultures used camel dung as fuel . breads were generally leavened , but also generally flat ; a flatbread cooks much more quickly than a thicker loaf . the practicalities of the nomadic society dictated that people travel light ; flatbreads substituted for both plate and cutlery , as they became an edible vessel as well as a method of transport from pot to mouth . these days , many formerly nomadic people have become permanent residents of the oases . and , though their cooking methods have changed , their breads have n't . flatbreads are still the bread of choice , though now they 're cooked on clay skillets , or in clay ovens . hard durum wheat is also the basis for golden semolina , which is used in many breads . the following flatbread , a soft , spongy round topped with sesame seeds , is perfect for soaking up the juices from a savory stew or a warming curry .

dough

326 g semolina flour
184 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
53 g olive oil
11 g easy-roll dough improver ( optional , but recommended )
312 g warm water
1 large egg white ( reserve the yolk for glaze )

glaze

1 large egg yolk
14 g water
35 g sesame seeds , for topping

combine all the dough ingredients and mix and knead them together — by hand , mixer , food processor or bread machine — until you 've made a soft , pliable dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , turning once to coat , then cover the bowl and allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it 's puffy and almost doubled in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface . divide the dough in half , round each piece into a ball , and cover the balls lightly . allow them to rest for 10 to 15 minutes . flatten each ball and roll each out to a circle about 10 '' in diameter , and 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' thick . place the circles on a lightly oiled or parchment-lined baking sheet . mix the egg yolk with 1 tablespoon of water . brush the tops of the loaves with the glaze , and sprinkle with the sesame seeds . let them rise for 30 minutes , until they look puffy and have almost doubled in height . preheat the oven to 400°f . bake the bread for 20 to 25 minutes , until it 's golden . remove it from the oven , and cool on a wire rack . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days . freeze for up to 3 months .




refrigerator dough for quick crusty hard rolls

throw refrigerator dough together in the morning or evening , or whenever you have a few spare moments . the small amount of yeast allows the dough to keep in the fridge for up to 5 days without developing a `` sour '' taste . we kept one batch for 6 days ; the rolls were a little denser , but still tasted good . note : if you plan to use the dough within 12 hours or so , knead it and then let it rise at room temperature for 1 hour before refrigerating .

546 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
340 g water
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast

combine the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — until the dough is soft and somewhat smooth . place the kneaded dough in a greased bowl , cover it , and refrigerate at least overnight , or for up to 5 days . to shape the loaves or rolls : remove the dough from the refrigerator , fold it over gently a few times , and cut off the desired amount ; you 'll need 1 1/2 to 2 ounces per roll ( golf-ball sized pieces ) ; about 1 to 1 1/4 ounces per breadstick ( about 1 1/4 inches in diameter ) ; or 10 ounces ( one-third of the dough ) per baguette . return any remaining dough to the refrigerator . to shape the rolls or loaves : form rolls by shaping the pieces into balls , then rolling them under your lightly cupped fingers on an unfloured work surface . for breadsticks , roll each piece into a 12 '' rope , keeping the ends blunt ( rather than tapered ) , so they 'll bake evenly . for baguettes , shape the dough into a rough , slightly flattened oval , cover it with greased plastic wrap , and let it rest for 15 minutes . fold the dough in half lengthwise , and seal the edges with the heel of your hand . flatten it slightly , and fold and seal again . with the seam-side down , cup your fingers and gently roll the dough into a 14 '' log . preheat the oven to 425° . place the shaped rolls , breadsticks or baguette onto a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet , cover with an acrylic dough cover or lightly greased plastic wrap , and let them rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours , or until they 're very puffy . bake the rolls or the baguette for 15 to 18 minutes , until they 're golden brown . bake the breadsticks for 12 to 15 minutes ( for soft breadsticks ) or , for crisp breadsticks , bake them in a preheated 375°f oven for 25 to 30 minutes . store the bread or rolls , well-wrapped , on the counter for up to 3 days .




maple pumpkin rolls

as far as trendy , autumnal flavor combinations go , pumpkin and maple is fast becoming one of our favorites . here we 've taken a popular breakfast treat , the classic cinnamon roll , and dressed it up for even the hippest breakfast table .

dough

269 g canned pumpkin
2 large eggs
57 g lukewarm water
57 g soft butter
269 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
198 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice ; or 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon + 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves + 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
53 g brown sugar , light or dark
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast or active dry yeast

filling

227 g cream cheese
1 large egg
64 g maple sugar
14 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon maple flavor , optional
85 g chopped pecans pr dried cranberries , optional

glaze

113 g confectioners ' sugar
pinch of salt
78 g maple syrup

to make the dough : mix and knead all of the ingredients together to make a soft , fairly smooth dough . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for 1 1/2 hours , until almost doubled in bulk . to make the filling : beat together all of the ingredients until smooth and creamy . to assemble the rolls : turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , and roll or pat it into a 14 '' x 22 '' rectangle . spread an even layer of filling onto the dough ; sprinkle with pecans , if desired . starting with a long end , roll the dough into a log , jelly-roll style . seal the edge of the log by pinching the dough together . cut the log into twelve 1 1/2 '' -thick rolls and place them into a lightly greased 10 '' x 10 '' pan or 9 '' x 13 '' pan . cover the pan and let the rolls rise for 1 hour , until puffy . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the rolls for 25 to 30 minutes , until they 're lightly browned and feel set . remove them from the oven , and transfer them to a rack to cool slightly . to make the glaze : stir together all the ingredients , adding enough maple syrup to make a spreadable glaze . spread onto the warm rolls . serve the rolls warm or at room temperature . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for several days ; freeze for longer storage .

tips from our bakers

do n't have maple sugar for the filling ? substitute brown sugar ; the rolls will have milder maple flavor , but will still be delicious .


fruit and nut braid

this tender loaf , loaded with dried fruit and nuts , makes delicious coffee bread .

113 g butter
170 g milk
2 large eggs + 1 yolk ( save the white for the glaze )
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ( see `` tips '' , below . )
50 g sugar
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
1/8 teaspoon fiori di sicilia or lemon oil , or 1 teaspoon buttery sweet dough flavor
113 g to 170 g dried fruit : any mixture of cranberries , cherries , apricots , raisins , or pineapple
71 g pine nuts or 74 g chopped macadamia nuts

heat the butter and the milk together until the butter melts . cool to lukewarm , then stir in the 2 whole eggs and one yolk . mix in the remaining ingredients , omitting the fruit and nuts , until the dough is homoegneous . let rest for 30 minutes , then knead until the dough is smooth and satiny . ( use a bread machine set on the dough cycle , if you like . ) knead in the fruit and nuts at the end . place the dough in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise in a warm place for 2 hours , or until the dough is puffy in bulk . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased surface , divide it into three pieces , and let it rest for 10 minutes . grease ( or line with parchment ) a baking sheet , or grease a 10 '' tube pan . roll each piece about 30 '' long . ( if the dough `` fights back , '' let it rest for a few minutes midway through the rolling . ) braid or simply twist the strands together . place the braid on the pan . pinch the ends together . cover and let rise for about an hour , until it 's puffy . while the dough rises , preheat the oven to 350°f . whisk the remaining egg white with 1 tablespoon water , and brush it over the risen loaf . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until it 's a deep golden brown . remove from the oven , and after 15 minutes turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . store well-wrapped for up to 5 days at room temperature or 3 months frozen .

tips from our bakers

for added fiber , substitute 1 to 1 1/2 cups king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour , or 1 cup hi-maize natural fiber for an equal amount of the all-purpose flour .


jen 's schiacciata

jen mcallister , a long-time friend of king arthur flour , passed this recipe for a sweet dessert flatbread along to us nearly 10 years ago . her version of schiacciata , a traditional tuscan bread , was inspired by one in carol field 's landmark book , the italian baker . the combination of sambuca ( a licorice-flavored liqueur ) and grapes sounds odd , but it works well . in the final outcome , the sambuca comes off as nicely sweet , rather than licorice-y .

biga

113 g cool ( not cold ) water
1/16 teaspoon instant yeast ( pinch )
99 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

dough

all of the biga ( above )
1 teaspoon instant yeast
227 g lukewarm water
25 g olive oil
50 g granulated sugar
447 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

topping

olive oil
908 g seedless red or black grapes , smaller sized preferred
78 g to 113 g sambuca or anisette liqueur ( optional , but traditional and good )
*substitute grape juice or boiled cider , if preferred .

blend the biga ingredients until well combined . cover the bowl , and let the biga rest , at cool room temperature , overnight . it will grow and become bubbly . mix all of the dough ingredients ( including the biga ) , then knead for 3 to 4 minutes , using an electric mixer or bread machine . or knead with your hands for about 5 minutes . since this dough is going to ferment for quite awhile , you do n't want to knead it fully ; the gluten will continue to develop as the dough rises . place the dough in a bowl , cover it , and allow it to rise for about 3 hours . once an hour , pick up the dough , gently deflate it , and return it to the bowl upside-down from how it was when you picked it up . this is called a turn ; it helps distribute the yeast and yeast food . preheat your oven to 450°f , using a pizza stone if you have one . divide the dough into three pieces . working with one piece at a time , roll the dough to a 1/8 '' -thick , 12 '' circle . repeat with the remaining dough pieces . ed . note : jen says she rolls the dough on a floured work surface to about 8 '' in diameter , then picks it up , drapes it over her hands , and stretches it over the backs of her hands to about 12 '' — the way you would when making strudel . place the dough round on a cornmeal- or semolina-dusted piece of parchment , or onto a cornmeal- or semolina-dusted baking sheet . allow the round to rise , covered , for about 20 minutes . brush the entire surface of the dough with olive oil , then spread about 1 1/2 cups grapes ( about 10 1/2 ounces ) over the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' border around the edge . sprinkle the grapes with 2 to 3 tablespoons sambuca or anisette ; or with boiled cider , or grape juice . place the bread in the oven ( leaving it on the parchment if you 're using a stone ) . bake the bread for 8 minutes , then remove the parchment , if the schiacciata is on a stone . bake for an additional 4 to 7 minutes , until the schiaciatta is golden brown on the bottom and around the edges , and the topping is bubbly . while the first bread is baking , prepare the second one . when the first schiacciata is done , remove it from the oven , and place it on a rack to cool . repeat the process with the remaining two schiacciatas . serve the schiacciata warm or at room temperature , cut in wedges , with a nice soft brie or saga blue cheese . yield : three 12 '' schiaciattas .

tips from our bakers

bits of brie cheese ( about 1 1/2 ounces ) or gorgonzola ( or cambozola ) sprinkled onto the bread before adding the grapes is a yummy variation . sprinkle the grapes with coarse white sparkling sugar , if desired , for added crunch and sweetness .


cranberry cornmeal bread/stuffing

jewel-like pieces of fresh cranberry sparkle in this sunny yellow cornmeal yeast bread . its sturdy texture stands up better in stuffing than would plain cornbread .

454 g boiling water
206 g yellow cornmeal
170 g honey
60 g vegetable shortening
21 g active dry yeast
113 g lukewarm ( 110°f ) water
2 teaspoons salt
602 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
149 g cranberries , coarsely chopped

combine the boiling water , cornmeal , honey and shortening . cover the mixture and allow it to cool to 110°f , about 1 hour . in a large bowl combine the yeast and lukewarm water . stir to dissolve the yeast . add the salt , 2 cups flour , and cooled cornmeal mixture . beat the batter vigorously for 2 minutes . add enough remaining flour , a little at a time , to make a workable dough . turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead , adding more flour as necessary , until you have a smooth , elastic dough . toward the end , knead in the cranberries . put the dough into an oiled bowl , turning once to make sure the entire ball is coated with oil . cover the bowl and let the dough rise until puffy , about 1 hour . deflate the dough and turn it out onto the work surface . grease two 10 '' x 5 '' bread pans . divide the dough in half and shape into two loaves . place the loaves in prepared pans and let it rise until puffy , about 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the loaves for 30 minutes , or until the bread tests done . remove the cornbread from the pans , and cool them completely on a wire rack . store the loaves , well wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature or for up to a month in the freezer .




maple-walnut bread

steaming bread produces very different results than a yeast bread and is far more forgiving than a traditional oven bake . the bread never gets hotter than 212°f ( the temperature of boiling water ) , and `` bakes '' for a much longer time than it would in the oven.using a moist cooking method means the bread does n't dry out and keeps well , despite using much less added fat . it serves as a lower-fat alternative to a pastry and as a filling breakfast or dinner side with baked beans .

67 g yellow cornmeal
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
50 g dried buttermilk powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
16 g non-diastatic malt powder
113 g coarsely chopped walnuts
1/4 teaspoon maple flavor
156 g maple syrup
170 g water

in a medium-sized mixing bowl , whisk together all of the dry ingredients until they 're well-blended . stir the maple syrup into the water , and combine the wet and dry ingredients , mixing just until everything is moistened . butter or grease the inside of a 1-pound steamer pan . spoon the batter into the pan , and cover it with a piece of greased aluminum foil . put 2 '' to 3 '' of water in a covered saucepan taller than your steamer pan , and place the steamer in the saucepan . bring the water to a simmer . cover the pan , and simmer the bread for 3 hours , replenishing with additional simmering water as needed , until the bread is done ( a cake tester inserted into the center will come out clean ) . remove the pan from the saucepan , allow it to cool for 30 minutes , then turn the bread out to cool completely . store the bread , well-wrapped , in the fridge for up to a week or freeze it for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

for the best texture and flavor , let the bread rest overnight before serving .


roasted strawberry cream cheese rolls

roasting fresh strawberries intensifies their flavor , and makes a sticky-sweet filling in these rolls . in addition to lending great flavor to the dough , cream cheese makes them unbelievably tender and fluffy .

dough

170 g milk
113 g cream cheese
28 g unsalted butter
25 g granulated sugar
1 large egg
2 teaspoons active dry or instant yeast
1 teaspoon salt
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

567 g fresh or frozen strawberries
124 g granulated sugar , divided
4 teaspoons instant clearjel
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons grated orange peel ( zest )

frosting

57 g cream cheese , at room temperature
113 g confectioners ' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 to 2 teaspoons milk or cream

for the dough : place the milk , cream cheese , and butter in a microwave-safe bowl and heat for 90 seconds , or until lukewarm . transfer to a large mixing bowl and add the sugar , egg , yeast , salt , and flour . mix and knead to make a soft dough that bounces back when you give it a poke . cover the dough and let rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour , until almost doubled and puffy-looking . preheat the oven to 350°f . line a baking sheet with parchment . to make the filling : wash and hull the strawberries and toss them in a bowl with 2 tablespoons of the sugar . spread the berries in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake for 25 to 30 minutes for fresh , or 40 to 45 minutes if baking from frozen . the berries will collapse somewhat and give up their juices . remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes on the pan . scrape the berries and any liquid from the pan into a medium bowl . with a fork or potato masher , break up the berries until they 're in 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' chunks . mix together the remaining 1/2 cup sugar with the clearjel and cinnamon and sprinkle over the roasted berries . stir well . add the orange zest and stir . set aside . to assemble : turn the risen dough out and pat it into an 18 '' x 13 '' rectangle . spread the strawberry filling over the dough , leaving a 1/2 '' strip along one long edge uncovered . starting with the filling-covered long edge , roll the dough into a log , pinching the seam to seal it . if you have time , refrigerate the log for 30 minutes ; this will help set the filling , making the log easier to slice . slice the log into 12 equal pieces ; a piece of dental floss , looped around the log and ends pulled in opposite directions , makes a nice clean cut . place the rolls , cut side up , in a greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan . cover the pan with plastic and let rise for 45 to 60 minutes , until puffy-looking . while the rolls are rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . uncover the rolls and bake them for 28 to 30 minutes , until they 're a light golden brown . remove them from the oven and cool to lukewarm on a rack . to make the frosting : beat the cream cheese and confectioners ' sugar together until smooth , with no lumps remaining . add the vanilla , then the milk ( or cream ) 1/2 teaspoon at a time until the frosting is spreadable but still thick . spread or pipe over the rolls while they 're still slightly warm . store any leftover rolls , well wrapped , in the refrigerator for a couple of days . freeze for longer storage .




six-grain bread

this soft , high-rising loaf has lots of whole grains and a pleasant , nubbly texture that 's great for sandwiches , toast , or your dinner bread basket .

241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
113 g king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
124 g six-grain blend
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
28 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk granules
283 g lukewarm water
43 g butter or 1 1/4 ounces vegetable oil

combine all the ingredients in a large bowl or the bucket of a bread machine . mix and knead by hand , electric mixer or bread machine until the dough is smooth and supple , adding additional liquid or all-purpose flour as needed . place the dough in a lightly greased bowl , cover , and let it rise for about 1 hour . ( in a bread machine , allow the machine to complete its dough cycle . ) turn the dough onto a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into a 9 '' log . place the loaf in a lightly greased 9 '' x 5 '' pan , cover the pan , and let the loaf rise about 40 to 60 minutes , or until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 30 to 40 minutes , or until it 's golden brown and its internal temperature registers 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , remove it from the pan , and allow it to cool on a rack . yield : 1 loaf .

tips from our bakers

want to use kamut® flour in this recipe ? substitute 1 1/2 cups ( 6 1/4 ounces ) kamut® and 1 1/2 cups ( 6 1/4 ounces ) king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour for the all-purpose and white whole wheat flours . shape the loaf into an 8 '' log , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan . cover it and let it rise about 30 minutes , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . continue with the recipe as directed.for a crustier loaf , form the risen dough into a ball ( boule ) , and bake in a bread baking bowl or on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet for 30 to 40 minutes .


mini king cakes

enjoy individual servings of new orleans ' traditional king cake .

dough

113 g butter , melted
170 g lukewarm milk
2 large eggs + 1 large egg yolk , white reserved
50 g sugar
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon lemon oil , or 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast

icing

113 g confectioners ' sugar
½ teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon + ½ to 1 teaspoon milk , enough to make a thick but pourable glaze

topping

yellow , purple , and green sparkling sugars

mix and knead all of the dough ingredients to make a smooth , soft dough . let the dough rise , covered , for 1 hour . place 12 mini-panettone papers on a baking sheet . or line a standard muffin pan with cupcake papers , and grease the papers . with greased hands , divide the sticky dough into 12 equal pieces , forming each into a smooth ball . place the balls of dough into the papers . cover the pan , and let the cakes rise for 1 hour . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . whisk the reserved egg white with 1 tablespoon water , and brush it over the cakes . bake the cakes for 20 minutes , then tent them lightly with aluminum foil and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , until they 're a deep golden brown . remove them from the oven , and transfer to a rack to cool . beat together the icing ingredients , dribbling in the final teaspoon of milk until the icing is thick yet pourable . dip the top of each cake in the icing , or drizzle icing over the tops of the cakes . while the icing is still tacky , sprinkle with the colored sugars . yield : 12 cakes .




brioche french toast

since french toast is all about the bread , the kind of bread you use makes a difference . you want a firm bread , one that can stand up to a good soak in egg and milk ; but it should n't be so firm that frying makes it tough . we think butter- and egg-rich brioche is an ideal choice . here we bake it in a 9 '' pain de mie pan , to create perfectly square slices ; then dip it in a simple cinnamon- and nutmeg-scented batter before frying . delicious ! and , want to take `` delicious '' a step further ? try the coffee french toast variation in `` tips , '' below .

brioche

326 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
35 g sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 large eggs
57 g lukewarm water
142 g butter

batter for french toast

1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon granulated sugar
½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
113 g cream or milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

in a stand mixer or bread machine ( programmed for dough ) , mix together all of the ingredients to form a smooth , shiny dough . do n't worry ; what starts out as a sticky mess becomes beautifully satiny as it kneads . this dough takes longer than most to develop , so be prepared to let the dough knead for up to 15 to 20 minutes in a stand mixer . also , we do n't recommend trying to knead it by hand . if you 're using a bread machine , let it complete its kneading cycle , then continue as directed below . form the dough into a ball ( it 'll be very soft ) , place it in a greased bowl , cover the bowl , and it let rise for 1 hour . then refrigerate the dough for several hours , or overnight . this will slow the fermentation and chill the butter , making the dough easier to shape . shape the dough into a 9 '' log , and place it in a lightly greased 9 '' pain de mie pan . cover the pan , and let the chilled dough come to room temperature , then rise to within 1 1/2 '' or so of the rim of the pan ; this may take up to 5 hours or so . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . close the lid on the pain de mie pan , and bake for 45 minutes . remove the pan from the oven , and remove the lid ; the bread should be golden brown , and register at least 205°f on an instant-read thermometer . continue to bake for a few more minutes if the bread is n't done , then remove it from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and cool completely on a rack . to make french toast : let the loaf get a bit stale before using it for french toast . or cut six 3/4 '' to 1 '' -thick slices of fresh brioche and let them sit , uncovered , for several hours . whisk together the sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg , and flour . in a separate bowl or measuring cup , whisk together the eggs , cream or milk , and vanilla . whisk the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients . divide the batter among six saucers , and soak each piece of bread for about 2 minutes on each side , until it 's absorbed most of the batter , but is n't soggy all the way through . while the bread is soaking , preheat your griddle . cook the french toast for 2 to 3 minutes on the first side , or until it 's golden brown ; adjust the heat so it 's not cooking too slowly or too quickly . turn the toast over , and cook the second side until golden brown , about 2 minutes . to serve , spread hot slices with butter , and drizzle with maple syrup . yield : 6 servings .

tips from our bakers

to make the batter for coffee french toast : mix 1/2 cup cool , strong coffee ( flavored , if desired ) ; 1/2 cup cream , half & half , or milk ; and 4 large eggs . use the batter to coat 8 slices of brioche or other firm sandwich bread , following the directions above for frying . for step-by-step directions , see our blog post on coffee french toast .


julekage

the scandinavian countries lay claim to julekage , a spiced and fruited christmas cake . it 's often scented with cardamom and given a decorative topping , then served with coffee for a holiday treat .

dough

1 1/2 teaspoons salt
99 g sugar
3/4 to 1 teaspoon cardamom , to taste
390 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g baking powder
85 g golden raisins or sultanas
64 g diced or slivered dried apricots
99 g chopped candied cherries
283 g milk
57 g butter , melted and cooled a bit
3 large eggs

glaze

1 egg white , lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon sugar
pearl sugar or coarse sugar
almonds , optional

preheat the oven to 350°f . lightly grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . in a medium-sized mixing bowl , whisk together the dry ingredients and the fruits . in a separate bowl , whisk together the milk , melted butter , and eggs . add the liquid mixture to the dry ingredients , stirring to moisten thoroughly . pour the batter into the pan . smooth the batter in the pan , and brush it with the beaten egg white . it may seem a bit awkward brushing quick bread batter with a wash , but just use a soft pastry brush and be gentle , it 'll work . sprinkle the bread with the sugar ( and almonds , if desired ) . bake the bread for about 55 minutes , or until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean . it 'll probably crack on the top ; that 's ok. let it cool in the pan for 15 minutes , then carefully turn it out onto a rack to cool completely before slicing . some of the sugar and/or almonds may fall off , even with the wash . it 's aggravating , but unavoidable . wrap the bread for storage at room temperature for up to 5 days , and up to 3 months in the freezer .

tips from our bakers

this is the fruit mixture we like . a more traditional mixture would be candied cherries and pineapple , and mixed peel . just use 1 1/2 cups , total , of whatever combination of dried/candied , chopped fruits strike your fancy .


rye levain pumpernickel

this recipe appears in the spring 2016 issue of sift as sourdough pumpernickel , and it is exactly that . we 've renamed it here so as not to cause confusion with our existing recipe for sourdough pumpernickel , which has similar ingredients but a different technique . this recipe converts a white sourdough starter to a rye levain , and uses that to build the starter that raises the bread . the extra step makes a very flavorful , robust sourdough rye .

rye levain

28 g ripe ( fed ) sourdough starter
113 g water
113 g pumpernickel flour

rye starter

all of the rye levain
227 g room-temperature black coffee
213 g pumpernickel flour

dough

all of the rye starter
170 g room-temperature water
25 g vegetable oil
2 teaspoons salt
85 g molasses
113 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
361 g king arthur unbleached bread flour

to make the rye levain : in a medium bowl , combine all of the ingredients , cover , and let work at room temperature for 8 hours , or overnight . to make the rye starter : in a medium bowl , combine the levain , coffee , and pumpernickel flour . cover and let rise on the counter for 8 hours , or overnight . to make the dough : put the starter in a large mixing bowl , and stir in the water , oil , salt , and molasses . stir in the whole wheat flour . cover and let the dough rest for 10 minutes . add the bread flour 1 cup at a time , mixing well after each addition . the dough will be quite sticky , but resist the temptation to add more flour . the dough will develop and change in texture as you let it rise and work with it . place it in a greased bowl , cover , and let rise for 50 minutes . rising and folding : after the first rise , the dough wo n't look like it 's risen much , but do n't worry . with each rise and fold you give it , the dough will become more supple and springy to the touch . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface , flour your hands , and press it into a rectangle . use a bench knife to help you grab the edge and fold the dough into thirds . turn it 90° and repeat the folding process . return the dough to its bowl , cover , and let rise for 50 minutes more . repeat the folding process a second time , with another 50-minute rise afterward . when this last rise is done , the dough should be quite active . turn it out onto a floured surface to shape . you can make one large or two smaller loaves , whichever you prefer . shape the dough into rounds or loaves . for loaves , place the dough in a pair of greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pans . rounds can be placed in floured banettons or a bowl lined with a well-floured tea towel , with the bottom side of the round facing up . after shaping , cover the dough and set it aside to rise until almost double . this may take as long as 3 hours if the room is cool , or as little as 1 hour if the room is warm . you can also `` retard '' the dough by covering it with plastic and refrigerating overnight ( this will make a more sour bread ) . if you choose this route , bring the dough to room temperature the next day while you prepare the oven . in either case , the risen loaves should feel full and bubbly when lightly touched with floured hands : that 's when they 're ready to bake . to bake the bread : an hour into the last rise , preheat the oven with a baking stone inside ( if you have one ) . preheat to 375°f for one large loaf ; or 400°f for two smaller ones . when the bread is ready to bake , pace a small oven-safe skillet with 1 '' of simmering water in the bottom of the oven , or on the lowest rack . invert the round loaves onto the hot baking stones and slash the tops . pan loaves can simply be put in the oven on the stone . spray the inside of the oven with water . bake the large loaf for 50 minutes , or smaller loaves for 35 minutes , until well browned . the center of the bread should read 205°f when measured with an instant-read thermometer . remove from the oven and cool completely on a rack before slicing ; rye breads can be gummy if you cut them while still warm .

tips from our bakers

what does ripe starter look like ? it should double in volume from it 's last feeding within 8 hours , be filled with bubbles , and just beginning to collapse under its own weight . if you watch it for 30 seconds , you should see bubbles rising to the surface and breaking , as if in slow motion.this recipe relies entirely on the active yeast in the starter to raise the bread . if you 're not confident in your starter 's level of activity , you can use a teaspoon of instant yeast in the dough as `` insurance '' . the rise times will likely be shorter ; check the texture of the dough as it rises after 40 minutes instead of 50 .


pepperoni pizza sticks

these soft and chewy breadsticks are studded with spicy pepperoni .

227 g water
2 cups dried red & green bell peppers soaked in 1/4-cup water ( optional )
one box of pizza crust mix
yeast packet ( included with mix )
25 g olive oil or garlic oil
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
78 g diced pepperoni
4 teaspoons pizza dough flavor
99 g freshly shredded parmesan or asiago cheese or an italian mixture ( mozzarella , parmesan and provolone )

mix together all the ingredients except the cheese — by hand , mixer or bread machine — until the dough is soft and supple . cover and let rise for 30 minutes . line with parchment paper , or lightly grease a baking sheet . turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and pat or roll it into a 12 '' square . cut into 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' wide strips . place the strips on the baking sheet , and let them rise for 30 minutes . while the strips are rising , preheat the oven to 425°f . bake the pizza sticks for 8 minutes . remove them from the oven , sprinkle with the cheese , and return them to the oven to bake for an additional 5 to 8 minutes , until they 're golden brown and the cheese is melted . store , wrapped , for 2 days at room temperature , or freeze for up to a month .




whole wheat hot dog buns

hot dog buns made with 100 % whole wheat flour ? who knew ! king arthur 100 % white whole wheat flour makes for some very tasty buns . note : this recipe calls for a special pan , our new england hot dog bun pan .

283 g to 340 g lukewarm water*
1 large egg
28 g butter
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
35 g baker 's special dry milk
32 g potato flour or dried potato flakes
67 g hi-maize fiber ; or substitute whole wheat flour
340 g king arthur white whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten , optional ; for better rise
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast
*start with 1 1/4 cups water , adding more if necessary to make a soft , smooth dough .

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until it 's puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . turn the dough out onto a lightly greased or floured work surface . shape it into a 6 '' x 15 '' rectangle , and place it in a lightly greased new england hot dog bun pan . grease the bottom of a clean baking sheet and place it on top of the pan so the rising dough will fill the pan evenly . let the dough rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , until it 's almost filled the pan . preheat your oven to 375°f . with the baking sheet still on top , bake the buns for 25 minutes . remove the baking sheet and bake 5 minutes longer , to brown the buns , if necessary . remove from the oven , cool for 5 minutes , then turn the buns out of the pan to cool completely on a rack . when completely cool , slice each bun down the middle horizontally , without cutting through the bottom ; then separate into individual buns . buns will keep , well-wrapped , for up to 5 days at room temperature , or frozen for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

if you do n't have a hot dog bun pan , divide the dough into 10 pieces and shape into oval buns by hand . or make dinner rolls : divide the risen dough into 16 pieces , shape them into balls , place in a lightly greased 9 '' x 13 '' pan , cover , let rise , and bake in a preheated 350°f oven for about 22 to 25 minutes , until golden brown . yield : 16 buns .


no-knead pizza crust

no-knead yeast bread has morphed from revolution to evolution : from a simple loaf baked in a dutch oven , we now have access to recipes for no-knead brioche , cinnamon buns ... and pizza crust . our thanks to jim lahey , of new york city 's sullivan st. bakery , for the inspiration for this version of no-knead pizza . this is not your typical thin-crisp or soft-chewy crust . it 's somewhere in between ; thin in spots , thicker in others , with crackly-hard edges and lots of chew . this is definitely crust you have to `` grip and rip ; '' an adult-type crust , probably not suitable for little kids .

crust

362 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
1/4 teaspoon instant yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
340 g water , barely lukewarm ( about 78°f )

toppings

your favorite pizza toppings

combine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl , stirring just to combine . the dough will be very loose and sticky , almost like cottage cheese in texture . cover the bowl and let the dough rest at cool room temperature ( preferably not above 72°f ) overnight , anywhere from 12 to 24 hours . we prefer a rest of about 16 hours . the dough will rise and develop lots of bubbles . heavily flour a silicone kneading mat or clean work surface , and pour/scoop the dough out of the bowl . sprinkle more flour on top . turn the dough over on itself a few times ; a bowl scraper or spatula is a help here . start preheating the oven to 450°f . if you have a pizza stone , put it on the middle shelf of the oven . divide the dough in half . cut a sheet of parchment in half ; you should have two pieces of parchment , each about 8 '' x 12 '' . gently pat each piece of dough into an oval about 1/4 '' ( or less ) thick , right on the parchment . you may also choose to leave the dough in one piece , and pat it into a large ( 14 '' to 16 '' ) circle , but the larger size makes it more difficult to move around . if you 're not using a pizza stone , slide the pizza crusts , with their parchment , onto a baking sheet . spray the crusts with water . bake them in a preheated 450°f oven for about 12 minutes on a pizza stone , or about 16 minutes on a baking sheet . if the crusts puff up , prick them with a cake tester or toothpick . remove them from the oven when they 're just beginning to brown on top . add toppings . they should be pre-cooked ; e.g. , no raw meat , no crunchy onions , etc . we like to lay down a bed of cheese first , then toppings , then more cheese . bake for an additional 4 to 8 minutes , or until the toppings are hot and the cheese is melted . serve immediately . store any leftovers , well wrapped , in the refrigerator for a couple of days ; freeze for longer storage .




sesame crescent rolls

the snap of sesame and the crunch of cracked wheat give these rolls super flavor and texture , but what makes this recipe really special is its versatility . you can make the dough and bake it immediately , or you can store the dough in the refrigerator , up to a week , until you 're ready to use it . so you can have freshly baked yeast rolls every night , even if you 're working all day !

74 g cracked wheat , softened as directed below
11 g instant yeast
76 g butter , room temperature
113 g honey
2 teaspoons salt
159 g mashed potatoes , room temperature
227 g lukewarm water or potato water ( 110°f )
2 large eggs , beaten
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
300 g king arthur premium 100 % whole wheat flour or 283 g white whole wheat flour
1 large egg white , slightly beaten
sesame seeds or whole flax seeds

to soften the cracked wheat : cover it with hot water in a small bowl and allow to stand until softened , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . drain the cracked wheat if necessary . to make the rolls : in a large bowl , combine the yeast , butter , honey , salt , mashed potatoes , water or potato water ( water in which the potato has cooked ) and the eggs . stir in the cracked wheat . mix in the unbleached all-purpose flour and beat for 2 to 3 minutes by machine , about 150 strokes by hand . add the whole wheat flour to form a dough stiff enough to knead . turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic . shape the rolls , let them rise , and bake immediately , or refrigerate the dough up to 6 days , covered with plastic wrap , deflating as necessary . if the dough has been refrigerated : let it come to room temperature . if not , let it rise in a warm spot until doubled in bulk , about 1 hour . deflate the dough gently . divide the dough into six portions . roll each portion into a 9 '' round , about 1/2 '' thick . brush the rounds with slightly beaten egg white , then sprinkle with sesame seeds . cut each round into 6 pie-shaped wedges . roll up each wedge , beginning at the wide end , and then curve ends in to form a crescent-shaped roll . place the rolls on a greased baking sheet . brush them with more beaten egg white , and sprinkle with additional sesame seeds . set the pan in a warm spot and let the rolls rise until puffy , 45 minutes to 1 hour . preheat the oven to 375°f before the bread finishes rising . bake the rolls for 20 to 25 minutes , or until well browned . store the leftover rolls , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 3 days , or freeze for up to a month .




multigrain sunflower bread

crunchy and nutty from the seeds and grains , this bread makes a great sandwich , and super toast .

227 g water
241 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
25 g vegetable oil
43 g honey or 26 g brown sugar
71 g sunflower seeds
50 g rolled oats
25 g sesame seeds
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons active dry yeast or instant yeast

to make the dough : combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to make a soft , smooth dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl , cover the bowl , and allow the dough to rise until puffy , about 1 to 1 1/2 hours . transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface , and shape it into an 8 '' log . place the log in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan , cover the pan loosely with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the bread to rise for about 45 to 60 minutes , until it 's crowned about 1 '' above the edge of the pan . a finger pressed into the dough should leave a mark that rebounds slowly . preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the loaf for about 35 minutes . test it for doneness by removing it from the pan and thumping it on the bottom ( it should sound hollow ) , or by measuring its interior temperature with an instant-read thermometer ( it should register 190°f at the center of the loaf ) . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack before slicing . remove the bread from the oven , and cool it on a wire rack before slicing . store the bread in a plastic bag at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




taste of italy bread

italians are well known for their seasonings , which provide the tastes of garden and meadow to pastas and sauces . italian seasoning gives this bread an authentic taste of italy .

for 1 1/2-pound or 2-pound machine

397 g warm water
21 g olive oil
32 g honey
326 g semolina flour
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or unbleached bread flour
2 teaspoons salt
4 teaspoons italian seasoning , heaping
2 teaspoons active dry yeast

for 1-pound machine

255 g warm water
21 g honey
216 g semolina flour
156 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour or unbleached bread flour
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon italian seasoning
1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast

place all of the ingredients in the pan of your bread machine . program for basic bread , light crust ( if your machine has a crust setting ) and press start . allow the machine to complete its cycle . cool the bread completely before serving . store , well-wrapped , at room temperature for 5 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .




parmesan batter bread

batter breads make a perfect accompaniment to soups . they 're made with yeast , but are beaten rather than kneaded . also , batter breads rise only once . they can be baked in any sized pan , but cast-iron skillets create a chewier crust .

7 g active dry yeast
57 g lukewarm water ( 105°f to 115°f )
241 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
11 g sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
113 g butter , room temperature
113 g lukewarm milk ( 105°f to 115°f )
1 large egg , beaten
50 g shredded parmesan cheese
85 g cream cheese , cut in 1/2 '' dice

stir yeast into the water to soften . in a large bowl , whisk flour , sugar and salt together to combine . add softened yeast/water mixture to the dry ingredients , butter , milk , egg and parmesan cheese . beat mixture vigorously for 2 minutes . turn the batter into a well-seasoned 10 '' skillet or round pan . dot top of dough with cream cheese . cover the pan with a greased piece of plastic and let rise for 1 hour . preheat the oven to 375°f . bake the bread for 20 minutes , or until its internal temperature reaches 190°f on an instant-read thermometer . store any leftover bread , well-wrapped , at room temperature for up to 5 days .




sandwich bread and devonshire splits

splits are the sweet , plump yeast rolls served in the west country with strawberry jam and double cream at a traditional `` cream tea . '' they would be delightful while attending royal ascot ( or simply viewing the fantastical hats ) . this recipe makes enough dough for one 13 '' x 4 '' pain de mie pan ; one 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' loaf pan plus a half dozen devonshire splits ; or a dozen and a half devonshire splits .

283 g water
21 g nonfat dry milk
1 large egg
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
539 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
57 g softened butter or 46 g shortening

combine all of the ingredients — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — kneading to form a soft and supple dough . place the dough into a lightly greased bowl , and turn it over so the top has a thin film of grease on it . cover the bowl and let rise for 1 to 1 1/2 hours , or until puffy . press the dough down and turn it out onto a lightly floured work surface . if you 're making the splits , divide the dough in 18 pieces , a scant 2 ounces ( 56g ) each . if you 're opting to make one loaf and six splits , take about two-thirds of the dough , shape it into a loaf , and place it in a lightly greased 8 1/2 '' x 4 1/2 '' bread pan . take the remaining dough and cut it into six even pieces , shape them into balls , and place them , seam-side down , on a small , lightly greased baking sheet . cover the rolls and allow to rise 15 to 20 minutes . cover the loaf and rolls and let it rise for 45 minutes to an hour . bake the rolls for about 15 minutes at 425°f . remove them from the oven and place them on a rack to cool . turn the oven down to 350°f and when the bread dough has risen just over the top edge of the bread pan , put it in the oven and bake it for 35 minutes . remove it and cool it on a rack . to make devonshire splits : cut each roll from top to bottom on the diagonal , not quite all the way through . open each one up ; on one side spread strawberry jam , and on the other , clotted or double devon cream ( or even homemade sour cream , which is much like a light clotted cream ) . close the roll back up and , if you feel like being elegant , brush the top with a little melted butter and sprinkle on a bit of confectioners ' sugar .

tips from our bakers

if you serve these rolls with clotted cream and treacle ( very similar to molasses ) rather than clotted cream and jam , they 're known as `` thunder and lightning . `` according to food historian elizabeth david , these are really cornish splits , but can be called devonshire chudleighs when made in a smaller size . however , brinna sands believes the difference between the devonshire and cornish split is the tamar river , and which side of it you happen to be on .


cheesy beer bread

when the holidays roll around , parties and celebrations become frequent — and sometimes impromptu — occurrences . this bread is a savory treat that can be thrown together for any such occasion . it 's best enjoyed warm , so all you have to do is take it out of the oven , and slice and serve — perhaps in cubes — alongside your favorite dipping oil .

bread

454 g king arthur unbleached self-rising flour
85 g vermont cheese powder
227 g sharp cheddar cheese , cut into 1/2 '' cubes ; we prefer cabot extra-sharp
454 g beer

topping

57 g grated cheddar cheese

preheat the oven to 375°f . lightly grease a 9 '' to 10 '' round , 4 '' deep lidded baking crock or dutch oven . in a large bowl , stir together the flour , cheese powder , and cubed cheddar cheese . add the beer , stirring until fairly smooth and no dry spots remain . spoon the batter into the crock , smoothing the surface . sprinkle the grated cheese on top . cover the crock with the lid and bake the bread for 40 minutes . uncover the crock , and bake for 10 to 15 minutes longer , until the bread is golden brown on top , and a digital thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf reads at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 10 minutes turn it out onto a rack . serve the bread warm or at room temperature . store at room temperature , well wrapped , for several days ; freeze for longer storage . yield : one 9 '' to 10 '' round loaf .




texas toast

thick-sliced bread , anointed with sweet butter and garlic olive oil , grilled or griddled and served hot and crisp — now that 's texas toast !

1 loaf english muffin toasting bread , cut into 8 to 10 slices
35 g garlic oil
43 g melted butter

preheat a griddle to medium heat . cut the bread into 3/4 '' to 1 '' thick slices . combine the garlic oil and melted butter , and spread it on both sides of each piece of bread . fry the bread until golden brown on each side . serve hot . yield : 8 to 10 servings .

tips from our bakers

this toast is traditionally prepared on an outdoor barbecue grill . if you 've got your grill going , give it a try .


peaches and cream bread

this high-rising loaf has a wonderful peach taste . the fresh peaches , while adding a delightful moisture and lightness to the bread , sort of lost their flavor along the way . we added in some dried apricots and fell in love . this bread is delightfully flavorful , but not too sweet . absolutely perfect for fancy french toast or pb & j .

57 g heavy cream
1 large egg
25 g vegetable oil
39 g granulated sugar
255 g peaches ; peeled , pitted , and chopped ; fresh , frozen , or canned ; thawed and well-drained
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
422 g king arthur unbleached bread flour
50 g rolled oats
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 1/2 teaspoons instant yeast
96 g diced dried apricots or dried peaches

place all of the ingredients except the dried apricots into the pan of your bread machine , program the machine for basic dough , and press start . check the dough after 10 to 15 minutes of kneading ; it should have formed a smooth ball , soft but not sticky . if necessary , adjust the dough 's consistency with additional flour or water . add the dried apricots when the machine prompts you to do so . allow the machine to run through the full cycle . grease a 9 '' x 5 '' loaf pan . remove the bread from the machine and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface . gently deflate the dough , and shape it into a fat 9 '' log . place it in the prepared pan . cover and let the dough rise for 45 minutes to an hour , until it 's crowned about 1 '' over the rim of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the loaf for 40 to 45 minutes , or until a digital thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and after 10 minutes , turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool . cool completely before slicing . yield : 16 servings .

tips from our bakers

do n't have a bread machine ? feel free to prepare the dough manually , or using a stand mixer.for a different twist , substitute 3/4 cup cinnamon chips for the dried apricots or dried peaches .


pumpernickel-rye hearth bread

this hearty rye loaf is flavorful sliced , toasted , and smeared with a generous quantity of melting butter . it also makes a dynamite reuben panini .

361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
188 g pumpernickel flour
46 g potato flour
35 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
1 1/2 teaspoons deli rye flavor
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten , optional
1 tablespoon caraway seeds , optional
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
25 g sugar
2 teaspoons instant yeast
35 g vegetable oil
397 g lukewarm water

combine all of the ingredients , stirring until the dough comes together . knead the dough until smooth , adding additional water or all-purpose flour if needed — the dough should be soft and somewhat sticky . cover the dough , and let it rise until puffy , 60 to 90 minutes . lightly grease a hearth bread pan ( or other 2-pound capacity loaf pan ) ; a 10 '' x 5 '' loaf pan ; or a long covered baker or 13 '' pain de mie pan , both without the cover , work well here . gently deflate the dough and shape it into a log the length of your chosen pan . place it in the prepared pan , and let the dough rise until it 's just about doubled in size , 60 to 90 minutes . if you 're using a long baker , it will crown about 1/2 '' over the lip of the pan . towards the end of the rising time , preheat the oven to 350°f . bake the bread for 40 to 45 minutes , tenting it with aluminum foil after about 20 minutes to prevent it from getting too dark . the bread should be a nice golden brown when finished , and its internal temperature will register at least 200°f on a digital instant-read thermometer . remove the bread from the oven , turn it out of the pan , and allow it to cool completely before slicing . yield : 1 large ( about 2-pound ) loaf .

tips from our bakers

tip : if you do n't have a 2-pound capacity bread pan , you can shape the dough into a freeform log or boule , and place on a greased or parchment-lined baking sheet . when ready to bake , slash the bread several times to give it room to expand ; then bake for 40 to 45 minutes , until it tests done .


cranberry sticky buns

the aroma of sticky buns in a cozy kitchen creates one of the loveliest childhood memories . cranberries , brown sugar and butter create a flavor that children of all ages love . this combination of flavors does n't need anything else — it 's sublime just as it is .

the dough

2 large eggs
340 g warm water
25 g sugar
11 g active dry yeast
28 g butter , softened , or 25 g vegetable oil
43 g nonfat dry milk
227 g king arthur premium whole wheat flour
11 g salt
361 g to 418 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
vegetable shortening , to grease the pan

cranberry filling

113 g butter , at room temperature
213 g or 319 g packed brown sugar
298 g fresh cranberries or 113 g dried cranberries ( see `` tips '' , below . )
53 g to 113 g chopped or ground nuts , optional

to make the dough : break the eggs into a 2-cup liquid measure and fill the balance with warm water . pour into a mixing bowl and beat until blended . add and dissolve the sugar and yeast . beat in the butter or oil and the dry milk . when this is thoroughly blended , add the whole wheat flour and salt . stir in 3 cups of unbleached flour until the mixture holds together and pulls away from the side of the bowl . turn the dough out onto a well-floured board , and knead for 3 or 4 minutes , using as little flour as possible , until the dough is soft , elastic , and slightly tacky . use a dough scraper to help if you need to . place it in the greased bowl , cover , and let it rise until puffy , about 1 1/2 to 2 hours . to make the filling : cut the fresh cranberries , cut them in half and simmer them in a saucepan with a couple of tablespoons of water and the greater amount of sugar for 8 to 10 minutes . keep the heat low and give the mixture an occasional stir . if you 're using dried cranberries , put aside one quarter of the filling ingredients for later . lightly grease two 9 '' cake pans or a medium sized roasting pan ( about 11 '' x 13 '' ) . to shape the dough : press the dough down and roll it into a large rectangle , about 12 '' x 24 '' ( or two smaller ones , 9 '' x 16 '' ) . spread the softened butter on the rectangle ( s ) , leaving 1/2 '' around the outside edge unbuttered . if you 're using the fresh cranberries mixture , spread all of it on the surface of the dough , leaving 1/2 '' clear on the edges . starting with the long edge , roll the dough up like a jelly roll . pinch the outside edge tightly to the main body of the dough . lift the roll gently ( or cut it in half if you 're using two pans ) and place it in the pan ( s ) you intend to bake them in . cut the roll into 3/4 '' to 1 '' slices . arrange them so they have room to expand . the filling that seeps out becomes the glaze on top after you turn them out of the pan . cover the buns and let them rise for 45 minutes to an hour . if you 're using dried cranberries , sprinkle the brown sugar over the butter , then the cranberries , and finally the nuts . butter and sugar your pan with the ingredients you had set aside . ( you can even throw some cranberries and nuts in as well . ) starting with the long edge , roll the dough up like a jelly roll . pinch the outside edge to the main body of the dough . cut the roll into 3/4 '' to 1 '' slices , arrange cut side down in the pan , cover the pan and let them rise for 45 minutes to an hour . to bake and turn out : place the pan in a cold oven and set the temperature to 400°f for 15 minutes . during this time , the buns will finish rising and assume their final , expanded shape . after this 15-minute period , turn the temperature down to 350°f for a further 20 to 30 minutes . check after 20 minutes . if there 's the slightest aroma of browning sugar , turn the temperature down to 325°f for the final 10 minutes . while these buns are still hot , loosen the sides a bit with a knife . then find a plate or platter that will accommodate them . invert the platter over the baking pan , flip them both over and leave the baking pan overturned for a few minutes to allow everything to come out . store , covered , at room temperature for up to 3 days .

tips from our bakers

mincemeat can be substituted for the cranberries and nuts in the filling . about 2 cups should do it — more if you 're a real mincemeat fan.if you 're using dried cranberries , put aside one quarter of the filling ingredients for later.if you 're using dried cranberries , sprinkle the brown sugar over the butter , then the cranberries , and finally the nuts . butter and sugar your pan with the ingredients you had set aside , adding some cranberries and nuts in as well . starting with the long edge , roll the dough up like a jelly roll . pinch the outside edge to the main body of the dough . put the roll into 3/4 '' to 1 '' slices . place the slices in the prepared pans with a bit of space between them so they have room to expand . cover the buns and let them rise for 45 minutes to an hour .


dainty tea-sandwich bread

the best bread for thin-slicing is called pain de mie , a butter- and milk-rich loaf baked in a special lidded 13 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' pan . the lid ensures that the baking bread wo n't expand too much , keeping it very close-grained — and thus totally non-crumbly , and easy to slice .

170 g milk
227 g lukewarm water
85 g butter
2 teaspoons salt
35 g sugar
43 g baker 's special dry milk or nonfat dry milk
64 g potato flour or potato flakes
361 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour
170 g king arthur 100 % organic white whole wheat flour
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast

combine all of the ingredients , and mix and knead them — by hand , mixer , or bread machine — to form a smooth , supple dough . transfer the dough to a lightly greased bowl or dough-rising bucket , cover the bowl or bucket , and allow the dough to rise until puffy though not necessarily doubled in bulk , about 1 1/2 hours . lightly grease a 13 '' x 4 '' x 4 '' lidded pain de mie pan . transfer the risen dough to a lightly greased work surface , shape it into a log , and fit it into the pan . flatten the top as much as possible . cover the pan with lightly greased plastic wrap , and allow the dough to rise until it 's about 1/2 '' below the lip of the pan , about 45 minutes . preheat the oven to 350° . carefully slip the cover onto the pan , and let it rest an additional 15 minutes while the oven heats . bake the bread for 25 minutes . remove the pan from the oven , carefully remove the lid , and return the bread to the oven to bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes , until it 's golden-brown on top and tests done ; an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will register 190°f . remove the bread from the oven , and turn it out of the pan onto a rack to cool completely . store , well-wrapped , on the counter for up to 3 days , or freeze for up to 3 months .

tips from our bakers

for a soft , flavorful crust , brush the loaf with melted butter while warm .


spiced cherry breakfast ring

filled with cinnamon and cherries , this bread makes a pretty centerpiece for any breakfast table .

dough

113 g lukewarm milk
113 g lukewarm water
28 g unsalted butter , softened
50 g granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast or active dry yeast
1 large egg
1 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
482 g king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour

filling

50 g granulated sugar
4 teaspoons instant clearjel or king arthur unbleached all-purpose flour ( see baker 's hint below )
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
227 g pitted , chopped , fresh sweet or sour cherries

egg wash

1 large egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water

glaze

57 g confectioners ' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 to 3 teaspoons milk
35 g pearl sugar , optional

to make the dough : combine the dough ingredients in a mixing bowl in the order listed . mix until the dough begins to come together , then knead for 6 minutes at low to medium speed in your mixer , or by hand on a lightly floured surface , to form a soft , smooth dough . place the dough back in the bowl , cover , and let rise until doubled , 1 to 1 1/2 hours . to make the filling : in a small bowl , mix together the sugar , clearjel ( or flour ) , and cinnamon until blended . sprinkle over the cherries and stir to coat them . set aside . to assemble the ring : after the first rise , roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to an 18 '' x 12 '' rectangle . spread the filling over it , leaving a 1/2 '' margin uncovered on both long edges . roll up , jelly-roll style , starting with a long side . pinch the seam closed , and place seam-side down on a parchment-lined baking sheet . shape the log into a ring , tucking one end inside the other and pinching to seal . using kitchen scissors , snip through the ring at 1 '' intervals , making each cut 2/3 of the way to the center . gently lift and angle each section slightly to the side to expose the fruit spiral . cover the shaped loaf with greased plastic wrap and let rise for about 45 minutes , until puffy . while the dough is rising , preheat the oven to 350°f . when ready to bake , uncover the dough and gently brush the egg wash over the entire surface of the risen ring . bake the bread for 35 to 40 minutes , until golden . remove it from the oven and transfer the pan to a rack to allow the bread to cool completely . to make the glaze : mix the confectioners ' sugar , vanilla , and milk to make a smooth glaze . drizzle over the cooled ring and sprinkle with pearl sugar , if desired . store , covered , in the refrigerator for up to 1 week .

tips from our bakers

if using flour to thicken the filling instead of instant clearjel , the filling will not be as thick and may run out of the bread as it bakes . if you do n't have instant clearjel and want to avoid this , we suggest cooking the filling ingredients in a saucepan until thickened , then cooling before using to fill the bread . a good quality canned pie or pastry filling will also work well .

